                               ADRIFT

                                      by
                         Aaron and Jordan Kandell

                                Based on the book

                               Red Sky In Mourning

                    By Tami Oldham Ashcraft with Susea McGearhart

            Sukee Chew -- Hopscotch Pictures
                                                WME
                             THIS IS A TRUE STORY
           AT FIRST THERE IS ONLY DARKNESS...

           A deathly silence. Slowly punctured by a rising STORM OF 
           SOUND: the banshee scream of HOWLING WIND, death groan of 
           SPLINTERING WOOD. Heart of a hurricane more felt than seen.

           TWIN FORKS OF LIGHTNING ELECTRIFY THE NIGHT

           Sizzling flashes that with each blinding burst illuminate a 
           nightmare of shadow and chaos: 

           FLASH: The bow of a sailboat seesaws through skyscraper swells.

           FLASH: Hands grip a wheel that spins out of control. Slipping.

           FLASH: Violent crescendo of SAILS WHIPPING wildly. Ripping.

           FLASH: A fury of rain. Fingers reach for us. Almost touching --

           BOOM TO BLACK 

           Thunder so loud it rattles the bones. And then, just as 
           quickly as it begins, ALL SOUND BOTTOMS OUT...

           EXT. UNDERWATER - UPSIDE-DOWN

           A faint glow SPLASHES DOWN into the inky darkness: A RED STROBE 
           light PULSING around the neck of a man, curled like a newborn. 

           With each fading flicker he sinks deeper into the womb-like 
           depths -- the strobe like the failing beat of a heart.

           Dim... dimly... dimmer...

           INT. SAILBOAT - DAY - <THE PRESENT> 

           All at once the liquid depths transform seamlessly into...

           A PUPIL

           Center of a sea-blue eye, which blinks in EXTREME CLOSE UP:

           TAMI ASHCRAFT (23) 

           Groans awake like a drowning victim revived. Hair a tangled 
           halo. Sunburned face spattered with caked salt and blood. She 
           squints against the light. Vision blurry. Speech slurred.

                                 TAMI
                        Richard it’s too bright. 

           She shuts her eyes, lulled by the gentle lapping of water... 

           THEN SHE TASTES THE BLOOD 
           A rivulet trickling down her forehead. Her eyes snap wide now.

           TAMI’S FUZZY POV: 

           A tropic sun sears a cloudless blue sky. 

           Tami BLINKS, disoriented. Slowly her vision comes into focus --

           The sun pours through a JAGGED HOLE in the torn deck overhead, 
           where a fifty foot aluminum mast once stood. Now simply gone. 

           A HOLLOW BOOM REVERBERATES through the ship’s flooded cabin.

           Tami’s breath quickens. A wave of desperate realization.

                                 TAMI
                        Richard? 

           She rolls to one side only to gag on a MOUTHFUL OF SALTWATER.

           WIDER NOW: reveals Tami is suspended in a hammock inside a 
           half-ﬂooded ship’s cabin. She sits up, a painful maneuver. 

           The world spins dangerously. A CONCUSSION. 

           THE BOOM ECHOES AGAIN 

           Tami clutches her head, but it’s not in her brain... something 
           heavy is pounding against the ship’s hull. Still her palm comes 
           away from her rat’s nest of sun-bleached hair: soaked in blood. 

           In the galley’s mirror she catches a glimpse of herself: a 
           deep gash in her head, shards of glass porcupined in her arms. 

           And water everywhere. A disaster zone... 

           Cabinets ripped off their hinges. Rotting food drifting free 
           along with clothes, books, anything that isn’t bolted down. 

           Tami’s vision blurs in and out of focus. Panic building.

                                 TAMI
                        RICHARD! 

           Groaning, she untangles herself from the wet cocoon of the 
           hammock and plunges waist-deep into the oily water. 

           She gasps, a shock to her system, the cold snapping her into 
           focus. Into the immediacy of this waking nightmare. Into action. 

           She power-wades frantically through what was once a luxurious 
           wood trimmed cabin. Tears open the FORWARD V-BERTH (bedroom). 

           IT’S EMPTY
           In a frenzy, Tami sloshes back toward the AFT CABIN -- shoving 
           aside a minefield of drifting debris. Only the door here is 
           blocked from within by something heavy and pliant. A body?

                                 TAMI
                        Oh god Richard, I’m coming!

           WHAM! Tami slams herself into the door. Again and again. 
           Ignoring the pain. Terror and adrenaline fueling her strength. 

           With a SNAP the hinges wrench off. In a flash, Tami hauls the 
           facedown corpse out of the water to find... 

           IT’S JUST A SOGGY MATTRESS

           In a frenzy she PUNCHES it aside. Surges to the companionway 
           ladder leading up to the ship’s deck. 

           THE HOLLOW BOOM POUNDS AGAIN 

           And again through this flooded coffin. Like a death knell. But 
           if this ship is sinking... Tami will NOT go down with it. 

           She wrestles to open the hatch door, but no matter how hard 
           she tugs it won’t budge. She’s TRAPPED. And worse...

           THE LADDER RIPS OFF ITS LATCHES!

           Crashing backwards on top of Tami, crushing her.

           UNDERWATER 

           Tami’s leg stomps through a splintered floorboard -- an eight 
           inch GASH immediately butterflying open all the way to bone.

           She SCREAMS BUBBLES of pain -- pinned down and drowning as she 
           struggles desperately to muscle the wedged ladder off her.

           ONLY SHE CAN’T...

           Air gone, strength slipping, darkness closing in. 

           But Tami doesn’t quit. 

           Straining impossibly, she dead-lifts the ladder just enough to 
           squirm free and...

           BURSTS TO THE SURFACE GASPING!

           But the hatch is unreachable now. She’s trapped in the cabin. 
           Tami scans her only exit: ten feet straight up through the 
           ripped out hole in the deck. 

           Gritting through pain, she scales the broken galley table, 
           stacks a wobbly pyramid of cushions, appliances, anything not 
           bolted down. Climbs precariously toward the light. Straining --
           Only it’s not enough, her fingertips fall just shy of the 
           opening. Tami steels herself, only one way out. She LEAPS...

           EXT. UPPER DECK - DAY

           Hands appear first, clawing with insane effort as Tami’s face 
           now heaves into frame, hauling herself onto the deck of a 
           million dollar yacht that... like her... is a TOTAL WRECK. 

           The entire sailboat is tilted at a crazy angle. Barely aﬂoat. 

           The main boom has severed at the trunk like a chainsawed tree 
           and smashed across the hatch. Sails shredded or missing. 

           But worse: Tami is completely alone. 

                                 TAMI
                        Richard?

           She races toward the cockpit, searching, manic. Reaching the 
           wheel, she finds A SAFETY-LINE clipped to the rail...

           The other end trailing off the stern into the sea. 

                                 TAMI 
                        Please no. Please please please.

           Hand over hand she hauls the line in, chanting her hopeless 
           mantra, her only wish, her deepest prayer.

           At the end of the line all that greets her... is a broken clip.

                                 TAMI 
                        NO... 

           The weight of reality drops her to her knees. And then --

                                 TAMI
                        RICHAAAAAAARD! 

           The kind of cry you never thought was in you, and everyone 
           hopes they never hear. Primal. Heartrending. Absolute.

           It ECHOES ACROSS THE WATER

           Further. Further. Till Tami is just a speck on a desolate sea. 
           No one and absolutely nothing as far as the eye can see. 

           Just BLUE stretching from horizon to endless horizon. 

           UP TITLE:            A D R I F T
           And now a different VOICE shouts back across the water, across 
           time. An echo on the wind. A memory from the past.

                                 RICHARD (V.O.)
                        Are you alone?

           The SUN FLARES, a flash of BLINDING WHITE  --

           EXT. COOK’S BAY, MO’OREA - DAY - (THE PAST)

           The light turns liquid, sun dancing across water as Tami turns 
           toward the VOICE, shielding her eyes.

           She’s a different woman than the one we just met: bruises and 
           blood gone, face strong and healthy. Yet there’s a 
           restlessness in her. A wild, unbridled spirit. An iron will.

           She varnishes the wood rails of the same sailboat: HAZANA.  
           Only it’s no longer destroyed. It’s now restored to full glory: 

           A beautiful luxury yacht anchored in a postcard perfect lagoon. 

                                 RICHARD (O.S.)
                        I said... are you alone? 

           A friendly voice calls across the water, a man backlit by the 
           sun sails into view on his smaller, shittier, beat-up ship. 

           He expertly drops anchor beside Tami, who gets a good look at --

           RICHARD SHARP (32)

           English. Elemental. A man chiseled by wind and salt-spray, 
           hair a messy lion’s mane. A magnetism that can’t be contained.

                                 TAMI
                        That’s a strange question to ask a 
                        stranger.

                                 RICHARD
                        Is it? Been at sea so long, guess 
                        I’ve lost my social graces. Probably 
                        doesn’t help I’ve been spending all 
                        my time with Ernest and Leo...

           He lifts two books: Ernest Hemingway’s “Old Man and the Sea” 
           and Leo Tolstoy’s “Anna Karenina.”

                                 RICHARD
                        Who are the world’s most depressing 
                        shipmates. I was hoping to talk to 
                        someone real before I really go crazy.

                                 TAMI
                        Too bad I’m a hallucination. 
                                 RICHARD
                          (laughs)
                        I knew it! It’s too good to be true...

           He takes in Tami and the Eden before him: dramatic razor-
           ridged folding cliffs reflected in electric blue water. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I mean look at this paradise! Water 
                        too blue, mountains too green. 

                                 TAMI
                        And this isn’t even the pretty part. 
                        Bienvenue à Tahiti. 

           Richard smiles at her, more handsome than Tami dares admit. 
           Despite his unkempt beard and unforgivably tacky ALOHA SHIRT.

           To Tami’s surprise, he pirate-swings far out over the water 
           and splashes down in a bombastic cannonball. Giddy as a kid.

           His enthusiasm is infectious. Tami smiles in spite of herself as 
           he hauls himself dripping onto HAZANA. Whistles appreciatively.

                                 RICHARD
                        She’s quite a beaut.

           His eyes never leave hers. Admiring Tami more than the ship.

                                 TAMI
                        And that was quite an entrance. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I was hoping to make an impression.

                                 TAMI 
                        You made a strong one... on the wood. 

           She points at his wet hand staining her drying veneer.

                                 TAMI
                        Less on me. You ruined my varnish.

           Richard quickly devolves from bravado to bumbling idiot. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m sorry. I didn’t... here I’ll 
                        just... let me help you fix it.

           His attempts to fix the stain only make it worse. Tami laughs.

                                 TAMI
                        Better if we start over from scratch.
                          (extends her hand)
                        I’m Tami.
                                 RICHARD
                        Richard.

           He yelps in surprise as he shakes her hand... a rough piece of 
           SANDPAPER hidden in her palm. 

                                 TAMI
                        You could use some polish yourself.

           She indicates his shaggy beard. Signals him to sand the stain. 

                                 RICHARD
                        When you’ve been a long time at sea, 
                        you get a bit rough around the edges.  

           He stops her hand, then gently guides it the opposite way.

                                 RICHARD
                        But I find true beauty only emerges 
                        when we go against the grain.

           Under his guidance the stain strips clean, revealing beautiful 
           raw wood underneath. 

           Tami studies him, hands still touching. Contact. Chemistry.

                                 TAMI
                        Is that why you sailed solo all the 
                        way from... 
                          (off his accent)
                        England?

                                 RICHARD
                        Originally. Got grounded in South 
                        Africa running a shipyard for a 
                        while. But now my home port is 
                        wherever the wind takes me. You?

                                 TAMI
                        Still looking for a port of my own.

                                 RICHARD
                        I see... and on quite the chariot. 

                                 TAMI
                        Hazana? I wish but she’s not mine. 
                        I’m just the hired help shining her 
                        up for another princess. 

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s a relief. Because I’m no 
                        prince charming.

                                 TAMI
                        And that’s no white horse... 
           She nods at his humble ship -- THE MAYALUGA -- a 34 foot ferro-
           cement cutter anchored across the channel. Richard beams, proud.

                                 RICHARD
                        No, but I built it with my own hands.

                                 TAMI
                        I can tell.

           Richard smirks at her spunk, outmatched by Tami.

                                 RICHARD
                        Let me take you sailing.

                                 TAMI
                        On that floating coffin?

                                 RICHARD
                        I know it doesn’t look like much, but 
                        you shouldn’t judge a ship by it’s 
                        hull. 

                                 TAMI
                        I’m judging it by it’s captain.

                                 RICHARD
                        Then you’re judging too quickly. Look 
                        I admit, I haven’t done this in a 
                        while so...

                                 TAMI
                        It’s hard to sweep a girl off her 
                        feet when you’ve got sea legs.

                                 RICHARD
                        You don’t strike me as a girl who 
                        needs sweeping.

                                 TAMI
                        And you don’t strike me as boy who 
                        gives up easily.

                                 RICHARD
                        I don’t.

           He offers his hand to her, hoping she’ll take it only... 

                                 TAMI
                        Good. Because I’m gonna make it hard.

           And with that, to his surprise... she SHOVES HIM OVERBOARD!
           EXT. HAZANA - OPEN OCEAN - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           SPLASH! A man overboard life preserver hits the water, bobbing 
           uselessly on the swells. Tami watches it drift, shell-shocked.

           A HOLLOW BOOM 

           Snaps her out of it, that same death knell banging against the 
           hull. Reminding her of the danger she’s in. 

           She moves for the cockpit’s VHF HIGH-FREQUENCY RADIO.

                                 TAMI
                        Mayday, MAYDAY! This is the sailing 
                        yacht Hazana. We’re swamped... 
                        possibly sinking... with a man over...

           She CHOKES UP. Eyes clenched shut, involuntary tears welling.  

                                 TAMI
                        It’s just me. Please, somebody copy. 

           Her tears splash on a NAUTICAL CHART duct-taped to the cockpit -- 
           HAZANA’s course tracked daily to its last marked position...

                                 TAMI
                        Last recorded position: longitude 
                        115°W by latitude 12°N. 1500 miles 
                        between San Diego and Tahiti. 
                          (somberly to herself)
                        1500 miles from nowhere.

           Staring at the chart, the severity of her situation sinks in. 
           Her ship a tiny needle in the middle of a blue haystack.

                                 TAMI
                          (desperately into radio)
                        C’mon dammit... Mayday, mayday...

           Water suddenly BUBBLES OUT of the receiver. Tami tries to 
           salvage it, but the radio is completely drenched, DEAD. 

           In a rage she SMASHES it to pieces.

           Then she collapses in a defeated ball. Rocking with the swells 
           and with her grief. In this moment when most would give up...

           A GLINT OF LIGHT

           Suddenly dances across her eyes. A brief flash. Here then gone. 

           Tami sits up, shielding her gaze. Scanning the horizon. But 
           the liquid infinity that surrounds her reveals nothing.

           She slumps. A trick of her mind. Her concussed head throbbing.
           THEN THE LIGHT FLASHES AGAIN

           Way out, flickering like a lighthouse. So faint it could be 
           the sun sparkling off the water. Only it lingers.

           Wasting no time, Tami dives across the deck, flush with renewed 
           hope. She reaches beneath the cockpit, groping blindly.

           REVERSE ON: her fingers find a waterproof SHIP’S LOG and a 
           pair of BINOCULARS. Still strapped in. A small miracle. She 
           raises them, scared to breathe, adjusting the focus until...

           A LIFE RAFT APPEARS!! 

                                 TAMI
                        RICHAAARD! HANG ON, I’M COMING!

           As the light glints again, blinding her...

           EXT. SECLUDED BEACH, MO’OREA - DAY - (THE PAST)

           A blinding light flashes tauntingly in Tami’s eyes -- as she 
           reclines in a hammock strung between two coconut trees. 

           She squints, annoyed, to find Richard motoring past her beach 
           in an inflatable dinghy, intentionally reflecting sunlight at 
           her off his watch. He calls to her --

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m heading into town for supplies. 
                        Need anything?

                                 TAMI
                        Actually, there’s this little sign 
                        they sell that says “Ne pas déranger”.

                                 RICHARD
                        Which means?

                                 TAMI
                        Do not disturb.

           She covers her eyes with her pareu. Waves adieu.

                                 RICHARD
                        If I bring back a six pack, will that 
                        count as me buying you a drink?

                                 TAMI
                        No, but I’ll give you points for 
                        persistence.

                                 RICHARD
                        And how many points do I need until 
                        you come sailing with me?
                                 TAMI
                        The more you ask, the less you get. 

           She watches amused as his OUTBOARD DIES.

                                 TAMI
                        Besides... I think you need to bring 
                        your lifeboat back to life first.

           Richard curses. Tries to restart his motor, hitting the 
           ignition, revving the stuttering throttle over and over as...

           EXT. HAZANA - OPEN OCEAN - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami revs HAZANA’s throttle, PUNCHES the ignition. Nothing. 

                                 TAMI
                        C’mon, c’mon. WORK!

           In the distance the FLASH glints. Further now. Taunting her. 

                                 TAMI
                        MOVE GODDAMN IT!

           She cranks the engine again and again. Not even a sputter.

                                 TAMI
                        No motor. No mast. No sail. I’m dead.

           She spins the wheel, trying to at least turn the ship. But 
           it’s STUCK. Something caught on the rudder underwater.

           She massages her throbbing temple. Trying to think over the 
           dull, INSISTENT BANGING. But it's not just her migraine... 

           Leaning far over the gunwale, she spots the source of the BOOM:

           A SEVERED SPINNAKER POLE 

           Banging like a battering ram against the ship’s hull, causing 
           cracks to spiderweb across its veneer with each swell. 

           If she doesn’t do something fast, it’ll puncture through!

           And that’s not the worst of her problems. The pole is caught 
           in a tangle of ropes connected like tentacles to --

           THE MASSIVE SUBMERGED HEADSAIL

           It drags under the keel like a giant jellyfish. Dragging 
           HAZANA over -- the source of the ship’s crazy tilt. 

           And though both of these threaten to kill her, Tami smiles at 
           the sight of them. A crazy idea forming.
           She extracts a knife and sets out slicing the spinnaker pole 
           free of its web. Instantly it begins to SLIP INTO THE DEEP...

           Tami dives for the 9 foot aluminum spinnaker pole, catching it 
           at the last second! She dangles headfirst over the side... 

           AN INCH SHY OF SEA

                                 TAMI
                        If I die... Richard dies.

           With herculean effort, she hauls herself and the pole on deck.

           And now, arm-over-arm, Tami tries to haul in THE SAIL. 

           But the slick fabric weighs a ton -- the sail nearly dragging 
           her over as her muscles tremble in a losing tug-of-war. 

           Tami SCREAMS in frustration. 

           With no other option, she lets it go. Then UNHOOKS the sail’s 
           clevis pin, watches defeated as her only sail SINKS. 

           For a moment she allows herself to sink into absolute despair. 

           But only a moment. 

           With the weight gone, HAZANA suddenly RIGHTS ITSELF! The wheel 
           spins free, bow turning. A silver lining. 

                                 TAMI
                        Well at least I’m not sinking... yet.

           But she ain’t moving either, her ship full of water. 

           Tami props the severed spinnaker pole upright, assessing its 
           flimsy height, flexing for tensile strength. Thinking...

           She scans the deck, eyes settling on a half-buried roll of 
           DUCT TAPE. At the sight of it, Tami smiles as though recalling 
           a fond memory. And as she digs aside debris to lift it...

           INT. HARBOR STORE - MO’OREA - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Richard lifts a roll of DUCT-TAPE from a shelf, tosses it atop 
           a mountain of duct tape in a shopping cart full of supplies: 
           Watercolor paints, canned food, nautical charts, a six pack. 

           Richard whistles as he shops, pausing before a bulletin board 
           cluttered with ads: boats for sale, manta ray tours, and... 

           A PICTURE OF TAMI

           Under the posting “Top Rate First Mate”. Richard untacks it.
                                 RICHARD
                        Tami Oldham. Sea gypsy. Experienced 
                        deckhand. Crappy chef. Skilled at 
                        rigging, varnishing and Trans-Pacific 
                        crossings. Will sail the seven seas 
                        in exchange for room, board and 
                        captain training.

                                 TAMI (O.S.)
                        Three weeks that’s been up, you’re 
                        the first taker.

           Richard turns to find Tami entering the small shop.

                                 RICHARD
                        Yeah... taking it down. It’s 
                        cluttering all the real ads.
                          (reads a tie-dye one)
                        Like palm readings AND tax prep. The 
                        two things everyone most needs.

                                 TAMI
                        Besides duct-tape? 

           She lifts two rolls from his absurd stockpile.

                                 TAMI
                        You sure you got enough?

                                 RICHARD
                        Why, you think they have more?

                                 TAMI
                        Not enough to fix your leaky ship.

                                 RICHARD
                        You laugh, but this sticky miracle 
                        strip has saved my ass more times 
                        than I care to admit.

                                 TAMI
                        And admitting that just killed my 
                        interest in sailing with you.

           Richard leans in close, flirtatious, a 10,000 kilowatt smile... 

                                 RICHARD
                        You made it pretty clear you had zero 
                        interest already. 

           ...then leans PAST HER, retacks her bulletin to the board. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Too bad, I could’ve used a first mate.
           He grabs his duct tape from her. Then TURNS HIS BACK on Tami, 
           this time rejecting her.

                                 TAMI 
                        For a man who doesn’t give up 
                        easily... that was PRETTY easy.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m not giving up... I’m giving in.

           Ignoring her, he pushes his cart toward the register -- where 
           a TAHITIAN CLERK starts ringing up his mountain of supplies.

           Tami grins gamely. A chess match of flirtation.

                                 TAMI
                        So what’s with the stockpile? 
                        Planning a party?

                                 RICHARD
                        For one. A going away celebration.

                                 TAMI
                          (surprised, disappointed)
                        You’re leaving? You just arrived. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m not much for land. 

                                 TAMI
                        Or fashion?

           She pokes a finger through a hole in his tacky ALOHA SHIRT.

                                 RICHARD
                        Tease all you want, this is my lucky 
                        shirt.

                                 TAMI
                        With everything but the ladies?

                                 RICHARD
                        Yet here you are chasing me into town 
                        after claiming you didn’t need anything.

                                 TAMI
                        I had a change of heart.

                                 RICHARD
                        About me? 
                          (flipping the script)
                        You know, if I didn’t know better, 
                        I’d say you were stalking ME.

           Now it’s Tami’s turn to lean close, a seductive smile...
                                 TAMI
                        Good thing you know better.

           ...And she leans past him, hands a stack of stamped letters to 
           the clerk: this provincial shop doubles as a post office. 

           The clerk spins the register so Richard can see his total. He 
           pulls out several soggy bills. It’s not enough. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Sorry but looks like it’s a rain 
                        check on that six-pack.

           He removes the beer and most of his canned food, keeps the 
           duct-tape and all the art supplies. An interesting choice.

                                 TAMI
                        Planning to survive on watercolors?

                                 RICHARD
                        The soul is more important to feed 
                        than the belly. 

                                 TAMI
                        Even starving artists need to eat.

           She puts the beer back on the counter. And all his food. Then 
           pulls out her own cash. 

                                 TAMI
                        This round’s on me.

           Richard stops her. Sincere.

                                 RICHARD
                        I don’t like owing anyone favors.

                                 TAMI
                        It’s not a favor if I get something 
                        in return.

                                 RICHARD
                        Like what?

           Tami smiles mischievously as she tears her ad from the 
           bulletin board and crumples it. 

                                 TAMI
                        Captain’s training. In the ancient 
                        art... of duct tape.

           She thrusts a roll against his chest. Richard laughs. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Easy! First lesson: whatever hole is 
                        leaking you just tear and...
           He RIIIIPS off a strip, tapes it to Tami’s lips. 

                                 RICHARD
                        There, fixed. Ne pas déranger.

           The clerk laughs as Tami pulls off the tape.

                                 TAMI
                        Careful, I’m a fast learner.

           With that she steals the tape back, a playful grin as...

           INT. HAZANA CABIN - <THE PRESENT>

           RIIIP! That cathartic SOUND as a thick strip of duct tape is 
           fast-torn away. Tami sticks it to the wall. Final piece on --

           A PLYWOOD PATCH 

           Heavily taped across the spiderweb cracks inside the hull. 
           Tami tests her handiwork to make sure it will hold. 

                                 TAMI
                        Patched leak: Check.

           Satisfied, she turns to her next task. Sarcastic...

                                 TAMI
                        Now the easy part: drain the ship. 

           She surveys the flooded cabin, the magnitude of the mess 
           overwhelming: diesel oil rainbows swirling around rotten food.

                                 TAMI
                        Can’t reach Richard dragging all this.

           She sloshes to the damaged NAV station. Reaches underwater, 
           groping blindly for a panel labelled: AUTOMATIC BILGE-PUMP.  

           As soon as she flips the switch ON...

           ELECTRICITY EXPLODES through her body -- a white flame of pain 
           conducted through water into muscle and bone. 

                                 TAMI
                        AGGGGGHHHHHHH!

           Tami barely manages to kick the switch OFF, then flies back, 
           gasping for breath. Body still trembling from the voltage. 

           And then, shockingly, she begins to GIGGLE HYSTERICALLY.

                                 TAMI
                        Almost died... again. Check. But if 
                        the power’s still on...
           She crawls to the sink, a sudden hope building. Puts her mouth 
           under the faucet and twists! But no water comes out. Fuck.

           Tami frantically follows the water hose down beneath the 
           sink... where it abruptly SEVERS. So much for the water tanks.

           But she’s not totally out of luck. From under the sink she 
           pulls a dry bag that holds emergency supplies including:

           A MED KIT AND A BOX OF FLARES

           Tami studies these briefly, an important find. 

           But for now she sets them aside to focus on the task at hand: 
           from the bag she lifts the HANDLE to the manual bilge pump. 

           She connects the handle, then starts hard cranking its lever -- 
           each up and down the equivalent of a pushup. 

           But with all the debris in the water, the filter clogs fast. 

           Every few pumps, Tami has to fish out rancid oatmeal and 
           splintered wood. A Sisyphean task.

           Head POUNDING, Tami pauses to shake out her jello arms and 
           catch her breath. She assesses the water level. Scowls. 

           She’s barely made a dent.

           But instead of quitting, Tami attacks the pump harder! Taking 
           out all her helplessness and frustration. Fighting to regain 
           control, one liter at a time.

           ANGLE ON: dirty water being forced through the pump’s clear 
           hose -- which snakes out a porthole -- and dumps into the sea.

           And off water rhythmically hitting the ocean: Splash, SPLASH --

           EXT. COOK’S BAY - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Water SPLASHES off a paddle as Richard rows his dingy across 
           the bay. The spray hits Tami, who sits wedged across from him.

                                 TAMI
                        Hey, you did that on purpose!

                                 RICHARD
                        Price of using me as your water taxi.

           He grunts against the heavy oars. Muscles rippling. A sight 
           not lost on Tami.

                                 RICHARD
                        So how does a girl like you wind up 
                        in Tahiti?
                                 TAMI
                        Implying I’m like other girls.

                                 RICHARD
                        Not like any I’ve ever met.

                                 TAMI
                        You don’t know me enough to say that.

                                 RICHARD
                        I know a wind queen when I see one.

                                 TAMI
                        What does that mean?

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s what sailors call a ship that 
                        never stays in harbor long.

           Tami studies him now the way she suddenly realizes he’s been 
           studying her all along. Piercing. 

                                 RICHARD
                        What are you looking for Tami Oldham? 
                        Crappy Chef. Experienced Deckhand. 
                        Sea Gypsy.

                                 TAMI
                        I’m not looking for anything... 

           Her eyes drift out to the horizon. Deeper currents moving.

                                 TAMI
                        ...I’m just moving forward.

                                 RICHARD
                        But you can’t know where you’re going 
                        unless you know where you’ve been. 
                        That’s the first rule of navigation.

           Tami smiles appreciatively, the two easing into each other.

                                 TAMI
                        Well I grew up in San Diego, a mile 
                        from the beach. I was basically raised 
                        in the sea. Before I could even walk, 
                        my dad would take me surfing. Always 
                        said I’d head straight for the deep. 
                        Only the sea always felt like a 
                        boundary, you know? Somewhere I could 
                        escape to but never get past.

                                 RICHARD
                        Till you decided not to let the 
                        horizon stop you?
           Exactly. She skims her fingers across the blue skin of the sea.

                                 TAMI
                        Guess I’m not much for land either.

           Richard points to a fleet of fancy ships anchored in the bay.

                                 RICHARD
                        Look at all these beauties. You know 
                        most never sail? Maybe a weekend joy 
                        ride here or there, but open seas?

           He shakes his head as he rows past a luxury yacht hosting a 
           loud party. Beers, burgers, babes in bikinis.

                                 RICHARD
                        I can’t tell you how many ships I’ve 
                        built for people that never left 
                        dock. They’d come by the yard and 
                        brag to their friends: “Join me, sail 
                        the high seas, feel the wind in your 
                        hair”... then never leave. 

                                 TAMI
                        Because they don’t want to sail. Not 
                        really. They’re just buying a dream. 
                        A pricey, floating insurance policy. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Against what?

                                 TAMI
                        Reality. Boredom. An ordinary life.

                                 RICHARD
                        The illusion of freedom minus the 
                        danger of stepping into the deep.

                                 TAMI
                        Exactly! Most people don’t want 
                        freedom... not really. They want 
                        security. For a while I thought 
                        that’s what I wanted too. I watched 
                        everyone around me get stuck in the 
                        rut of the 9-5. Chasing the perfect 
                        job, perfect partner, the perfect 
                        normal life. God I hate normal!

           Richard laughs, totally with her.

                                 TAMI
                        And once I finally broke out of that, 
                        I swore I’d never go back. But most 
                        people won’t do it, won’t take that 
                        risk. Cast off the lines. Pull anchor.
                                 RICHARD
                        But we aren’t most people.

           They linger, briefly lost in the blue of each other’s eyes. 

                                 TAMI
                        Shit. Now I have to sail with you. 

                                 RICHARD
                          (grins)
                        Now?

                                 TAMI
                        Or never.

           They pull up between Richard’s self-built beater MAYALUGA and 
           the million dollar yacht Tami was polishing: HAZANA. Side by 
           side the difference in class and size is dramatic.

                                 CHRISTINE CROMPTON
                        Ahoy Tami!

           CHRISTINE AND PETER CROMPTON 

           Owners of HAZANA, wave from the deck: a fit English couple, 
           mid-sixties, wealthy but wearing it modestly. 

                                 PETER
                        Look at you, found yourself a ship.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        And a handsome captain too!

                                 TAMI
                        Don’t be fooled. Both need some work.

                                 PETER
                        Well thanks to you, Hazana looks 
                        better now than when we bought it.

                                 RICHARD
                        I bet she sails as beautifully as she 
                        looks. Lemme guess: 48 foot Trintella 
                        fiberglass hulls, roller-furling head 
                        sails, self-tailing winches.

                                 PETER
                        44 feet actually. But everything else 
                        is on the money. I’m impressed.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m jealous. Yours is a Ritz compared  
                        to my roach motel. Wish I could sail it.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        Come join us for a cruise.
                                 TAMI
                        We’d love to... some other time. 

           To Richard’s surprise she leaps on his ship and, showing off, 
           ties his dingy with a slip knot. That instantly slips off.

                                 RICHARD
                        There’s a better way to secure that.

                                 TAMI
                        Great, add it to my captain’s training.

           He unties the knot then in one fluid motion, fast-ties it as --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - RAPID CUTS - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           The same bowline knot flexes in CLOSE UP as Tami fast-ties 
           tight the last of several support ropes. They’re lashed like a 
           maypole around the slim spinnaker pole, holding it upright.

                                 TAMI
                        Crappy mast: Check.

           She steps back to survey her work. The pole wobbles in the 
           wind but holds. Tami allows herself a tiny, triumphant smile.

           UNTIL THE POLE TOPPLES...

                                 TAMI
                        Uncheck.

           Her fists clench, palms already blistered raw from the ropes.

           MORE ATTEMPTS -- QUICK SHOTS

           Each time faster... all failures. Tami adapts. Persists:

           --ANGLE ON: a roll of duct-tape, that cathartic SOUND as RIIP!

           --CLICK of the spinnaker pole as its base is jammed into a 
           locker box and secured with thick coils of anchor chain. 

           --RAW RASP of ropes rubbing together as hands cinch them tight.

           --The RIP of fabric as Tami shreds her wardrobe into strips.

           Tami wipes sweat and blood from her eyes as she works. Focused. 
           A needle clenched in her teeth. Rosie the Riveter gone pirate.

           PULLING WIDER: reveals a method to her madness. Foul weather 
           gear spread out and hand stitched into a colorful --

           PATCHWORK SAIL
           Tami sews closed the last corner. Then with the sun igniting 
           the sky in watercolor pastels, she raises her jerry-rig mast.

           Before her the spinnaker pole stands: anchored to the 4 compass 
           points of the ship by chain, rope and a GIANT WEB OF DUCT-TAPE. 

           A pathetic sight really, like a fort built by a six year-old. 

           But it holds.

                                 TAMI
                        Duct-tape, I will never question you 
                        again.

           She kisses it, whoops at the top of her lungs. Her first real 
           victory. And now she trains her binoculars on the horizon... 

           RICHARD’S LIFE RAFT A BARELY DISCERNIBLE SPECK

           Drifting further away with each lost minute. Tami grabs a rope.

                                 TAMI
                        We are not dying out here.

           With a mighty tug, she raises her makeshift sail. 

           The canvas blows wildly in the stiff breeze, stitches 
           threatening to split apart. Yet, as Tami pulls it taut...

           EXT. MAYALUGA - OPEN OCEAN - (THE PAST)

           WHOOSH! A magnificent full-size sail SNAPS OPEN atop the 40 
           foot mast of MAYALUGA. Which slices through sparkling seas. 

           Tami watches Richard as he swings acrobatically around his 
           small cutter: sheeting lines, steering, sailing with balletic 
           grace. A master in his element. A truly impressive display.

                                 TAMI
                        I can help, I’m no swabbie.

                                 RICHARD
                        Sorry, I’m just used to...

                                 TAMI
                        Being in control?

                                 RICHARD
                        ...being on my own.

           Tami takes the mainsheet line from his hand, trims the sail  
           into a close beam reach. Picking up speed as she cleats it down. 

                                 TAMI
                        Alright you can close your mouth.
                                 RICHARD
                        I’m not sure if I’m more impressed... 
                        or disappointed. Here I was hoping 
                        I’d seduce you with my skills, but 
                        you're tying knots around me.

                                 TAMI
                        I’m still learning. I mean I’ve done 
                        my share of crossings, but always on 
                        big boats with big crews. I can’t 
                        imagine what it’s like out here alone.

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s lonely. Sometimes unbearably so. 

           He grows uncharacteristically pensive. Drawing inward.

                                 RICHARD
                        But also peaceful. And humbling. I 
                        remember the first time I sailed 
                        beyond sight of land... and suddenly 
                        the horizon stretched endlessly in 
                        all directions. And I realized just 
                        how tiny I am.

                                 TAMI
                        I know what you mean. Whenever I sail 
                        my life and all my little worries 
                        just drift away.

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s because out here there is no 
                        time, no ties, no limits. The sea 
                        strips everything to its core. 
                        Especially when conditions get rough. 
                        You realize quickly who you are: your 
                        strengths and many weaknesses.

                                 TAMI
                        Such as...

                                 RICHARD
                        You I suspect.

           Tami blushes despite herself. 

                                 TAMI
                        Ok, so what are your strengths?

                                 RICHARD
                        I’ve always been good at charting my 
                        own course. Once I set my sights on 
                        what I want, I never veer. 
                                 TAMI
                        I’m the opposite. I only know what I 
                        DON’T want. And I’m still trying to 
                        find my course.

           From his shirt, Richard removes A NECKLACE: a crude obsidian, 
           ARROW-SHAPED STONE attached to a leather cord.

                                 RICHARD
                        My mum gave me this when I was 13, 
                        said it would always steer me true.

           There’s an undertow of sorrow here which he quickly diverts. 
           He twirls the stone, and Tami watches as it spins wildly.

                                 TAMI
                        What is it?

                                 RICHARD
                        A lodestone. Naturally magnetic, always 
                        points true north. They were used by 
                        ancient navigators as the first 
                        compasses. A kind of strange magic. 

           The stone slows, settles, pointing directly at Tami.

                                 RICHARD
                        Whenever I feel lost, this is what I 
                        use.

           Now he ties the necklace on her: slowly, gently, sexy as hell. 
           They hold on each other, two charged magnets drawing close.

                                 TAMI
                        I’ve always thought people are like 
                        magnets too... pulling together or 
                        pushing apart. Sometimes by choice, 
                        sometimes by forces beyond our control. 

           She steps into him, faces inches apart.

                                 TAMI
                        And the ones who matter most? You 
                        feel their pull, no matter how 
                        distant you are. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Or close?

           The setting sun melts into the narrowing space between their 
           lips. THEY KISS. Briefly melting together as well.

           They pull apart with the reluctance of magnets.
                                 RICHARD
                        We better turn back or we won’t make 
                        port by sundown.

                                 TAMI
                        Unless I have a better port in mind.

           She unfolds a nautical chart. Marks their location, draws a 
           line to the Marquesas: 15 tropical islands north of Tahiti. 

                                 RICHARD
                        The Marquesas? They’re 800 miles away.

                                 TAMI
                        Good thing I restocked your ship.

           Richard’s turn now to study Tami, taken in more and more by 
           her. That challenge, that drive. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I thought you only wanted a day sail?

                                 TAMI
                        Call it a romantic getaway.

                                 RICHARD
                        More like a romantic kidnapping.

           But he surrenders the tiller, no longer sure if it’s still a 
           game or something more... but willing to see how far she’ll go. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re wearing the lodestone, 
                        Captain. You chart our course.

           Without hesitation Tami tacks his ship toward the setting sun --

           EXT. HAZANA - SUNSET - <THE PRESENT>

           The last sliver of sun melts into the horizon. But Tami is too 
           panicked to appreciate its beauty. If she doesn’t find Richard 
           before the light’s gone, she knows she never will.

                                 TAMI
                        No no NO. Come on, where are you?

           BINOCULAR POV: Scanning the darkening sea. But there’s no 
           flash, no life raft... no sign of Richard anywhere.

           Tami SCREAMS, yanking her hair. A full emotional meltdown. Her 
           breath quickens, staggered and shallow. 

           Blood trickles from the gash in her head, PULSE POUNDING in 
           her concussed skull like a sharpened knife. For a moment the 
           whole world spins off its axis, out of control.
           Tami closes her eyes, takes 3 deep breaths. Calming herself.

           Then she raises the binoculars again. Blurred vision focusing.

           And there, silhouetted against the dusk, something round and 
           orange rises on the swells. Disappears. Rises again, closer.

           RICHARD’S LIFE RAFT

           Tami tacks hard, manually swinging her makeshift sail around --

           EXT. MAYALUGA - DAY - (THE PAST)

           And the red sail billows starboard on Richard’s cutter as it 
           slices through turquoise waves toward a lush tropical island.

           FATU HIVA 

           A Gauguin garden of Eden. Waterfalls plunge into lush valleys. 
           Gold scimitars of sand wrap a blue lagoon. Postcard of paradise.

           As Tami and Richard near shore, a canoe full of VILLAGE KIDS 
           paddles out to greet them -- the locals scampering onboard 
           with fresh fruits, black pearls, a baby pig. 

           In exchange Tami hands them books and art supplies, while 
           Richard takes silly POLAROIDS of the kids.

           He challenges the boys to a dive contest off the bow. His eyes 
           find Tami’s as the girls cling to her, enthralled by her hair. 

           To the kids’ delight, Richard does a clumsy backflip that ends 
           in a brutal bellyflop. Tami steps up to show how it’s done. 

           As the kids cheer, she launches into a graceful swan dive --

           EXT. UNDERWATER - DUSK - <THE PRESENT>

           WHOOSH! Tami slices the surface, a rope tied tightly around 
           her waist like an umbilical cord -- connected back to HAZANA’s  
           hull. She swims hard for the dark circle of the...

           EXT. LIFE RAFT - ABOVE THE SURFACE

           Shadows blanket the flimsy rubber tube -- as Tami ties too 
           many knots to ensure it doesn’t drift away. Then, almost 
           terrified of what she’ll find, she peeks over the rim...

                                 TAMI
                        Richard!

           He’s sprawled unconscious, one leg splayed at a sickening 
           angle. And clutched in his hand lies a --
           MARINER’S SEXTANT

           Glinting in the twilight. Source of the flash. 

           Tami rolls into the raft, her weight nearly flipping it. 

           She rushes to Richard, checks his lips... still breathing. 
           Squeezes his hand, desperate, pleading. 

           Suddenly his EYES FLUTTER open. He smiles weakly.

                                 RICHARD
                        Why are you always trying to get rid 
                        of me?

           Tami collapses against his chest, weeping in relief. 

                                 TAMI
                        I thought I’d lost you. Thought I’d 
                        lost my mind.

           He suddenly CRIES OUT in excruciating pain, clutches his ribs. 

                                 TAMI
                        You’re hurt.

                                 RICHARD
                        No, it’s good. Pain means I’m alive. 

           He pulls her close so their foreheads touch.

                                 RICHARD
                        WE are alive.

           They hold on each other, just breathing. Overwhelmed. 

                                 RICHARD
                        How in the world did you find me?

                                 TAMI
                        We’re magnets remember. 

           She lifts his lodestone NECKLACE, smiling. Then grabs his arms 
           to help him up... but he just lies there. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I can’t.

                                 TAMI
                        You can, I’ll help you. 

                                 RICHARD
                        No I... my legs... I can’t...

           His left leg is bent at an unnatural 90° angle, bone protruding 
           sickeningly. Tami reels at the sight. Richard doesn’t flinch.
                                 RICHARD
                        I can’t feel it. Can’t feel anything 
                        below my waist. My back...
                          (the sobering truth)
                        I think it’s broken.

           Tami assesses his injuries, Panicked. Richard stops her, the 
           situation severe but he’s calm, clear-eyed, a cold realist. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You have to leave me, I'm dead weight.

                                 TAMI
                        I am NOT letting you die. Not here, 
                        not ever. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You can't survive and take care of 
                        me. I’ll just be a burden. Please... 
                        let me drift.

           Tami presses her finger to his lips to silence him. 

                                 TAMI
                        We need to get you back on the ship.

                                 RICHARD
                        She looks more broken than me. Is she 
                        even seaworthy?

                                 TAMI
                        Flooded but floating. Nothing a 
                        little duct tape can’t fix.

           She’s forces a smile, being strong for him. For them both. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You were right, I should’ve listened 
                        to you. Should have stayed in Tahiti. 

                                 TAMI
                        Stay with me now.

           With renewed resolve, she muscles the raft hand-over-hand back 
           toward HAZANA. As waves crash over her in a thunder of spray -- 

           EXT. FATU HIVA - SEA CLIFFS - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Spray explodes into the tropical sky as thunderous surf 
           crashes into a shark-toothed reef.

           PAN UP: 200 hundred dizzying feet, where Tami and Richard hike 
           a narrow switchback trail carved into a volcanic cliff. In the 
           distance, MAYALUGA floats like a toy boat in the crescent bay. 
           The trail disintegrates at a razor ridge. Tami hesitates. But 
           Richard scales effortlessly across the precarious ledge.

                                 TAMI
                        Are you afraid of anything?

                                 RICHARD
                        Almost everything.

                                 TAMI
                        Then why are you always so damn 
                        confident?

                                 RICHARD
                        Because death is certain. But we 
                        never know when. So I’ve decided to 
                        live like I have no time left.

           He reaches out a hand to her, smiling encouragement.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’ve got you. 

           Tami clutches an outcropping, swings out, hands connecting as --

           RICHARD’S FOOT SLIPS!

           Lava rock crumbling away into the pounding sea. Tami clasps 
           his arm, pulls him safely to solid ground. 

                                 TAMI
                        No, I’ve got you. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You certainly do.

           They cling to each other, neither letting go. Wind whipping 
           wild as waves explode below -- kicking up a rainbow of spray.

           And as their fingers lace together...

           EXT. LIFE RAFT - NIGHT - <THE PRESENT>

           CLOSE ON: Tami squeezing Richard’s hand, fingers locked tight.

                                 TAMI
                        Ready? This is gonna hurt.

           Using a rudimentary pulley system of ropes, she lowers a --

           MAKESHIFT STRETCHER

           Cleverly constructed from a salvaged sheet of plywood lashed 
           with duct-tape to HAZANA’s metal boarding ladder. 
           Tami stares deeply into Richard’s anxious eyes. He nods, grits 
           his teeth as... she ROLLS him onto the stretcher. 

           RICHARD HOWLS LIKE A MOTHERFUCKER

           It pains Tami to see him suffer. She clamps his aloha shirt in 
           his teeth to help him fight through, as she straps him down.

                                 TAMI
                        Hold tight. I’ve got you. 

           Then she climbs back up the ropes onto HAZANA. Braces herself 
           on the other end of her pulley and... 

           YANKS WITH ALL HER MIGHT

           Richard rises precariously out of the raft, BANGING HARD 
           against the hull of HAZANA. This hurts more than being rolled.

           It’s a ten foot height difference to clear HAZANA’s deck and 
           Tami fights for every inch. Arms trembling. The rope SLIPS...

           RICHARD PLUNGES UNDERWATER!

           To Tami’s horror. She hauls him up mightily, summoning what 
           little strength she has left. Richard comes up spluttering. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Ok. I get it, I’m alive! You don’t 
                        have to keep reminding me.

           She hauls him over the edge and they both lie side by side, 
           panting under the first twinkling stars. A pristine night. 

                                 TAMI
                        I’m sorry, I won’t let you go again.

                                 RICHARD
                        And I promise I won’t leave.

           He clocks the carnage on board.

                                 RICHARD
                        Especially seeing how you trashed the 
                        place in my absence.

           He grins at her, beaten but not broken. Tami clenches his 
           hand. And as they lie together, breathing hard, in rhythm -- 

           EXT. FATU HIVA - WATERFALL - (THE PAST)

           Tami breathes heavily, leaning against a giant boulder. Hand 
           inadvertently brushing away the moss to expose --

           AN ANCIENT TIKI PETROGLYPH
           Carved in the lava rock, arms raised in supplication. Tami 
           touches the etching in silent reverence as she pauses to catch 
           her breath at the top of the steep jungle trail.

           Ahead of her Richard scales a pyramid of river rocks. Freezes.

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami you have to see this.

           He hauls her up beside him. 

           BEFORE THEM: a rainbow arcs over a MAJESTIC WATERFALL, which 
           tumbles dramatically down a green valley into a dewdrop pool. 
           Red feathered birds flit among wild ginger and hibiscus trees. 

                                 TAMI
                        Turns out Eden really exists.

           SPLASH! She douses Richard as she CANNONBALLS into the pool. 
           Then hits him with her wet shirt... bikini top... bottoms.

           Richard grins, strips off his clothes, and dives in after.

           They swirl around each other at the base of the falls. 
           Richard’s eyes as intensely blue and piercing as the pool.

           For a long time neither talks. Seduction in the silence.

                                 TAMI
                        Now that we found paradise, we can 
                        never leave.

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t tempt me. A lesser man may fall 
                        prey to your siren song, but not me. 

           Tami suddenly makes a loud ambulance sound. Richard claps his 
           hand over her mouth.

                                 RICHARD
                        Not that kind of siren! Sea nymphs 
                        who lure sailors with their 
                        irresistible lullaby.

                                 TAMI
                        Oh, in that case don't worry, I can’t 
                        sing to save my life.

           She swims even closer, puts her arms around him, leans in --

           THEN DUNKS HIM 

           Her bright laughter ECHOES across the hidden valley, the 
           falling whitewater, the sapphire pool. And then...

           She’s YANKED under the surface as well!
           UNDERWATER

           Richard pulls Tami to him, her legs wrapping around his waist. 

           The space between them narrows until they are no longer two, 
           but one... adrift... together in the big silent blue. 

           As THEIR LIPS COLLIDE, we rise up through the pounding falls -- 

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - MORNING  - <THE PRESENT>

           And break through the roiling surface of the sea. Whitecaps 
           pound against HAZANA’s battered bow... 

           On which Tami balances. She hefts a coil of knotted rope. Casts 
           it out. It splashes down, drifts by as Tami watches, COUNTING. 

           The second the rope reaches the stern, she hauls it out. Then 
           measures the knots tied at even intervals along the coil.

                                 TAMI
                        One... two... two and half knots.

           She rushes to the cockpit, pulls out the SHIP’S LOG and jots 
           quick calculations. As Richard stirs awake.

                                 RICHARD
                        You were supposed to give me the 
                        night watch.

                                 TAMI
                        I did. I watched you sleep.

                                 RICHARD
                        You need to rest too.

                                 TAMI
                        I’ll rest when we’re rescued.

           She rubs her bleary eyes, migraine pounding. Finishes her math.

                                 TAMI
                        If we’re averaging 2.5 knots per 
                        hour, that means we’re traveling 60-
                        70 miles a day...

                                 RICHARD
                        Which puts us somewhere roughly here.

           He draws a circle with a 70 mile radius around their last 
           position. Does a quick calculation: A = πr2.

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s only a 1500 square mile search 
                        area. Smaller than Rhode Island.
           He shows Tami, hopeful. She studies it, shakes her head.

                                 TAMI
                        Only we’ve been drifting two days.

           She doubles his radius. Draws a circle 50 times larger than 
           his -- a giant circle in the middle of immense blue. 

                                 TAMI
                        Roughly? We’re a needle in a blue 
                        haystack the size of 50 Rhode Islands.

                                 RICHARD
                        Worse. We’re out of the flight paths, 
                        nowhere near any shipping lanes. 

                                 TAMI
                        No one knows we’re out here. No one 
                        is coming.

           The brutal reality of their situation sends her spinning...

                                 TAMI
                        Which is why we can’t wait to be saved.

           ...spinning not toward despair but rather a solution.

                                 TAMI
                        We have to save ourselves.

           And now she flips to a new page in the Ship’s Log and writes:

           DAY TWO: SURVIVAL

           Then charts a new course on the map. A long line to California.

                                 TAMI
                        San Diego is 1500 miles away. At our 
                        current pace, we can reach shore in 
                        25 days.

                                 RICHARD
                        Against stiff headwinds and the North 
                        Equatorial current. It’ll take months. 

                                 TAMI
                        We won’t survive that long. 

           She shifts course, never stops problem solving, a crazy idea. 

                                 TAMI
                        What if we don’t sail to the Mainland? 

                                 RICHARD
                        There’s nowhere closer.
           Tami draws a new path: from their current location up to the 
           19th latitude, then West... to where it intersects Hilo.

                                 RICHARD
                        Hawaii?! That’s almost 2000 miles.

                                 TAMI
                        With the current and wind behind us. 

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s still a month... at best. 

                                 TAMI
                        But if we stay on the 19th latitude 
                        it’s a straight shot to Hilo. And 
                        we’ll be in the major shipping lanes. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Even if we had enough supplies to last, 
                        it’s a huge risk. A continent is 
                        impossible not to hit, but Hawaii’s a 
                        pinprick. If you miss? It’s nothing for 
                        5000 miles till China.

                                 TAMI
                        Then we can’t miss.

           That wild unbridled spirit in her. That iron will.

                                 TAMI
                        Besides... I’ve always wanted to 
                        learn hula.

           Richard laughs. Then clutches his side, a wave of intense pain.

                                 TAMI
                        We need to get you medical attention. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I tried 911 but apparently they don’t 
                        make house calls in the middle of the 
                        Pacific.

           He’s trying to keep spirits up but his situation is serious. 
           Tami lifts his shirt, gasps. Deep swelling. Black and blues. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Pretty sure my ribs are broken too, 
                        the one thing I wish I couldn’t feel.

           He pulls his shirt back down, pretends it doesn’t hurt.

                                 RICHARD
                        But don’t worry about me. Priorities: 
                        you gotta take care of yourself. 
                        Starting with finding a mirror.
                                 TAMI
                        I don’t care what I look like!

                                 RICHARD
                        You look like the most beautiful 
                        shipwreck I’ve ever seen. 

           He brushes her hair back tenderly...

                                 RICHARD
                        But if we’re gonna stay afloat,  
                        you’ve got some holes to patch first.

           And as he now gets a close look at her NASTY FOREHEAD GASH --

           INT. HAZANA BATHROOM  - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami pulls blood-matted hair out of her wound, gingerly probes 
           the deep painful gash in her skull. Winces. She barely 
           recognizes herself in the bathroom mirror’s cracked glass.

           Reluctantly, she opens the emergency med-kit. Pulls out 
           rubbing alcohol and SUTURES. Steels herself...

           Then pours the alcohol over her open head wound. 

           For a moment the world goes WHITE. But she grits through it.

           Then lifts the SUTURES, threads the needle. Lifts it to her 
           brow, trembling. Pauses with tip pressed against her skin... 

           Agggghhh!! The needle PIERCES HARD through flesh and blood.

           Tami RETCHES. The searing agony nearly knocking her out. 

           She slumps against the sink, hyperventilating. But then...

           She wipes her mouth. Climbs unsteadily to her feet. Pinches 
           the needle protruding from her skin. And gritting in pain -- 

           Threads it all the way through --

           EXT. FATU HIVA - BEACH - (THE PAST)

           A blood-red thread pulls through as Tami sews a new button on 
           Richard’s ratty old aloha shirt. She’s lounging under a palm 
           tree on a secluded, scenic beach. MAYALUGA floats offshore.

                                 TAMI
                        There, good as new.

           She holds it up for Richard, who stands shirtless in the 
           shorebreak -- shaving the last of his beard off. 
                                 RICHARD
                        I thought you hated that shirt?

                                 TAMI
                        What can I say, it’s growing on me.

           Richard grins and slips it on, putting on a fashion show.

                                 TAMI
                        On second thought, I shouldn’t 
                        encourage you. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Too late. When I find something I 
                        like, I keep it forever.

           He hoists her up to kiss her. She wipes the last bit of 
           shaving cream off his now smooth chin.

                                 TAMI
                        Remove all the barnacles and you 
                        actually clean up nicely.

                                 RICHARD
                        Wait till you see me in a suit.

                                 TAMI
                        I seriously doubt you own a suit.

                                 RICHARD
                        My birthday suit.

           He playfully wrestles her into the water, only to his 
           surprise, Tami pivot-flips him. Straddles his chest.

                                 TAMI
                        You should know I always end up on 
                        top.

                                 RICHARD
                        You should know I’m always okay with 
                        that.

           And as she drops down into a kiss, biting his lower lip --

           INT. HAZANA CABIN - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami bites the excess thread off the last stitch in her 
           butterflied shinbone. Then covers the wound with a bandage.

           She wades back through the cabin, stuffing a DUFFEL BAG with 
           all the best survival gear she can grab: canned food, can 
           opener, blankets, sunscreen, foul weather jackets... 

           And most importantly, all the food and water she can salvage. 
           It amounts to a frighteningly meagre supply. 

           All the perishables have perished. Rice and pasta reduced to 
           moldy mush. Fresh fruits disintegrate at her touch.

           Tami’s knee buckle when she tries to dead-lift the duffel. She 
           hauls it up with a guttural grunt...

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           THUNK! The duffel slams down next to Richard. Followed by 
           Tami. Panting, exhausted, soaked in sweat.

                                 TAMI
                        That’s everything I could salvage.

           Richard props himself painfully up to take inventory. He notes 
           the butterfly bandages and raw stitchwork on Tami’s wounds. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You look better.

                                 TAMI
                        You worse.

           She kneels beside Richard, with the med kit. Does her best to 
           set his broken leg (he feels nothing), wraps it in a splint.

           Then she hands him one of the only bottles of water. Richard 
           greedily raises the liquid to his parched, sunburnt lips...

           Then stops. The hardest thing in the world. He hands it to Tami.

                                 RICHARD
                        You need to drink, not me.

                                 TAMI
                        I agree. Only I need a real drink.

           With a grin she pulls out a six pack of warm Hinano beer.

                                 RICHARD
                        Pretty sure I've never loved anyone 
                        as much as I love you right now.

                                 TAMI
                        You're about to love me even more.

           She holds up a jar of peanut butter like it’s the Holy Grail. 

                                 RICHARD 
                        And on the 8th day, God made peanut 
                        butter. And all was right in the world.
                                 TAMI
                        Only God has a cruel sense of humor, 
                        I can’t get the top off.

           She tries twisting, pulling, prying. Richard watches amused.

                                 RICHARD
                        You want me to...

                                 TAMI
                        No! I got it.

           She bangs the lid repeatedly. Thunk, thunk, thunk. Richard 
           patiently extends his hand. Tami reluctantly hands it over.

           And in one of the great mysteries of mankind, Richard simply 
           twists the lid right off. He’s quite pleased with himself.

                                 RICHARD
                        See, what would you do without me?

           Tami takes the jar and places it just out of his reach.

                                 TAMI
                        You mean what would you do without me?

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re a cruel god indeed.

           With a grin, Tami produces a spoon from thin air. Scoops a 
           thick gob and feeds it to Richard. He moans with pleasure.

           They relish each bite, happier than seems reasonable given 
           their circumstances. And for a moment, everything feels like 
           it might just turn out alright...

           And then a rolling SWELL severely rocks the boat, sending the 
           duffel sliding across deck.

                                 TAMI
                        No no NO!

           She dives too late. It only takes a second for the duffel to --

           TUMBLE OVERBOARD... AND SINK!

           Nearly all the food gone in a blink (this really happened)

                                 TAMI
                        So stupid Tami! While you’re at it, 
                        why not throw yourself overboard? 

           She punches the wood furiously. Tears begin to well. Richard’s 
           tone hardens. Authoritative. Unflinching. 
                                 RICHARD
                        Stop crying, tears will only 
                        dehydrate you faster.

                                 TAMI
                        Good. May as well get it over with.

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re tired, you’re hurt, you’re not 
                        thinking clearly. 

                                 TAMI
                        No, I think it’s pretty damn clear... 
                        we’re gonna die out here.

                                 RICHARD
                        In that case, can you roll me over 
                        the side please? If we’re giving up, 
                        I’d rather go quickly.

           For emphasis he drags himself toward the edge. He’s either 
           joking or trying to snap her out of it. Either way it’s 
           effective... forcing Tami out of her defeatism to stop him.

                                 TAMI
                        I thought you’re not a guy who gives 
                        up easily.

                                 RICHARD
                        And you’re not a girl who gets swept 
                        off her feet. By anything.

           He recovers a can of food stuck in the railing. Points to a 
           few others that didn’t wash over. Including, miraculously, the 
           six pack of Hinano: what he was going for in the first place. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Besides we've still got our major 
                        food groups covered: beer and peanut 
                        butter. What more do you really need?

           Tami wipes the tears from her face, licks the tiny drops.

                                 TAMI
                        A milkshake. Cold and extra creamy.

                                 RICHARD
                        And a juicy steak.

           He scoops another spoonful of peanut butter, offers it to her.

                                 RICHARD
                        Though if we’re fantasizing, might as 
                        well make it count. Close your eyes 
                        and imagine this is the best meal of 
                        your life.
           Tami closes her eyes. Smiles as she takes a survival bite --

           EXT. FATU HIVA - BEACH - NIGHT - (THE PAST)

           Sizzling lobsters are thrust into the crackling flame of a 
           beach bonfire, that spits embers up into the starry night.

           A mouth-watering spread of tropical fruits and poisson cru are 
           laid on pandanus mats, Tami and Richard the guests of honor.

           An intimate circle of Marquesans gather round, strumming hand-
           carved ukuleles, their voices lifting in ACAPELLA HARMONY.

           Music backed by the percussion of the sea and the laughter of 
           local kids chasing the tide; gathering wood along the beach.

           If happiness had a song it would sound like this.

           The locals teach Richard the chords. As a MARQUESAN GRANDMA 
           shows Tami how to weave a traditional PALM-FROND HAT.

           Tami and Richard’s eyes meet in the flickering firelight.

           The moon plays peek-a-boo among the rustling palms. 

           It’s nearly impossible to pinpoint the precise moment when 
           love first begins. Yet something deep and unspoken weaves 
           through the air. This music. The subtle dance of their eyes.

           And as strumming fingers fly across the ukulele strings --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - THE NEXT DAY  - <THE PRESENT>

           Richard strums the final refrain of the Marquesan melody on his 
           damaged guitar: its body chipped, two strings snapped. Yet with 
           the magic of duct-tape, and his loving touch... still soulful.

           Tami writes in the Ship’s Log, the words scrawl across screen:

           DAY THREE: NO ONE KNOWS WE’RE MISSING

           She squints against the equatorial sun, a fiery furnace. Eases 
           out her sail, but it only luffs uselessly like a limp flag.  

           Licking chapped lips, Tami takes final tally of their rations.

                                 TAMI
                        We’ve got 7 cans of tuna, 3 Spam, and 
                        8 without labels, so every meal will 
                        be a mystery... 

                                 RICHARD
                        Surprise is the best seasoning.
                                 TAMI
                        ...A carton of sardines, saltines, 
                        and enough Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hot 
                        Sauce to drown our sorrows. 

           She lifts several bottles of hot sauce with a ridiculous 
           cartoon label of jalapeños dressed as the Beatles.

                                 RICHARD
                        Of course the one thing that didn’t 
                        break is the one thing we don’t need.

                                 TAMI
                        This won’t last a week... spread 
                        thin. We’re gonna need to supplement.

                                 RICHARD
                        Good thing we’re surrounded by protein.

           He points to a three prong spear lashed to the cockpit. 

           Tami peers into the blue, where the shimmery silver of fish 
           flashes below the keel. She shakes her head.

                                 TAMI
                        I can’t do it. I’ve never killed 
                        anything. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t worry, you’re human... it’ll 
                        come easy.

           Tami grabs the spear, hefts it awkwardly. Richard laughs.

                                 RICHARD
                        Or not. Here let me show you.

           She hands him the spear. He pulls tight its rubberband sling.

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s so simple a caveman could use 
                        it. In fact they invented it. Just 
                        aim the sharp point at what you want 
                        to catch and then...

           He releases and THE SPEAR SOARS -- 

           EXT. FATU HIVA - UNDERWATER - (THE PAST)

           SWISH! Richard’s spear slices through crystal blue water and 
           hits a rainbow colored parrot fish. 

           A muscular, healthy Richard free-dives across a stunning reef 
           to retrieve his skewered prey.
           SUDDENLY A SHADOW PASSES OVERHEAD

           A large sleek yacht sailing up next to the anchored MAYALUGA.

           EXT. FATU HIVA BAY - MAYALUGA - (THE PAST)

           Tami sunbathes on the bow of Richard’s humble ship, flipping 
           through the Ship Log of his solo sails before she met him. 

           Each page is filled with incredible watercolors and sketches 
           of people and places from his adventures spanning the globe.

           Tami is enamored with his artistry. But she lingers longest on 
           the last WATERCOLOR: a rendering of her at the waterfall. 

           She’s startled out of her reverie by --

                                 CHRISTINE (O.S.)
                        Tally Ho, Tami! 

           The fancy yacht drops anchor alongside, dwarfing MAYALUGA in 
           size. British flag flying: The HAZANA and the Cromptons.

                                 TAMI
                        Christine, Peter? What brings you two 
                        to the middle of nowhere?

                                 PETER
                        You kidding? There’s nowhere we’d 
                        rather be.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        Come over! Join us for dinner.

                                 RICHARD
                        We’ll bring the main course.

           He bursts to the surface, speared fish still wriggling as --

           INT. HAZANA - DECK - TWILIGHT - (THE PAST)

           CLOSE ON: the same fish on a table, grilled to perfection. The 
           centerpiece of a gourmet spread. Laughter and wine flow freely.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        So Richard, when did you start sailing?

                                 RICHARD
                        Since I can remember really.

           He unpins a small military pendant from his shirt collar. 
                                 RICHARD
                        I come from a long line of Royal Navy 
                        men. My granddad passed this to my 
                        pop, who ensured I’d continue the 
                        family legacy. Sent me to the top 
                        naval academy. Three years in I got 
                        myself kicked out. My father didn’t 
                        say much about it. In fact, after 
                        that, he didn’t say much of anything 
                        to me. 

           He twirls the pin between thumb and pointer, lost in thought. 

                                 RICHARD
                        But I always loved the sea. I guess 
                        saltwater runs in my bloodstream.

                                 TAMI
                        That how you got into boat building?

                                 RICHARD
                        Actually, I sold electronic office 
                        equipment first. Can you believe?

           He makes eye contact with Tami, this all new info to her.

                                 RICHARD
                        I was good at it too. Before I knew 
                        it I owned my own flat and more race 
                        cars than a man could possibly need. 
                        And I realized you can drown on land 
                        too... it just happens slowly.

           He shakes the weight of his old life off with a laugh.

                                 RICHARD
                        So I sold everything. Decided money 
                        can’t buy happiness... but it could 
                        build the ship to sail me close to it.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        And have you always sailed, Tami?

                                 TAMI
                        God no, I’m just starting. But I was 
                        always a water-baby. My dad’s a part-
                        time firefighter, full-time surfer. 
                        Mom’s a flight-attendant. Neither 
                        stayed in one place more than a week. 
                        They were only teenagers when they had 
                        me, which is why my grandparents 
                        stepped in to help raise me. By the 
                        time I hit MY teens I knew a 
                        landlocked life wasn’t for me. 
                                 PETER
                        It was the opposite for me, Christine 
                        had to drag me out to sea. 

                                 CHRISTINE
                        Kicking and screaming.

                                 PETER
                        More like flailing and sinking. But 
                        then I got hooked. We saved forty 
                        years to finally retire and see the 
                        world. And I have to say, for this 
                        view alone, it was worth every penny.

                                 RICHARD
                        Well I don’t have a penny to my name, 
                        yet here we are seeing the same thing. 

           They take in the stunning silhouette of the dramatic cliffs 
           framing the lagoon, a full moon reflecting across the water.

           Tami smiles, flush with the wine and Richard’s eyes drinking 
           her in. And as she raises her glass to her lips --

           EXT. HAZANA - DECK - DAWN - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami sips a near empty beer bottle, licking a final amber drop 
           dangling off its tip. It barely wets her sunblistered, salt-
           crusted lips. Only makes her thirstier.

           She chucks the bottle in a bucket of empty cans, the peanut 
           butter jar licked clean. Half the rations gone already.

           Richard WHEEZES awake. Coughing up deep fluid-filled lungs. 

                                 TAMI
                        You’re getting worse.

                                 RICHARD
                        But the weather is getting better. We 
                        must have made progress last night...

                                 TAMI
                        About 60 miles.

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s good!

                                 TAMI
                        In the wrong direction.

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s bad!

           He watches Tami pour over the nautical chart, marking positions.
                                 RICHARD
                        So where are we now?

                                 TAMI
                        Halfway between panic and desperation. 

           She opens the Ship Log, her ritual now, and writes:

           DAY 9: 1500 MILES FROM HAWAII - SUPPLIES LOW, MORALE LOWER

           Tami looks up at her stitched sail, luffing in the weak breeze. 

                                 TAMI
                        We have to find a way to go faster or 
                        you’re not...

                                 RICHARD
                        What? Gonna make it? Thanks for the 
                        encouragement.

                                 TAMI
                        It’s motivation. For me to save you.

           She trims the sail, tightens lines to better catch the wind. 
           But it’s like trying to get a napkin to power a cruise ship. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Once we cross the 19th, we can surf 
                        the Northerlies.

                                 TAMI
                        How do we know we haven’t crossed it 
                        already? We’re drifting North-West 
                        but I have no idea how far North or 
                        how far West. For all I know we may 
                        be headed toward the North Pole.

                                 RICHARD
                        Reindeer tastes good with hot sauce, 
                        right?

                                 TAMI
                        I’m serious, I need a more accurate 
                        position. But with the nav systems 
                        down and electronics out... I’m 
                        sailing blind.

                                 RICHARD
                        Not blind, you have the sun, the 
                        stars. And a compass...

           He spins the lodestone necklace he gave her.  

                                 RICHARD
                        That’s all ancient navigators needed.
                                 TAMI
                        If only I was an ancient navigator. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re capable of more than you think. 

                                 TAMI
                        I spent all night following a satellite 
                        I thought was the North Star.

                                 RICHARD
                        Well it’s a steep learning curve.

                                 TAMI
                        And we die if I don’t learn it quick.

                                 RICHARD
                        Good thing you’re a fast learner.

           He holds up his SEXTANT: the love child of a slide ruler and a 
           telescope. Tami shakes her head, intimidated.

                                 TAMI
                        I’ll never figure that out.

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t worry, its actually much more 
                        complicated than it looks.

           He tosses her the sextant and Tami catches it, sighs. 

                                 TAMI
                        We’re gonna die.

           And as she raises the navigation tool to her eye -- 

           EXT. MAYALUGA - OPEN OCEAN - DAWN - (THE PAST)

           TAMI’S POV: as she squints through the sextant’s spyglass -- 
           the rising flame red sun wobbling in and out of focus. 

                                 RICHARD
                        First find the sun. Then line it with 
                        the horizon...

           Tami fiddles with the sextant’s knobs and mirrors. It only 
           makes the image blurrier.

                                 TAMI
                        This is impossible. Why would you 
                        ever use this?

           She lowers it with a laugh, to reveal... 

           She’s on MAYALUGA. Healthy, happy. On high seas with Richard.
                                 RICHARD
                        For hundreds of years sailors found 
                        their way with nothing else.

                                 TAMI
                        Sure Magellan but you do realize we 
                        are living in the 20th century? We 
                        have weather reports, Sat Nav, radar.

                                 RICHARD
                        And what happens when all that fancy 
                        technology fails?

           Good point. Richard brandishes the sextant affectionately.

                                 RICHARD
                        This has never failed me.

                                 TAMI
                        But how do you navigate accurately? 

                                 RICHARD
                        How do you navigate through life? You 
                        have to trust your instincts, feel 
                        the swells beneath your feet. Follow 
                        the feeling no matter where it leads.  

           He pulls her close, kissing her neck, whispering in her ear.

                                 RICHARD
                        If you close your eyes and listen you 
                        will be amazed how loud the ocean speaks.

           Tami closes her eyes and melts into him, into the silence. The 
           two about to kiss...

                                 CROMPTONS (O.S.)
                        Ahoy!

           Tami and Richard pull apart laughing -- 

                                 TAMI
                        Louder than expected.

           They turn to find Christine and Peter sailing up on HAZANA.

                                 PETER
                        It appears even with a head start, 
                        we’re gonna beat you back to Tahiti!

                                 RICHARD
                        We slowed down to let you catch up.
                                 PETER
                        That so? ‘Cause if this were a race, 
                        we’d have to close half our sails 
                        just to give you half a chance.

                                 TAMI
                        That’s a lot of confidence from a man 
                        we’re about to overtake.

           She shares a look with Richard. Then they spring into action --

           THE RACE BEGINS!

           Working in wordless sync, they dance about the deck -- 
           trimming sails, winching ropes tight, tacking into the wind.

           Spray glistens as the hull of their sailboat rises 45 degrees  
           -- the entire ship planing over the blue skin of the sea. 

           MAYALUGA surges ahead of HAZANA

           Tami and Richard pushing to the limits of its speed. The two 
           sailboats race each other toward the rising sun. And if you’ve 
           never sailed before, never understood the appeal of it... 

           The speed and beauty of this moment will be a baptism. 

           Because there is no other feeling in the world like this.

           Life RUSHES PAST in a blur of blue and gold, sky and sea. Till 
           Tami and Richard are no longer racing the Cromptons, or even 
           the wind... they are one with it. 

           This is what it feels to be free.

           And like all things, it is fleeting...

           Richard loosens the sheet-lines, easing out the sail, slowing 
           the ship -- its planed hull slapping back into the sea.

                                 TAMI
                        What are you doing? We’re losing them.

                                 RICHARD
                        Maybe I want to get lost.

           HAZANA knifes ahead -- MAYALUGA no match for its extra sails 
           or sleeker keel. Richard and Tami are clearly the better 
           sailors, but the Cromptons captain the better ship. 

           They salute as they pass, Peter dipping his hat in respect as 
           they leave Tami and Richard in their wake.

                                 RICHARD
                        Now... where were we?
           He steps up behind Tami, takes her hands in his, raises the 
           sextant, guiding her through her first sighting. 

                                 RICHARD
                        The best way to find where you’re 
                        going is to take things slowly.

           She responds to his touch, a navigational slow dance. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Good. Now swing this arm in an arc, 
                        rocking gently so the two touch. 

           They rock. In her viewfinder: sun and horizon align.

                                 TAMI
                        I see it! Sun, horizon. Now what?

                                 RICHARD
                        Mark the angle and time, take three 
                        sightings a day: at sunrise, noon and 
                        sunset. Triangulate where each of 
                        those lines cross... 

           He shows her how to mark their position on the nautical chart. 

                                 RICHARD
                        And that’s where you are. 

           He makes the complicated calculations sound easy. They’re not.

                                 TAMI
                        Or I could just let you navigate.

                                 RICHARD
                        And which way should I head?

           She sways flirtatiously, sliding his fingers down her hips.

                                 TAMI
                        South.

           As he slowly unties the Tahitian pareu around her waist...

                                 TAMI
                        So this is why it’s called a sextant.

           They fall to the deck, colorful cloth fluttering --

           EXT. HAZANA - DECK - STORMY SEAS - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami’s pareu flutters in stiff winds, repurposed now as a sun 
           shade over Richard in the exposed cockpit. But it does little 
           to protect him from the other severe elements.  
           Spray drenches Tami, stormy winds whip her patchwork sail, 
           which strains at full capacity... threatening to rip.

           THE OCEAN SEE-SAWS AROUND HER

           Her broken ship rocking in rough seas, grey clouds blotting 
           the horizon. A chill in the encroaching dark. 

           Tami writes in the Ship’s Log -- 

           DAY 12:  MISERY

           She slackens the sail. Repositions Richard behind the 
           cockpit’s cracked windshield. Not much, but some shelter.

                                 RICHARD
                        F-f-freezing.

           HE’S SHIVERING UNCONTROLLABLY

           Full body shakes, his face sheet white. His broken leg 
           swollen, infected. Tami kneels beside him, hand on fevered 
           head. He’s in bad shape. 

                                 TAMI
                        Jesus, you’re burning up. We gotta 
                        get you under better cover.

           Scavenging what she can, she constructs a makeshift tent out 
           of a tattered tarp. Blocking some of the waves and wind.

           She crawls in, presses her body close, trying to warm him. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I just wanted an excuse to be the 
                        little spoon.

                                 TAMI
                        Shhh, don’t talk, you need to rest.  

                                 RICHARD
                        We b-b-both know I need a lot more 
                        than that.

                                 TAMI
                        We’re getting through this. Focus on 
                        me. My voice.

           She hugs him tighter, rubbing for warmth, voice calm, steady.

                                 TAMI
                        My dad used to say “you can’t catch 
                        the wind.” When I was a kid, he would 
                        show up at my grandparents house... 
                        and I was always so happy to see him. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 TAMI (CONT'D)
                        Because I never knew when he was 
                        coming, usually it’d be months 
                        between visits. And he'd sweep me off 
                        my feet, take me surfing, promise the 
                        world to me... 

           She smiles at the memories. Bitter mixed with the sweet.

                                 TAMI
                        And then he'd leave again. He'd 
                        always leave. I love my dad... more 
                        than anyone... but it hurt too much 
                        to wait. So from then on when he 
                        came... my grandparents wouldn’t let 
                        him in. And he'd... fly... into a 
                        rage. Screaming matches. Things no 
                        little girl should ever hear.

           The tarp THRASHES wildly, the storm howling like an angry god.

                                 TAMI
                        So I’d lock myself in the bathroom. 
                        Hang my blanket off the showerhead. 
                        Turn the bathtub into a fortress. 
                        Pretend I was somewhere else, 
                        somewhere better. It’s amazing how 
                        just a thin little sheet can make the 
                        whole world disappear.

           The wind rages outside, but inside this tarp they're safe.

                                 TAMI
                        The funny thing is, it wasn’t the 
                        shouting that bothered me. It was the 
                        silence after he left. His absence 
                        was always so deafening.

           As she talks, Richard’s breathing calms. His shaking recedes.

                                 TAMI
                        Which is why I won’t let you go. 
                        Forget the storm, the wind, the waves. 
                        Focus only on surviving. This next 
                        minute, this next hour, this night.

                                 RICHARD
                        And what are you going to focus on?

                                 TAMI
                        You.

           Nothing else exists. The world condensed to just the two of 
           them, holding each other inside their flimsy fortress of love.
           INT. MAYALUGA - V-BERTH - MORNING - (THE PAST)

           Tami and Richard curl asleep, in the same spoon position 
           inside their cozy cabin. The sounds of the storm giving way to 
           the gentle lullaby of water on wood. Sunlight streams in.

           A healthy, naked Richard rises, throws the portholes open. 

                                 TAMI
                        Richard it’s too bright. 

                                 RICHARD
                        But the light is perfect right now.

           He sketches a watercolor of her in repose: a window into how 
           she appears in his eyes, rendered more beautiful than ever.

           Tami groans against the light, hair a mess, covers her face. 

                                 TAMI
                        You’re not gonna let me be are you?

           In answer he pulls the sheet off her. She looks out the porthole.

                                 TAMI
                        Are we back in Tahiti?

                                 RICHARD
                        You make that sound like a bad thing.

                                 TAMI
                        I liked it better when it was just 
                        you and me.

           She dips her fingers in his paint, watercolor-streaks his 
           cheeks. As he tackles her laughing and kissing to the bed... 

           RACK CLOSE ON Richard’s portrait of Tami --

           INT. HAZANA CABIN - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           EXTREME CLOSE ON: the same painting, only the colors suddenly 
           bleed from Tami’s head as water rises beneath, sends the 
           portrait floating past a pair of sunburnt, salt-crusted legs -- 

           Which stick out from under the sink, where Tami lies in ankle-
           deep bilge water, trying to reconnect the water tank’s power. 
           A water-logged manual open beside her.

           Nervously she touches the severed water hose’s LIVE WIRES...

                                 TAMI
                        AAAAAAH, SHIT! 

           She bangs her head on the sink. Yet lies there, GRINNING.
                                 TAMI
                        Well, we still got juice.

           She cleverly wraps duct-tape around her fingers, protecting 
           herself as she re-splices the wires together. Duct-tapes them 
           into a closed circuit. Reattaches the patched hose. 

           She stands over the sink, eyes closed, a silent prayer. Then 
           she twists the faucet knobs and... 

           NOTHING NOT EVEN A DRIP

           Tami rushes to the bathroom, tries the shower. Same thing. 

           And now she slumps, total defeat. Head in her hands. Until --

           THE SHOWER SPUTTERS! 

           Tami opens her mouth to the spout like a disciple awaiting 
           holy water. At first a trickle of liquid salvation...

           WHOOSH! A geyser of brackish muck BLASTS HER in the face. 

           And then the shower DIES forever. Tami wipes her sludge 
           stained face then...

           RIPS THE SHOWERHEAD RIGHT OFF THE WALL!

           All her rage at her helpless situation exploding out of her. 

           She catches her reflection in the mirror -- the complete 
           antithesis of her watercolor portrait: haggard, hair 
           dreadlocked, eyes bloodshot and wild. She SMASHES it.

           And that act releases something powerful inside of her...

           Screaming in pure animalistic abandon, Tami lays waste to the 
           cabin, releasing all fear and emotion. The showerhead her 
           weapon. And something positive comes from her destruction...

           A HIDDEN STORAGE LOCKER

           Appears behind a smashed wood panel. One Tami didn’t know 
           exists. It stops her in her tracks. She touches its padlock.

           WHAM! WHAM! Tami hammers the showerhead against the lock. 
           Harder and faster. Not giving up till the lock SHATTERS.

           She drops the showerhead (though the hammering noise strangely 
           continues...) And tears open the locker. 

           Inside she finds: a box of cuban cigars, two bottles of 
           champagne, a small FIRE AXE and --

           A RIFLE
           Polished barrel sleek and seductive. She lifts it curiously. 

           As she studies it, the hammering gets louder, more insistent, 
           building into a DEAFENING DRONE. Tami covers her ears.

                                 TAMI
                        Great, my migraine's now as loud as a 
                        jet engine.

           And then, over the thrum, she hears Richard shouting.

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami... TAMI! A PLANE! 

           Tami looks up through the deck hole at the blue sky where...

           A HANDWRITTEN TITLE APPEARS -  DAY 17: RESCUE?!?

           ...Suddenly A MILITARY PLANE soars through the title scrawl.

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - CONTINUOUS - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami vaults on deck, diving for the box of emergency flares 
           stashed in the dry bag under the cockpit locker as --

           THE PLANE BUZZES OVERHEAD 

           Tami fumbles with the flare gun, doesn’t know how to load the 
           flares. Hands shaking. The plane passing...

           In desperation she abandons the gun, grabs a HAND FLARE. 
           Ignites it from the wrong end! Flames shoot out at her...

                                 TAMI
                        Fuuuuuck!

           She drops the flare, nursing her scorched hand as... the plane 
           soars past... the flare rolls across deck and --

           WHOOSH! Sets the corner of her patchwork sail on fire! 

                                 TAMI
                        NO!

           Panicked, she stamps out the ﬂames before they spread. Richard 
           disappears choking in a cloud of smoke. By the time it clears --

           The plane is a far-off glint of sun on metal. 

                                 TAMI
                        NO NO NO!

           She finally loads the flare gun. BOOM! An orange starburst 
           streaks skyward. But it’s too late. 
           The plane never dips a wing. Another blink... it’s gone.

                                 TAMI 
                        How could it not see us!

           She sinks to her knees in despair. Richard tries to cheer her.

                                 RICHARD
                        You certainly lit a big enough 
                        bonfire. We could’ve made s’mores.

                                 TAMI
                        This isn’t funny. WE’RE GONNA DIE OUT 
                        HERE!!

           The force of her raw panic catches them both off-gaurd.

                                 RICHARD
                          (direct, tough love)
                        We might yes.

                                 TAMI
                        Jesus, you’re supposed to talk me off 
                        the ledge... not shove me over.

                                 RICHARD
                        You’d rather I lie? 

                                 TAMI
                        No... maybe. YES! Tell me we’ll make 
                        it. Tell me we’ll be ok. Yes... LIE!

                                 RICHARD
                        Denial doesn’t help us survive. The 
                        fact we saw a plane is a miracle. But 
                        the chances it saw us... 
                          (shakes his head)
                        From up there we’re just another 
                        whitecap. 

           He takes Tami’s burnt hand, gently wraps it in his shirt.

                                 TAMI
                        Or maybe we’re not here at all...

                                 RICHARD
                        How do you mean?

                                 TAMI
                        What if this isn’t real? This is 
                        purgatory and we’re already dead. 

           Richard suddenly presses his thumb painfully into Tami’s burn. 
           She reacts, SLAPPING him hard. Richard doesn’t flinch.
                                 RICHARD
                        Pain means your alive. Exhausted, 
                        dehydrated, delirious... but not dead. 
                        Not yet, not while I can help it.

                                 TAMI
                        But you can’t help, can you? You 
                        can’t do anything but lie there and 
                        get worse and make me feel helpless.

           She backs away, hand throbbing, still angry. She drops into 
           the black pit of the cabin as Richard calls after...

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami, wait.

           He crawls after, every inch pure agony.

                                 RICHARD
                        TAMI!

           OVER the sounds of a large crowd CHEERING --

           EXT. PAPEETE HARBOR, TAHITI - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Richard chases Tami through a large crowd lining the streets 
           of Papeete harbor. It’s Bastille Day: a parade of colorful 
           food and craft vendors and even more colorful revelers.

           Tami and Richard are the only ones not celebrating... locked 
           instead in a heated fight.

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami. TAMI! Slow down.

                                 TAMI
                        I’m just speeding up the inevitable.

                                 RICHARD
                        At least let me catch up emotionally.

           He catches her. She pulls free. The aggression and finality 
           with which she does sets Richard back.

                                 TAMI
                        We were always going to split, better 
                        we do it quickly.

                                 RICHARD
                        So that’s it. We’re done?

                                 TAMI
                        We never started. 
                                 RICHARD
                        I see. Why ruin a good thing before 
                        it gets better, right?

                                 TAMI
                        Let’s not make this harder than it 
                        has to be. Look we had fun...

                                 RICHARD
                        But you’re a wind queen. 

           They stand in the center of a swirling crowd, inches away yet 
           miles apart. Tami removes his lodestone, hands it back.

                                 RICHARD
                        Whatever you’re running from, it 
                        isn’t me.

           Emotional, Tami turns to leave. But Richard won’t let her.

                                 RICHARD
                        Wait. If we’re laying it all bare... 
                        it’s only fair I get to speak.

                                 TAMI
                        Richard please, just let me...

                                 RICHARD
                        What, leave? I told you I don’t give 
                        up easily. See I think you’re scared. 
                        I think it’s easier to say NO because 
                        no has a definite end... where yes 
                        extends forever. And maybe it’s 
                        better we walk away now... while we 
                        like each other enough to not ruin it 
                        by getting to know each other better. 
                          (takes her hand)
                        Or maybe we follow this feeling, tear 
                        up the maps, embrace the wild panic 
                        of the unknown. Who knows, maybe 
                        we’ll find we like each other more.

                                 TAMI
                        And if we don’t. 

                                 RICHARD
                        THEN break up with me. But not before 
                        we find out. Not before we break each 
                        other’s hearts... or fill them 
                        completely. I mean Jesus, Tami, we’re 
                        only just having our first big fight.

                                 TAMI
                        A clear sign this isn’t working.
                                 RICHARD
                        Are you kidding? This is the best 
                        part! If we didn’t fight, I’d be 
                        worried. Everyone thinks 
                        relationships should be smooth 
                        sailing on calm seas... but that's 
                        bullshit. Love is a hurricane. 

                                 TAMI
                          (sarcasm)
                        Wow, that’s the most romantic thing 
                        I’ve ever heard. 

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s the truth. I don’t want safe. I 
                        want someone who challenges me, 
                        pushes me to the brink... 

           He pulls her close like a magnet. Tami doesn’t want to resist.

                                 TAMI
                        Well if our fights are this intense, 
                        imagine the make-up sex.

           Richard laughs, ties the lodestone back around her neck. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Come sail the world with me.

           Now it’s Tami’s turn to laugh.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m serious. 

                                 TAMI
                        You want to be trapped together on a 
                        tiny ship? I’ll drive you crazy.

                                 RICHARD
                        You do already.

           He pulls her into a kiss. Then pulls her to a nearby tourist 
           stall, where he spins a kitschy SOUVENIR GLOBE of the world. 

                                 RICHARD
                        We’ll chase the summer to New 
                        Zealand, the Great Barrier Reef, Sri 
                        Lanka, the Andaman Sea... where you 
                        can swim with wild elephants on a 
                        deserted beach. 

                                 TAMI
                        Not fair, how can I possibly say no 
                        to swimming with elephants?
                                 RICHARD
                        You can’t. And after that the 
                        Maldives, Madagascar, Mozambique. 
                        I’ll take you on safari in South 
                        Africa, show you my old stomping 
                        grounds. We’ll make our own horizon. 

                                 TAMI
                        And when we’ve exhausted this journey 
                        how do you know you won’t be 
                        exhausted with me?

                                 RICHARD
                        I don’t. 

           Tami stares into his eyes, like a diver probing the deep.

                                 TAMI
                        Shit. 

           She throws her arms around him as the crowd swirls past -- two 
           small lives... drifting together... in a sea of stories.

                                 TAMI
                        Now I have to keep sailing with you.

           As they kiss, PUSH IN on the globe behind them. Where the vast 
           blue of the Pacific Ocean suddenly RIPPLES like real water -- 

           EXT. OPEN OCEAN - GOD’S VIEW - <THE PRESENT> 

           A tiny HAZANA slices through the same endless blue. Tami a 
           busy ant on its white deck, growing larger as we PUSH DOWN...

           Red hand-scrawled words come into view...

           DAY 22:  S.O.S.

           Tami finishes the last oversized letter, using lipstick like a 
           pen to write her cry for help onto salvaged planks of plywood.

           Which she now lashes to the side of the ship, then sets adrift. 

                                 RICHARD
                          (waking up, very weak)
                        What are you doing?

                                 TAMI
                        Making us more visible.

                                 RICHARD
                        And slowing us down. You realize 
                        you've just created more drag, right?
                                 TAMI
                        You’re a drag.

           She goes to him, a wicked grin. Time for some light revenge.

                                 TAMI
                        Though there is one benefit to you 
                        being paralyzed... 

           She applies the last of her lipstick to his sun-burnt lips.

                                 TAMI
                        Don’t resist, it’s moisturizing. Plus 
                        rose red is a pretty color on you.

                                 RICHARD
                        I prefer pink flamingo.

                                 TAMI
                        And I think maybe I prefer women... 
                        because I'm suddenly more attracted 
                        to you than I've ever been before. 

           She kisses him playfully, his lipstick smearing her face.

                                 RICHARD
                        If we’re putting on make-up, does 
                        this mean we’re making up?

           He pulls her close, suddenly extremely serious.  

                                 RICHARD
                        When my soul was in the lost and 
                        found, you came along to claim it. I 
                        didn't know just what was wrong with 
                        me till your kiss helped me name it.

           Tami looks at him suspiciously, a hint of mischief in his eye. 

                                 RICHARD
                          (slow building, sing-song)
                        Now I'm no longer doubtful of what 
                        I'm living for. And if I make you 
                        happy I don't need to do more...

           Tami bursts out laughing as Richard bursts into full diva song.

                                 RICHARD
                        'Cause you make me feel! You make me 
                        feel like a natural woman.

           Tami joins in, loud and liberated, the first real moment of 
           levity since her stranding --
           EXT. PAPEETE HARBOR - TAHITI - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Aretha Franklin’s cover of “Natural Woman” blares from the 
           marina store’s speakers -- where Tami and Richard load a 
           month’s worth of supplies and personal gear onto the MAYALUGA.

           They dance down the dock, swept up in the romance of the 
           adventure ahead. As they lift their last box... 

           Tami spots the Cromptons on a nearby pay phone. She waves to 
           them. Only instead of waving back...

           The phone slips from Christine’s fingers, a silent pantomime 
           of unspeakable grief -- more jarring juxtaposed against the 
           upbeat music drowning out her sobs.   

           As Christine crumples, Tami and Richard rush over.

           INT. HAZANA CABIN - LATER - (THE PAST)

           Mascara streaks down Christine’s cheeks as she whirlwinds 
           through the cabin, frantically packing suitcases. 

           Tami and Richard sit with Peter at a beautiful koa wood table, 
           overwhelmed by the opulence of HAZANA’s interior... and the 
           desperation of their friends.

                                 PETER
                        Our flight out is in the morning. 
                        Hopefully we’ll make it back to 
                        London before Christine’s mother...

           He looks to his distraught wife with concern. 

                                 RICHARD
                        When will you be back?

                                 PETER
                        I’m not sure honestly.

                                 RICHARD
                        And Hazana?

                                 PETER
                        Well that’s the problem... slips are 
                        expensive in Tahiti. We planned to 
                        sail her back to England but now... 
                        well we’re in a bit of a spot. 

                                 TAMI
                        Is there anything we can do to help?

           Peter shares a look with Christine. She launches in. 
                                 CHRISTINE
                        Sail Hazana to San Diego for us. 

           Tami reels back, not what she expected. Christine’s desperate.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        Peter has a nephew who runs a shipyard 
                        there and you know that harbor. We 
                        know it’s a big ask. You have your 
                        trip planned... in the other direction 
                        ... and we don’t want to derail that.

                                 PETER
                        But we need experienced sailors who 
                        we trust to deliver our ship safely. 
                        You took such good care of her, we 
                        know you’ll treat her as your own.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        And we’ll pay you for the trouble. 
                        Ten thousand delivery and first class 
                        tickets back here to Tahiti.

           This sets Tami and Richard spinning. In opposite directions.

                                 TAMI
                        We’re flattered by the offer. It’s 
                        too generous, unbelievable really. 
                        And as much as we want to help...

                                 RICHARD
                          (kicks her under the table)
                        As badly as we could use the money.

                                 TAMI
                        It’s a big responsibility. This ship 
                        is your baby...

           Before Tami can say no, Christine kneels before her, pleading.

                                 CHRISTINE
                        And as its mother, it will bring me 
                        great comfort to know that as my 
                        mother sails into the next world... 
                          (she chokes up)
                        Hazana will be sailing too.

           She takes Tami’s hands, firm, pleading, not letting go. As 
           Tami turns to Richard, conflicted, blue eyes staring --

           EXT. HAZANA - HIGH NOON - <THE PRESENT>

           E.C.U: on Tami’s thousand yard stare. Blue eyes squinting 
           against a blistering sun. Which bakes down on an ocean as flat 
           as a skillet. The heat unforgiving. 
           Tami sweats under her make-shift tent. Skin baked and peeling. 
           Clothes tattered near shreds. She scrawls in the Ship’s Log: 

           DAY 25: NO WIND, NO WATER, NO FOOD.

           She glances at Richard who’s asleep beside her: a ghost of 
           himself, thin with hunger and infection, leg gangrened. 

           Carefully she unwraps the gauze... and recoils at the sight. 
           Can’t bring herself to look as she redresses the rotting leg. 

           Then she takes stock of their remaining supplies. Nothing left 
           but one tin can and a depressing amount of hot sauce.

           Tami lifts the last drop of liquid glinting in their last beer 
           bottle. Licks her blistered lips. Desperately thirsty. 

           Then she looks at Richard, guiltily. It takes every ounce of 
           strength she has to lower it.

           Still that sunlit golden liquid beckons like a corona 
           commercial. Tami stares at it. Then Richard. Debating...

           Greedily she drinks the last drop. A moment of deep pleasure. 

           Then she leans down and kisses Richard, sharing the precious 
           liquid with him. He WAKES.

                                 RICHARD
                        You let me sleep all night again...

                                 TAMI
                        And all day. And all another night.

                                 RICHARD
                          (groans, disoriented)
                        Next time wake me when we hit Hawaii. 

                                 TAMI
                        We’re only 700 miles out... I hope.

           She opens the final can of food. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Our last? 

                                 TAMI
                        Don’t worry, we have plenty.

           She pulls out a block of Spam. Offers Richard the pale meat.

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s more important you eat.

                                 TAMI
                        I did already while you were asleep. 
           A lie. And Richard knows it. But Tami forces the food on him. 
           Richard chews painfully, lips blistered and bleeding. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I thought when you’re starving 
                        everything is supposed to taste 
                        delicious.

           He grimaces, forces it down. Tami stares ravenously at the 
           unappetizing meat. Richard stops eating.

                                 RICHARD
                        We don’t have food for both of us to 
                        reach Hawaii, do we?
                          (Tami won’t meet his eye)
                        Unless it was only one...

                                 TAMI
                        What are you saying?

           Richard just stares, dead serious. The truth self-evident.

                                 TAMI
                        No, no way. Not an option. 

                                 RICHARD
                        My back’s shattered. My leg rotting. 
                        I’m dead weight.

                                 TAMI
                        We’re not talking about this! You 
                        WILL eat everything I feed you.

                                 RICHARD
                        And when we run out of food?

                                 TAMI
                        Then I’ll eat you.

           Richard laughs in spite of himself, hands up in surrender.

                                 RICHARD
                        I always knew you were fattening me 
                        up for slaughter. 

           She bends over and kisses him tenderly. Then nibbles his lip.

                                 RICHARD
                        Owww.

                                 TAMI
                        Mmmh, tasty.

           As she drops down for another kiss --
           EXT. PAPEETE HARBOR - TAHITI - NIGHT - (THE PAST)

           Tami kisses Richard on a silvery beach, a candlelit picnic 
           spread out. A harvest moon reflecting across the water.

                                 RICHARD
                        I don’t know why I even have to 
                        convince you. This is a milk run. On 
                        a million dollar yacht. 

                                 TAMI
                        What about hurricane season?

                                 RICHARD
                        It officially ends this week. Plus 
                        San Diego is home, I can meet your...

                                 TAMI
                        No! I don’t want to go backwards. I 
                        only want to go forward. With you.

                                 RICHARD
                        And we will. In three weeks. That’s 
                        all it will take to deliver Hazana. 
                        And with the money we make, we can 
                        live ten months together at sea. 

                                 TAMI
                        Or let’s go now. Cast off the lines, 
                        pull the anchor. Make our own horizon.

           There’s an intuitive fear beneath this that Richard calms. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I ever tell you what Mayaluga means?
                          (Tami shakes her head)
                        It’s Swazi for “one who goes over the 
                        horizon.” My whole life I felt like 
                        there was always something missing. 
                        That if I could just reach that 
                        line.... cross it...

           He trails off, twisting string in his hands as he talks.

                                 RICHARD
                        But when you’ve been adrift at sea 
                        too long, there is no greater feeling 
                        than finally spotting land. It’s the 
                        same feeling that washed over me when 
                        I first saw you... 

           He takes her hand in his, blue eyes unwavering.

                                 RICHARD
                        Arrival. Safe harbor. 
                                 TAMI
                        You’re trying really hard to get me 
                        to deliver this ship with you.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m trying to build a life with you.

           And now he slips the string onto her finger. Tami looks down 
           to find he’s knotted it into a simple, yet elegant ring. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami, marry me.

           She just stares at the ring, stunned speechless.

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s a true lover’s knot. The harder 
                        you try to pull them apart the 
                        tighter they get.

                                 TAMI
                        Richard I... I...

                                 RICHARD
                        A yes extends forever.

                                 TAMI
                        I don’t want to be anchored... by 
                        anything.

                                 RICHARD
                        Me neither! I promise I will never 
                        hold you back, never stop you from 
                        chasing the wind. We will cross the 
                        horizon together. 

           Tami struggles with this, everything she’s run from, 
           everything she’s tried to resist...

                                 TAMI
                        Shit. 

           ...just like her lodestone, everything points to him.

                                 TAMI
                        Now I HAVE to marry you.

           She tackles him in a passionate sandy kiss. Rolls him halfway 
           to the water. All of a sudden it starts to RAIN. 

                                 TAMI
                        See? God disapproves of this union.

                                 RICHARD
                        No, in Tahiti rain is a blessing.
           And as they continue to kiss in the downpour --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - NIGHT - <THE PRESENT> 

           Rain pours down in driving sheets, drenching Tami as she 
           rushes around the ship in a state of jubilation.

           HANDWRITTEN TITLE -  DAY 30: DROWNING... IN FRESH WATER!

           Tami collects rain in every empty bottle, tin can and 
           container she has. She’s ingeniously repurposed her pareu into 
           a catchment system, pooling rain like a sieve into a bucket. 

           Tami gorges the fresh water eagerly, drinking like her life 
           depends on it. Choking in her haste but not stopping.

           In fact she raises her hands to the sky and spins, laughing 
           and crying. Tears of relief mixing with the baptismal rain.

           She brings water to Richard. Once he starts its hard to stop. 
           But in his weak state even the act of swallowing exhausts him.

           He closes his eyes as the rain rhythmically ricochets and Tami 
           strokes his hair in her lap. A whisper of regret:

                                 RICHARD
                        We should’ve never...

                                 TAMI
                          (finger to his lips)
                        But we did.

                                 RICHARD
                        All of this... is my fault.

                                 TAMI
                        It’s mine. I should’ve never said yes.

                                 RICHARD
                        To sailing this ship?

                                 TAMI
                        To sailing with you in the first place.

           Richard chuckles... but it turns into a VIOLENT COUGH. And 
           once he starts its hard to stop. Tami watches, concerned...

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m fine, don’t worry about me. You 
                        need to hurry, collect as much water 
                        as you can before this passes. Use 
                        the wind to gain speed.
           Tami doesn’t want to leave his side, but he’s right, she can’t 
           waste this opportunity. She rushes to the wheel, sheets the 
           sail to maximize the wind, HAZANA surging through the swells. 

           Tami stands exposed to the elements, wild wind in her wild 
           hair. No longer victim but captain of her destiny. Getting  
           stronger ever as Richard gets weaker. 

           And as she spins the wheel hard around --

           EXT. PAPEETE HARBOR, TAHITI - MORNING - (THE PAST)

           The spinning wheel comes to a stop as Tami steers HAZANA away 
           from Harbor out toward open water. Richard raises the sails.

                                 RICHARD
                        By the time we reach San Diego, 
                        you’ll be a better sailor than me.

           The Cromptons wave from the docks, bags packed, taxi waiting. 
           As they glide past MAYALUGA, Richard blows a kiss to his 
           beloved ship. A bittersweet moment. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I feel like I’m leaving my wife for a 
                        younger, sexier mistress.

                                 TAMI
                        Except you’re leaving with you’re 
                        incredibly sexy bride to be.

           Richard wraps his arms around Tami as the beautiful yacht 
           slices toward deep blue sea. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Both you and this ship are outta my 
                        league. 

                                 TAMI
                        That’s why I’m demoting you.

                                 RICHARD
                        To what?

                                 TAMI
                        Deckhand.

           Grinning she slaps a deck brush in his hand. He laughs.

                                 RICHARD
                        We haven’t even left and already a 
                        mutiny?
                                 TAMI
                        Not as long as you keep your captain 
                        happy.

                                 RICHARD
                        Fine by me, you handle all the 
                        responsibilities while I...

           He baits a fishing troll line, then casts it off the stern. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Focus on enjoying myself immensely.

                                 TAMI
                        Wanna wait ‘til we’re actually at sea?

                                 RICHARD
                        First real lesson in your captain 
                        training? Always have a line running, 
                        you never know what you might catch.

           He runs the tackle through his fingers, thick fishing line 
           unspooling underwater behind the ship as -- 

           EXT. HAZANA - UNDERWATER - <THE PRESENT>

           CLOSE ON: a school of Mahi-mahi, swimming lazy circles around 
           the fishing line, sunlight glinting off their rainbow scales. 

           HANDWRITTEN TITLE -  DAY 33: STARVING

           A “NET” SUDDENLY SCOOPS IN

           Richard’s palm-frond hat lashed to an oar. The fish dart away 
           as the handmade contraption fails miserably at catching them. 

           PAN UP: to find Tami, leaning way out over the water, trying 
           desperately to nab a meal with growing frustration.

                                 RICHARD
                        You’ll never catch anything like 
                        that. Take the spear. Dive in...

                                 TAMI
                        The water? That’s not happening. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Starving is a worse way to die than 
                        drowning.

           But Tami isn’t listening, predatory eyes locked on the slowest 
           Mahi. Which swims to the surface, right past her...

                                 TAMI
                        I’m convinced they’re taunting me.
           ...SWISH! Lightning fast she sweeps her net down and -- 

                                 RICHARD
                        I’ll be damned.

           Tami pulls up the Mahi! It thrashes wildly in her hat-net. 

                                 TAMI
                        Ha, so much for drowning!

           Only her victory is fleeting. Under the fish’s weight the 
           bottom of the hat SPLITS OPEN at the seams. The fish SPLASHES 
           back into the sea. And Tami in her desperation to grab it...

           LOSES HER BALANCE!

           Richard watches in horror as... SHE FLIPS OVERBOARD.

           UNDERWATER 

           Tami somersaults in a burst of bubbles, eyes wide in shock. 
           Momentarily disoriented. Unsure which way’s up or where she is. 

           But she quickly recovers, kicks for THE SURFACE...

           And breaks through in a dead panic.

           HAZANA is already fifty feet away and drifting fast! Tami 
           SCREAMS for Richard but knows he can’t move to help her.

           WHAM! Something slams her from behind. Tami freaks as --

           A long dark shape glides past... covered in lip gloss?? 

           It takes Tami a second to realize it’s her S.O.S. sign. And 
           that second is one second too long...

           Frantically, she tries to grasp the slick laminate, but it 
           slides right through her fingers. And is gone.

           Tami puts her head down, swimming as hard as she can. But with 
           each GASP the ship appears to leap ahead, widening the gap. 

           Despair envelops Tami. This is it, she’s gonna drown. And then --

           A GLINT CATCHES HER EYE

           A sparkly rubber fishing lure floating by at the end of its 
           line. In desperation Tami grabs for it, fishing line slipping 
           through her fingers. She’s about to lose this too when...

           THE HOOK HARPOONS HER HAND!!

           Tami only has a second to SHRIEK in agony, before the momentum 
           of the line TORPEDO-DRAGS her underwater behind HAZANA. 
           A trail of blood swirls behind Tami as she hauls herself, hand 
           over hand, back to the ship. Struggling not to swallow water.

           She reaches the stern, spent from the swim. Only the ladder is 
           missing. Tami hauled it up earlier for Richard’s stretcher.

           Tami panics. 10 feet below deck, dangling from a fishing line. 

           Again and again she tries to pull herself up. Again and again 
           she fails. Clinging to the side of the ship. Crying. Defeated. 

           AND THEN SHE SEES RICHARD

           Physically frail yet unflinching. Somehow he’s managed to drag 
           himself to the edge of the ship. Even in anguish, he jokes.

                                 RICHARD
                        Of all the fish in the sea. 

                                 TAMI
                        I... I just... I can’t get up.

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t be selfish! If you drown, who’s 
                        gonna take care of me? 

           His humor cuts through the severity, focuses Tami.

                                 RICHARD
                        Either pull yourself up or pull me in. 

           Strength in his smile. Motivation. Tami summons her last 
           reservoir of energy, then screaming, hauls herself up --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - DAY - (THE PAST)

           Tami hauls on a line, biceps straining as she hoists Richard, 
           swinging out over the sea in a BOSUN’S CHAIR (the sailing 
           equivalent of a rope-swing: see PHOTO on page 106).

           He skims the surface, feet kicking like he’s dancing across 
           the waves. Pure glee as he swings fast and wide, Tami 
           controlling his height and speed. Dipping him occasionally.   

           Magically now, a pod of SPINNER DOLPHINS appear, surfing the 
           ship’s wake. Leaping acrobatically out of the water all around 
           Richard. So close dorsal and fingertips almost touch.

                                 TAMI
                        If I’m a Wind Queen, you’re the Wave 
                        King!

           Richard laughs, happier than Tami’s ever seen. A communion 
           with nature so pure and joyful it leaves them both breathless.
           The dolphins criss-cross beneath, then with a final flip, they 
           slip back into the deep. Tami hauls him in, Richard splashing 
           her with water as he swings over the deck. 

           In revenge Tami releases the rope, dropping Richard suddenly --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - DAY - <THE PRESENT>

           WHAM! Tami hits deck, lies next to Richard, wet and gasping. 

                                 RICHARD
                        The first fish you reel in isn’t 
                        supposed to be yourself.

           Tami nurses her hand, fishing hook still splayed through her 
           palm. She grimaces in pain. Steels herself to yank it out...

                                 RICHARD
                        DON’T! Not like that. 
                          (points to the jagged end)
                        It’s barbed. It’ll cause more damage.

           He’s right, but what other options does she have?

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re gonna have to pull it all the 
                        way through. Then cut the line.

           Tami stares at him: you can’t be serious? 

                                 RICHARD
                        While you’re losing blood... let’s 
                        assume, for the sake of this and all 
                        our future arguments, that I’m right. 

           Tami grabs the hook, closes her eyes, and in one sickening 
           HOWL, pulls the hook the rest of the way through her hand.

           She blinks against the pain, her vision spinning dizzily.

           Richard slides her a knife and she slices the now crimson 
           fishing line below the hook. Chucks it aside. And then...

           SHE PULLS THE LINE BACK THROUGH THE WOUND

           Collapsing at last on her back beside Richard in agony.

                                 TAMI
                        I swear... the second we get off this 
                        damn ship, I’m never eating sashimi.
           INT. HAZANA CABIN - DAY - (THE PAST)

           CLOSE ON: a glistening platter of sliced sashimi. Richard sets 
           it before Tami as she works a jigsaw puzzle at the koa table. 

           She eats happily as he fillets a fresh caught ahi at the sink. 

                                 TAMI
                        I’m starting to piece it together... 
                        and I’m pretty sure you tricked me. 
                        You made sailing the world sound sooo 
                        romantic. You failed to mentioned how 
                        BORING it can be.

                                 RICHARD
                        Too late, you already agreed to marry 
                        me. Till the doldrums do us part...

                                 TAMI
                        It sure feels like we’ve been 
                        drifting for an eternity. 

                                 RICHARD
                        And what better way to spend eternity 
                        than sex and sashimi?

           He feeds her a raw piece. Then nibbles her ear, her neck. 

           She pulls him into a deep kiss. Then pushes him onto the 
           table, puzzle pieces scattering as they devour raw flesh.

           The moment is broken by an emergency broadcast on their RADIO. 

                                 AUTOMATED REPORT
                        BEEEEP! This is an emergency weather 
                        broadcast: 15 hours, 9 minutes 
                        coordinated universal time. Tropical 
                        Depression Raymond upgraded to 
                        Hurricane, category 3. Currently at 
                        12°N and 107°W, heading west at 120 
                        mph. Increasing strength and speed. 

           It comes in distorted. Static. Tami adjusts the frequency but 
           still only catches bits and pieces. Radio on the fritz.  

           Richard moves to their Nav Station. Flips on the Crompton’s 
           expensive radar system. Gets a pixilated swirl of yellows and 
           reds over a map of the Pacific Ocean. 

                                 TAMI
                        Should we worry?

           Richard studies it a moment -- as the image jitters and 
           freezes. SHORT-CIRCUITS. Richard slaps the monitor, annoyed.
                                 RICHARD
                        The only thing we should worry about 
                        is getting the bill for all this 
                        useless equipment.

           But Tami’s not convinced. Richard pulls her close, unconcerned.

                                 RICHARD
                        It’s a thousand miles from here, 
                        it’ll die long before it reaches us.

                                 TAMI
                        To play it safe, let’s adjust course.

           She draws a new sailing route on their nautical chart.

                                 TAMI
                        Cut higher north, give the storm a 
                        wide berth. What do you think?

                                 RICHARD
                        I think you make a better captain 
                        than me.

                                 TAMI
                        This could be a good thing. If we're 
                        lucky the winds will finally pick up.

                                 RICHARD
                        Speaking of getting lucky...

           He sweeps her up, headed back to the table. Tami laughing.

                                 TAMI
                        No no, the bed. 

           Richard pivots, stumbles toward the V-berth, playfully over-
           selling how “heavy” Tami is. He’s never gonna make it... 

           They collapse on the bed, disappearing in the tangled sheets --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - VARIOUS - <THE PRESENT>

           Bed sheets wrap tightly around Richard as Tami tries to keep 
           him from shivering... even though the sun bakes down on them. 

           She tips a bottle of rainwater to his lips. But he’s too weak 
           to lift his head. Most of the water dribbles down his chin.

           Tami herself looks exhausted, barely able to stand. She opens 
           the Ship’s Log and with great effort scratches a new entry:

           DAY 35: NOT DEAD BUT WANT TO BE
           She lies next to Richard. Side by side the two are a shocking 
           juxtaposition: him bundled up, her stripped down. 

           Yet both too weak from hunger to move.

                                 RICHARD
                          (a whisper)
                        No Tami, you have to get up.

                                 TAMI
                        Too tired... 

                                 RICHARD
                          (louder, more urgent)
                        Get up Tami.

                                 TAMI
                        Let me be. 

           She closes her eyes, for what feels like just one second, for 
           the first time letting herself drift... 

                                 RICHARD 
                        GET UP! NOW!

           Her eyes flutter open and... to her surprise... it’s NIGHT???

                                 RICHARD 
                        Listen to me, you have to move. Have 
                        to eat.

           But Tami’s eyes are so heavy. A struggle to keep them open.

                                 TAMI
                        I just need to rest another minute. 

           Her eyes close again for another second. But Richard won’t leave 
           her in peace. His VOICE in her ear, louder now, commanding.

                                 RICHARD 
                        TAMI! 

           Her eyes flash open, blinking against blinding sun. DAY AGAIN?!

                                 RICHARD 
                        Get up now or you never will again. 
                        Take the spear. Get in the water. 

                                 TAMI
                        I can’t go back in there.

                                 RICHARD 
                        Then you’ll die.

           The hard truth. Tami knows he’s right and yet... 
           For a disturbingly long beat she just lies there. Unmoving. 
           Unsure she’s able, or willing, to rise again.  

           But then... with every shred of willpower she has left... Tami 
           slowly peels herself off the deck... 

           Lifts the spear. Stands staring at her own reflection in the 
           mirror surface of the sea --

           EXT. OCEAN - UNDERWATER - <THE PRESENT>

           SPLASH! Tami plunges into a blue so deep it’s terrifying. 

           She tugs a rope around her waist to make sure it’s secure, 
           then swims under the ship toward the lazy school of mahi-mahi.

           To her surprise, the same fish who escaped her net swims right 
           up to her, almost eye to eye. An innocent curiosity. 

           Tami aims her spear at it, hand trembling. To her surprise, 
           instead of fear... the fish nibbles at the tip! 

           Squeezing her eyes shut, Tami pulls the sling taut and -- 

           EXT. HAZANA - DECK - CLOSE ON

           THUNK! The Mahi-mahi thrashes violently, gills gasping, tail 
           thumping the wood like a death drum. 

           Tami stands dripping on deck, conflicted by the triumph and 
           tragedy of her catch. She averts her gaze.

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t look away, look closely...

           He watches mesmerized as the silvery scales cycle through an 
           iridescent shiver of colors. The lifeblood draining out.

                                 RICHARD
                        Even in death there can be beauty. A 
                        final transformation.

           With a last gasp, the fish settles to a vivid blue-green. 
           Richard stares transfixed. A serene state of acceptance.

                                 RICHARD
                        You think I’ll die as beautifully?

                                 TAMI
                        You're NOT dying.

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami...
                                 TAMI
                        You’re LIVING beautifully. Until you 
                        are old and bed-ridden remembering the 
                        mai-tais we drank together in Hawaii.

                                 RICHARD
                        I prefer this memory: you against a 
                        sky no one has ever seen. A color 
                        that belongs to just you and me.

           He touches Tami’s face, turns hers gaze up to the sky. Which 
           is undergoing its own transformation: the setting sun igniting 
           the clouds in a stunning watercolor of oranges, pinks and red--

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - SUNSET - (THE PAST)

           A paintbrush sends a red streak of clouds across a canvas sky. 
           Richard sits on the bowsprit watercolor painting the sunset. 

           Tami joins him, two champagne glasses in hand. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Wow champagne, what’s the occasion?

                                 TAMI
                        It’s tradition to celebrate the 
                        midpoint of a crossing.

                                 RICHARD
                        Makes sense, why celebrate beginnings 
                        or endings when you can toast the 
                        middle of nothing.

           They clink glasses, gaze out at the impressionist sky, a blood 
           red sun melting into the mirror-reflection of itself in the sea.

                                 TAMI
                        Who needs Van Gogh? Nature is the 
                        greatest painter. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You’re right... I’m switching to 
                        photography.

           He replaces paintbrush with Polaroid. Snaps a portrait of Tami 
           against cotton candy clouds. Recites an ancient maritime rhyme. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Red sky at night, sailor’s delight.

                                 TAMI
                        But red sky in morning, sailor take 
                        warning. This is just the calm before 
                        the storm.
           She points at a bank of clouds looming in the distance like a 
           black avalanche. Atop the mast the anemometer (wind indicator) 
           starts spinning like mad as the sails billow in a hard breeze.

                                 TAMI
                        Damn hurricane is hunting us. 

           She traces the zig-zag course of HAZANA over the past few days 
           steadily overtaken by the relentless red of Hurricane Raymond.

                                 RICHARD
                        We can still outrun it, tack south 
                        again, try to skirt the eye... 

           He cranks the wheel 180 degrees, Tami ducking under the 
           swinging boom as she works quickly to turn the ship around.

           WIDE-SHOT

           HAZANA hooks a dramatic U-turn away from the encroaching storm.

                                 RICHARD
                        With the wind at our backs, hopefully 
                        we’ll avoid the brunt of it. But 
                        we’re still gonna hit rough seas.

                                 TAMI
                        You’re not worried?

           He laces his fingers in hers, twirls the lover’s knot ring.

                                 RICHARD
                        People think they have control over 
                        their lives, but it’s an illusion. 
                        The only control we have is who we 
                        choose to sail with... and the 
                        direction we choose to drift. 

           He lifts his GUITAR. Strums softly. Nothing fancy, yet great 
           beauty in the simple melody. His voice humble, raw, emotive. 

           He soothes Tami’s nerves with Tim Buckley’s “Song to the Siren”.

                                 RICHARD
                        Long afloat on shipless oceans 
                        I did all my best to smile
                        'Til your singing eyes and fingers 
                        Drew me loving to your isle

           We are witnessing the intangible: in the way Tami watches him, 
           the subtle tremble of his voice, the magnet of their eyes -- 

                                 RICHARD
                        And you sang 
                        Sail to me sail to me 
                                 (MORE)
                                 RICHARD (CONT'D)
                        Let me enfold you 
                        Here I am here I am 
                        Waiting to hold you

           -- this is what it feels like to fall in love. And as Tami 
           drifts closer into Richard’s arms...

           LIGHTNING FLICKERS behind them in the distance --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - NIGHT - <THE PRESENT>

           A flash of lightning illuminates Richard, head in Tami’s lap, 
           mumbling in his sleep, incoherent fever dreams. She strokes 
           his hair, sings to him. The same song now an acappela lullaby:

                                 TAMI 
                        Did I dream you dreamed about me?
                        Were you here when I was gone?

           He looks so pale in the moonlight, so fragile as he sleeps.

                                 TAMI
                        Now my foolish ship is leaning 
                        Broken lovelorn on your rocks

           The ship’s bow slices through swirling phosphorescence. The 
           surface a rippling galaxy of shooting stars. 

                                 TAMI
                        For you sing
                        Touch me not touch me not
                        Come back tomorrow
                        Oh my heart oh my heart 
                        Shies from the sorrow

           Tami lowers her lips to his ear. A soothing whisper. As she 
           sings Richard sighs softly, nightmare breaking. 

                                 TAMI 
                        Hear me sing 
                        Swim to me swim to me 
                        Let me enfold you 
                        Oh my heart oh my heart 
                        Is waiting to hold you.

           She kisses him softly. Stares out at the ethereal fog rolling 
           in. She opens the Ship’s Log past a month of entries. Writes:

           DAY 38: ADRIFT

           Now she curls next to Richard, rocking with him to the gentle 
           rocking of the ship. As she drifts off to the hypnotic sway...

           The boat’s gentle see-saw suddenly INTENSIFIES. 
           A dagger of light knives out of the darkness, startling Tami 
           wide awake as...

           A MASSIVE CARGO FREIGHTER

           Materializes out of the haze. Bearing straight down on them. 
           On a direct collision course. Tami can’t believe her eyes.  

           She scrambles for the survival kit, trembling hands slipping 
           on its wet zipper as she struggles to get it open.

           Every second counts...

           SCREAMING, Tami yanks the zipper apart with her hands, flares 
           tumbling out. She grabs the gun. Lifts it overhead and --

           CLICK. The hammer falls on an empty chamber.

                                 TAMI
                        Shit shit shit!

           She dives for a flare, fumbling as she desperately tries to 
           load it in the gun. She gets it at last, raises the gun again --

                                 TAMI
                          (a prayer)
                        Please.

           BANG! An incandescent flare goes up like a shooting star in 
           reverse... arcing into the wet night. 

           Tami shields her eyes as night briefly turns to day...

           500 FEET UP

           The flare peaks and begins to plummet back to Earth. From this 
           height HAZANA looks like a large piece of driftwood, barely 
           discernible from the surrounding whitecaps. And Tami’s a gnat.

                                 TAMI
                        HERE! WE’RE RIGHT HERE!

           She waves her arms wildly, jumping up and down, screaming at 
           the top of her lungs. As the first flare fizzles out...

           TAMI FIRES TWO MORE

           One after the other, aiming left and right to each side of the 
           freighter. She SHOUTS till her throat goes hoarse.

                                 TAMI
                        HELP! YOU HAVE TO SEE US! HEEEELP!

           She can barely stand on her feet, HAZANA swaying dangerously 
           in the giant ship’s bow wake. Which doesn’t slow. Cargo lights 
           big as supernovas now. The ROAR OF ITS ENGINES deafening.
           Triumph turns to terror as Tami loads the last flares. 
           Screaming now at the top of her lungs. 

                                 TAMI
                        NO STOP! You’re supposed to save us.

           In a matter of seconds they will be crushed. Tami shakes 
           Richard awake, trying to maneuver him into the life raft.

                                 RICHARD
                        What are you doing? You’re hurting me. 

                                 TAMI
                        I’m sorry, the ship! There’s no time.

                                 RICHARD
                        Ship? What ship?? There’s nothing...

           A FOGHORN blares across the dark. Too late! Tami turns, throws 
           up her hands, SCREAMING as the ship RAMS INTO THEM and --

           DISAPPEARS?!?

           A spectre of fog rushing through, the engine roar replaced 
           once more by gentle lapping. The ocean dark and placid. 

           Tami stares out into the ethereal haze. Stunned silent.

                                 RICHARD
                        It isn’t real, you’re hallucinating. 

           Tami falls to her knees, tears rushing in to fill the despair. 
           And though it's too late, though there's no point, no hope... 

                                 RICHARD
                        Tami no! Don’t waste our last...

           She loads her final flare and --

           EXT. HAZANA - OCEAN - STORM FRONT - (THE PAST)

           BOOM! Lightning flares across the sky, illuminating a thick 
           wall of black clouds. Peals of thunder rend the sky. 

           Tami’s hair rises statically as little sparks of electricity 
           sizzle off the steering wheel. Fascinated, she extends her 
           hand and the fire leaps to her fingertips, harmless as --

           A blue wave of SAINT ELMO’S FIRE pulses down the mast.

           BOOOM! A lightning bolt strikes the sea a foot off the bow 
           like a depth charge. The CRACK is deafening. 

           Suddenly the heavens tear open, a SQUALL pouring down.
           Tami lashes the wheel in a locked position and stumbles 
           soaking into THE CABIN. Where Richard SCREAMS into the radio.

                                 RICHARD
                        Mayday, Mayday. This is the sailing 
                        yacht Hazana. Do you copy?

           He gets nothing but static. Tami marks their position on the 
           nautical chart: halfway between Tahiti and San Diego. 

                                 RICHARD
                        We’re on the firing line now. We 
                        can’t outsail it anymore.

           For the first time Tami sees raw terror in his face.

                                 TAMI
                        What do we do?

                                 RICHARD
                        The only thing we can...

           He wraps her in his arms tightly. Summoning strength.

                                 RICHARD
                        Hold on tight. 

           And as the sound of the wind outside rises to a SHRIEKING WAIL --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami holds Richard tight as he WAILS in agony, sweat 
           streaming, his body convulsing uncontrollably. 

                                 TAMI
                        Hold on baby. Relax. It’ll pass.

           His shirt rides up to reveal the black and blues have deepened 
           and spread. A cobweb of internal bleeding. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You have to let me go now. You don’t 
                        need me anymore. You never did. 

                                 TAMI
                        Shhh. We’ve made it this far. We can 
                        weather this.

           His breath comes in shallow, ragged gasps. Terrifying to 
           witness. Tami massages his clenched muscles. Presses a damp 
           shirt to his head. Breathes with him, countering her own panic.

                                 TAMI
                        Stay with me, I can’t do this without 
                        you. It’ll pass. It’ll pass. 
           Almost an incantation. She’s in tears as he SEIZURES, his eyes 
           rolling back. This more terrifying than the hurricane.

           Finally Richard grows still, slips into unconsciousness. 
           Seeing him in this state causes something in Tami to break.

           She holds him, rocking slowly. Rocking away the desperate 
           reality of her situation. Rocking until everything else: the 
           stars, the ship, the shimmering sea... 

                                                            ALL FADE.

           AND THEN THERE IS ONLY DARKNESS

           And a deathly silence... 

           Slowly punctured by a rising STORM OF SOUND: the banshee 
           scream of HOWLING WIND, death groan of SPLINTERING WOOD. Heart 
           of a hurricane more felt than seen. Until --

           EXT. HAZANA - HEART OF THE HURRICANE - (THE PAST)

           TWIN FORKS OF LIGHTNING ELECTRIFY THE NIGHT

           Sizzling flashes that with each blinding burst illuminate a 
           nightmare of shadow and chaos. And suddenly...

           We are back in the beginning -- 

           More frightening in reality than any dream. More vivid than 
           we’ve previously seen.

           The sky breaks cinder grey and vicious. In the gloom, the sea 
           seethes -- a boiling caldron of fifty foot whitecaps. The 
           spray off the crests blows blinding as snow in a blizzard.

           See-sawing through the center of this category 5 perfect storm  
           sails HAZANA. Tami struggling to lower its overstrained sails.

           Richard mans the helm heroically, driving the bow into the 
           massive swells, a roller coaster ride from hell.

           It takes all his muscle and concentration to keep the ship 
           from rolling. It’s like driving a car 120 mph, off road, in a 
           hailstorm with no windshield, headlights or brakes. 

                                 RICHARD
                        I can’t hold her! You gotta get those 
                        sails down or we’re gonna roll! 

           Tami fights to uncleat the mainsail halyard as the whipping 
           rain hits like bullets, stinging her eyes, bruising her skin, 
           near impossible to see anything. And worse...
           Gallons of icy water explode over the bow, sending Tami 
           sliding across the slippery deck. Richard grabs her as... 

           CRACK! The boom SEVERS, crashes down where Tami just stood.

           The ruined sail thrashes like a flag in a tornado. Richard 
           unstraps a knife, screaming over the storm.

                                 RICHARD
                        YOU HAVE TO CUT IT!

           He fights the wheel, fighting to keep the ship upright as...

           Tami fights her way to the sail, frantically SLICES through 
           the halyard rope. The sail drops... 

           But only halfway, still WHIPPING dangerously. 

           Fingers blistered and bleeding, Tami grips the heavy cloth, 
           manually hauling it down inch by grueling inch.

           Finally with a THUD, it plunges all at once, half burying her. 
           She struggles to lash it down as MORE WAVES wash across deck. 

           Atop the mast the wind anemometer breaks free, flies into space. 

                                 RICHARD
                        You need to get below deck NOW!

                                 TAMI
                        I’m not leaving you.

                                 RICHARD
                        Don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere.

           He carabiner clips a lifeline to the ship’s rail, other end to 
           his safety harness. Where a RED STROBE pulses like a heart. 

           He tugs hard for emphasis.

                                 RICHARD
                        I’m attached to the ship. Now make me 
                        feel better and secure yourself in the 
                        cabin.

                                 TAMI
                        I am NOT leaving.

           The hull rises over a monster wave before diving into a trough 
           -- a sickening freefall that ends with a thunderous smash.

           Tami is almost thrown overboard, but Richard grabs her.

                                 RICHARD
                        Someday we’ll tell our grandkids how 
                        we surfed a hurricane. 
           He grins, false bravado, but Tami can see the fear in his eyes. 

                                 RICHARD
                        Now I can’t keep you safe up here AND 
                        steer the ship. Tami, please.

           She pulls him close, foreheads touching, eyes unwavering. The 
           ferocity of the storm pales to the intensity of their love.

                                 TAMI
                        You feel that? I’m North. You’re 
                        South. Two magnets slowly inching 
                        closer until all at once...

           She places her hand on his heart. And his hand on hers.

                                 TAMI
                        And once they’ve touched, they’re 
                        impossible to pull apart.

           As the ocean crashes in, Richard kisses her. Long and hard.

                                 RICHARD
                        I love you. But you have to wake up.

                                 TAMI
                        What?

                                 RICHARD
                        Right now. Wake up Tami. WAKE UP!

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - DAWN - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami awakes with a start, blinks her dry eyes. An effort just 
           to keep them open. Rubbing away the nightmare, she turns...

           And finds herself still nestled against Richard, somehow 
           wrapped in his arms. Comforting, peaceful.

           Above them a watercolor sunrise streaks the sky in rose and 
           gold. A WHITE TERN flies into view.

                                 TAMI
                        What are you doing so far from shore?

           The bird lands beside her. Stares at her. Direct and piercing.

           Tami reaches to touch the bird... and it flaps off. Skimming 
           across whitecaps before swooping up...

           TOWARD A DISTANT VOLCANO?!?

           Or is it just a crater of clouds? Tami sits up, squinting into 
           the morning sun which makes the ocean shimmer, mirage-like.
                                 TAMI
                        It isn’t real. You’re still dreaming.

           She slaps her cheeks. Blinks repeatedly. But the mountain 
           remains. And suddenly Tami’s on her feet, a rush of energy.

           She grabs the binoculars. Shakes the pounding migraine away, 
           zooms into focus. The clouds sit like a blanket atop...

                                 TAMI
                        Hawaii..! IT’S HAWAII! 

           She dances like a dervish, delirious. Joy at its most primal.

                                 TAMI
                        Richard look! Land Ho!!!

           She drops down beside him, ecstatic, shakes him. Only he 
           doesn’t respond. He just lies there. Statuesque. Unmoving.

                                 TAMI
                        Come on, love. Wake up. We made it. 

           But Richard isn’t breathing.  

                                 TAMI
                        Richard?! RICHARD!!

           She launches into manic CPR. Pumping his chest. Hysterical.

                                 TAMI
                        No... c’mon, baby. You promised you 
                        wouldn’t leave me again. You can’t. 

           Her tears stain his cheeks as she presses her lips firmly to 
           his. Willing him back to life with her breath.

                                 TAMI
                        C’MON! We made it. We’re here!

           And as her mouth once again meets his --

                                                            FLASH TO:

           EXT. FATU HIVA - WATERFALL - (THE PAST)

           Tami and Richard kiss for the first time beneath the 
           thunderous curtain of falling water.

           EXT. HAZANA DECK- <THE PRESENT>

           Tami pulls away, sun between their lips. She pumps Richard’s 
           lifeless chest. 
                                 TAMI
                        Come on, Richard. BREATHE!

           She drops down again, lips connecting --

           EXT. FATU HIVA - BEACH - (THE PAST)

           Their mouths crash passionately in the crashing shorebreak.

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami’s tears now cascade onto Richard’s lifeless face.

                                 TAMI
                        Wake up, please please wake up! 

           She pounds his heart. Again. Again. But he’s not coming back. 
           And Tami knows it. And for a moment she gives in. But then...

                                 TAMI
                        No. NO! You’re not one to quit 
                        easily, remember. Don’t quit on me.

           Again she pounds his chest. Again. Lowers her lips once more --

           EXT. TAHITI - VARIOUS - (THE PAST)

           --They kiss amidst the glowing embers of a beach bonfire

           --On the sunset deck of MAYALUGA, sextant falling from hands

           --In the rain on the silver sands of Tahiti, Tami’s hands on 
           Richard’s face, lover’s knot bound to her finger

           A whole story of love told through lips. Each kiss a small 
           death and rebirth. A merging of souls. And as they pull apart --  

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - <THE PRESENT>

           Tami’s lips leave Richard’s for the last time. Their final kiss.

           RICHARD IS GONE 

           And Tami -- so brave and so strong for so long -- completely 
           melts down. Raw, animalistic, indescribable grief. 

           It couldn’t get any worse. But it does...

           When Tami looks up: the island is gone too. 

                                 TAMI
                        No. None of this is real. I’m dead. 
           She spins around, no clouds, no volcano... just water in all 
           directions as far as the eye can see. Tami laughs. Manic.

                                 TAMI
                        I’m dead. That’s what this is. I’m in 
                        hell. I don’t exist. 

           She rises with dead-eyed determination. A flip switched. She 
           drops BELOW DECK. Pulls the RIFLE out of hiding. Loads shells. 

           Now she climbs back TOPSIDE. Sits next to Richard, SHAKING 
           uncontrollably. The pain just too deep. 

                                 TAMI
                        I’m sorry Richard. I know you want me 
                        to be strong but I...I can’t anymore. 
                        Not without you. It’s not worth it.

           SHE CRAMS THE BARREL IN HER MOUTH (all this really happened)

           It RATTLES against her teeth, hands trembling violently. Tami 
           bites down. Closes her eyes. Just as she squeezes the trigger...

                                 RICHARD
                        You are strong.

           His frail hand stops her. He’s alive!? But barely. Tami 
           blinks... but how??? He smiles at her, blue eyes so piercing.

                                 RICHARD
                          (a ragged whisper)
                        You have to be. You’re my Wind Queen.

           And though it takes every ounce of energy he has left, Richard 
           lifts her hand in his, finger pointing --

                                 RICHARD
                        Who else can raise an island from the sea? 

           And as Tami follows his gaze...

           HAWAII EMERGES from the horizon: closer, clearer, undeniable. 

                                 TAMI
                        It’s real. Richard, we made it!

                                 RICHARD (V.O.)
                        No love, you made it. Without me.

           When she looks back at Richard... 

           HE’S GONE

           No body, no sign of him, nothing but his red Aloha shirt 
           wrapped around a pile of life-jackets. 
           And now the tears come. In the past ten seconds Tami has 
           almost killed herself, saved herself... 

           And lost the love of her life. 

           She opens her mouth to SCREAM -- but only the inhuman WAIL OF 
           A HURRICANE comes out. Building to deafening pitch as...

           The truth Tami’s fought so hard to deny COMES ROARING BACK --

           EXT. HAZANA DECK - STORMY SEAS - (THE PAST) 

           The wind ROARS like a jet engine thrown in reverse. Punishing 
           pillars of whitewater pummel the deck.

           We are back in the black heart of the hurricane. 

           Back in Tami’s nightmare. Back where we left off. Tami and 
           Richard holding each other, heads touching, hands on hearts.

           As the ocean crashes in, Richard kisses her. Long and hard.

                                 RICHARD
                        Love is a hurricane. This one will 
                        never tear ours apart.

           Tami holds on him, eyes probing his blue depths. He nods, it’s 
           all gonna be okay. Calm. Confident. Courageous.

           Tami slowly pulls away, dashes to the cabin. Hand on hatch.

           She turns, one last look. A whole life of love and loss: for 
           everything they had and everything that will never be.

           And as the storm only intensifies... 

           RICHARD SMILES 

           The last image of him she’ll ever have.

           Tami closes the hatch.

           INT. HAZANA CABIN - CONTINUOUS - (THE PAST)

           The second her feet touch floor, Tami experiences a bizarre 
           sudden weightlessness. The whole cabin drops.

           For a moment, time stands still. All SOUNDS BOTTOM OUT. And 
           then Tami hears it...

                                 RICHARD (O.S.)
                        Oh. My. GODDDD!

           Suddenly everything happens in an instant: 
           --A mountainous wave crashes in with the roar of an avalanche. 

           --The cabin flips vertically 360 degrees. Floor becomes ceiling.

           --Tami smashes her head on the radar. Instant BLACK OUT.

           EXT. OPEN OCEAN - EYE OF THE STORM - (THE PAST)

           You’ve seen hurricanes before, hitting land, wind ripping the 
           roofs off houses, uprooting trees. Those are nothing to this.

           A CATEGORY 5 HURRICANE in the open ocean is a different beast. 

           140-160 mph winds, Eifel tower sized swells. HAZANA is sucked 
           like a toy up the face of a MONSTROUS WAVE... 

           THEN HURLED DOWN THE CREST!

           Instead of rolling, she flips! PITCH-POLING bow to stern.

           Richard hangs on heroically at the wheel, but the weight of 
           impact is simply too great. His safety harness SNAPS!

           RICHARD IS FLUNG INTO THE DARKNESS...

           EXT. UNDERWATER - (THE BEGINNING... AND THE END)

           A faint glow SPLASHES DOWN into the inky black...

           A red strobe light PULSING like the fading beat of a heart. 
           Richard drifts past, curled like a newborn. 

           With each flicker, he sinks deeper into the womb-like depths -- 

           Dim... dimly... dimmer...

           Until the sea swallows him whole.

           EXT. HAZANA - MAGIC HOUR - <THE PRESENT> 

           Like at the start, the liquid depths now seamlessly transform:

           INTO A PUPIL

           Center of a sea-blue eye, which blinks in EXTREME CLOSE UP.

           Tami wakes up alone amongst the wreckage of her battered ship. 
           A shadow of the vivacious girl in Tahiti. Gaunt. Haunted. 

           And yet stronger as well. Unflinching.
           She opens the Ship’s Log. Painfully flips past pages filled 
           with Richard watercolors; POLAROIDS he inserted of their time 
           together. And 40 days of her incredible survival at sea. 

           She scribbles on a blank page, her final entry:

           DAY 41: SALVATION

           As she writes -- her handwriting scrawls across frame. 

           The ﬁrst ﬁngers of dawn reveal her situation... 

           EXT. OUTER REEF - HILO, HAWAII - <THE PRESENT> 

           HAZANA drifts toward the crashing waves and jagged reef that 
           fringes Hilo Harbor. Lights twinkling less than a mile away. 

                                 TAMI
                        Didn’t come this far to die on a reef.

           She tries to steer away from the rocks but in her disabled, 
           motorless boat, the best she can manage is a controlled drift.

           She’s so close after so far... but she’s not gonna make it. In 
           a few seconds she’ll smash to bits. But instead of fighting...

           She LETS GO of the wheel, the sail, the sense she has any 
           ultimate control over her fate. She lets herself drift.

           The thunder of the surf intensifies as the sea carries HAZANA 
           toward the broken toothed reef. And then --

           A FOGHORN blares across the deep.

           The day’s first SHIP appears, cutting through the channel. A 
           200 foot research vessel, a whale next to HAZANA’s guppy.

           Tami is too weak to move quickly. Every second vital yet each 
           one passes like a small eternity:

           --Tami reaches and ignites her last hand flare... 

           --She waves it, orange smoke rises, swirling everywhere.

           --The ship glides past. Headed out to sea. It hasn’t seen her.

           Tami drops to her knees, too exhausted to weep. Orange smoke 
           enshrouding her. And then --

           THE SHIP FLASHES ITS LIGHTS

           Sounds its FOGHORN three times and... Turns straight toward her. 

           And everything Tami has been holding in, comes flooding out.    
           PUSH IN ON HER:

           As she slowly turns away from the island and stares out to 
           sea. Searching for something she knows she’ll never again see. 

           A flurry of voices ring out all around:

                                 RESCUERS (O.S.)
                        Are you alright? Are you hurt?

           But Tami’s eyes never leave the horizon. As she searches, she 
           CRIES. Stripped to the bone, raw, naked heartbreak.

           The tears stream down. Grief and joy. Salty and sweet.

                                 RESCUERS (O.S.)
                        Are you alone? Can you speak? 

           Her lips quiver, trying to answer but she’s too overwhelmed. 
           Beside her lies a human-shaped mound wrapped in an ALOHA SHIRT.

           Tami closes her eyes...

           And suddenly the rescuer’s voice becomes an echo of Richard’s.

                                 RICHARD  (V.O.)
                        Are you ALONE?

           Tami opens her eyes. Where the mound of life-jackets was --

           RICHARD NOW STANDS 

           Chiseled by wind and salt-spray, hair a messy lion’s mane. A 
           magnetism that can’t be contained. Just like when she first 
           saw him. His blue eyes lock on Tami. He smiles.

                                 RESCUERS (O.S.)
                        Are you alone? 

           Tami blinks. When she opens her eyes again, Richard’s shirt is 
           lifeless again on the life-jackets. But Tami is smiling too.

                                 TAMI
                        I was never alone. 

           And here is her real truth: though Richard died 41 days ago, 
           Tami survived. Not to save Richard... but for him. 

           Because of him. 

           His love is what got her through it.

           She stands on her ravaged ship, as a blur of rescuers swirl 
           around her. Spinning the lodestone around her neck. 

           It points back out to sea.
           EXT. MAYALUGA - TAHITI - DAY - <3 WEEKS LATER>

           Liquid sunlight dances across water, the lush green peaks of 
           Mo’orea reflected in the mirror surface of the sea.

           POLAROIDS drift into frame... first one... then a steady 
           stream floating past, separated by flower petals and leis.

           Snapshots of Tami and Richard together. In love in Tahiti. 

           A floating flipbook of their tropical romance.

           PAN UP: to ﬁnd Tami, scars not fully healed, but looking 
           healthier, stronger. Steel forged by fire. Haloed by sunset.

           She stands on the deck of MAYALUGA. Richard’s ship. Their 
           ship. Anchored in the secluded lagoon where they first met.

           Tami sets a final photo afloat: 

           --The day of Richard’s proposal. Foreheads pressed together, 
           hands intertwined, admiring her lover’s knot ring.  

                                 TAMI
                        You told me love is a hurricane. But 
                        you were wrong... it’s a horizon... 

           She unties the lover’s knot ring from her finger. Reties it 
           around Richard’s favorite red Aloha shirt. 

                                 TAMI
                        That extends forever. That for us 
                        will never end. 

           Her tears ripple across the water... 

                                 TAMI
                        You’ve gone across it now. But we 
                        will meet there again.

           She sets his shirt adrift now... 

                                 TAMI
                        So I’m gonna pull the anchor now. 
                        Cast off the lines. Drift. Because 
                        I’ve stopped worrying where I’m 
                        headed...

           She clasps the lodestone around her neck. 

                                 TAMI
                        For I know as long as I’m out there, 
                        you will be too.

           She watches his shirt drift out toward the golden horizon. 
           UNDERWATER 

           The polaroids hand suspended in blue, their many memories 
           spinning like spirits returning to their final resting place.

           And as they drift into the deep --

           CARD #1: IN 1983, TAMI OLDHAM AND HER FIANCE RICHARD SHARP 
           SAILED INTO THE EYE OF A CATEGORY 5 HURRICANE: ONE OF THE 
           STRONGEST EVER RECORDED IN THE PACIFIC.

           An ANCHOR rises. Breaking the surface as Tami hauls it on deck. 

           CARD #2: AGAINST ALL ODDS AND THROUGH SHEER FORCE OF WILL, TAMI 
           SAVED HERSELF BY SAILING 41 DAYS TO HAWAII. LOVE KEPT HER ALIVE.

           Tami expertly raises the sails, which fill instantly... 

           CARD #3: LOST IN THE STORM, RICHARD WAS NEVER SEEN AGAIN.

           The paint-chipped name of Richard’s ship pulls away, MAYALUGA,  
           “one who goes over the horizon”. Only now Tami is at the helm.

           CARD #4: THREE WEEKS AFTER HER SURVIVAL AT SEA, TAMI RETURNED 
           TO TAHITI. TO RICHARD’S SHIP. TO FULFILL THE PROMISE THEY MADE.

           The sunrise ignites her hair with golden fire. Wild wind in 
           her eyes. Salt-spray on her cheek. Resilient. Alive. Free.

           CARD #5: ONE YEAR LATER TAMI GOT HER CAPTAIN’S LICENSE. 

           She steers a path toward open sea... a slow smile spreading. 

           CARD #6: TEN YEARS AFTER LOSING RICHARD, TAMI FOUND LOVE 
           AGAIN. TODAY SHE LIVES IN THE SAN JUAN ISLANDS WITH HER 
           HUSBAND, ED ASHCRAFT, AND TWO BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTERS.

                                                        FADE TO BLACK.

           FINAL CARD: TAMI NEVER STOPPED SAILING...

           OVER CREDITS:

           We show ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE of the real Tami arriving in Hawaii 
           on the wrecked HAZANA.

           POLAROIDS of Tami and Richard together in the Marquesas.

           EXCERPTS from the Ship’s Log of Tami’s incredible journey.

           Finally we end on footage of the real Tami Oldham Ashcraft 
           today. 56 years young. Strong. Beautiful. Still sailing.

                                                             THE END.
         	

         	
                     WRITING IN THE REAL SHIP’S LOG 

                                                                      	
                                       	

                                                                    	
                                       	
                                                                    	
                     HAZANA BEFORE THE HURRICANE 
                                                                    	
                  HAZANA & TAMI AFTER THE HURRICANE 

                                                                  	
                                                                    	
                       FATU HIVA – THE MARQUESAS 
                                                                    	
                              RICHARD SHARP 

                                                                    	
                TAMI OLDHAM ASHCRAFT (WITH SEXTANT) 
                                                                  	
                  WAVE KING SWINGING IN BOSUN CHAIR  

                            SONG TO THE SIREN  
                                                                   	
                            ON DECK OF HAZANA 

                             INSIDE THE CABIN  
         	
                                                                    	
                                       	

                                                                     	
