                            A LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY

                                        by

                                  Nick Yarborough

           contacts
           Allard Cantor/Jarrod Murray
           Epicenter Management 

           nickyarbs@gmail.com
           nickyarborough.com
                                                        OVER BLACK.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am a Kennedy. Rosemary Kennedy. 

           Her voice is sometimes slow, as though searching for the 
           right word in the middle of a thought.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        It’s September. Twenty-Six. 1941. 

           Sometimes too fast, a manic search for the right words:

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am going to do my best, but I am 
                        not good at writing a lot. And your 
                        letter is the first of four or five, 
                        so this is going to be a lot. I have 
                        to finish them soon, but they have 
                        to be good. Especially dad’s. His 
                        will have to be really good. I will 
                        need a lot of help for that one.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - NIGHT

           A twenty-three-year-old woman with chestnut brown hair, soft 
           emerald eyes, and chubby cheeks sits behind a desk in an 
           otherwise empty classroom. This is ROSEMARY KENNEDY.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am doing my best not to cry. 
                        Kennedy’s don’t cry. I know I have made 
                        mistakes, but I do not want to leave.

           The soft tattoo of her pen whisking across paper and the TICK 
           of a clock over a chalkboard are the only audible sounds.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I need your help.

                                                             BLACK.

                     LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO SISTER MARGARET

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Dear Sister, I think I have come 
                        very far, especially since meeting 
                        you. It was a long road. I was not 
                        like my brothers and sisters. There 
                        were problems. Since I was born.

           QUICK SHOTS:
           (Note: All of the letters will be told in montage, like 
           flashes of memories.) 

           -- A three-story frame house sits in the middle of a suburban 
           neighborhood lined by identical homes and old oak trees.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Eunice told me later they think it was 
                        because Dr. Good was late, and the 
                        nurse did not know what to do with me. 
                        Most people do not know what to do with 
                        me, so I am not upset with her.

           -- A woman SHRIEKS from the bedroom on the top floor.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        They did not know anything was wrong 
                        at first.

           -- A tall, lean man of thirty years paces before a wooden 
           staircase. Two maids stand at opposite walls. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Not even dad.

           -- He wears an impeccable blue suit and owlish glasses upon 
           his stern, worried visage. This is JOE KENNEDY.

           -- THUNK. The nursemaid descends the staircase with the 
           newborn infant. A wave of relief spreads over the room.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I wish I remembered it so I could 
                        know. I am so bad at remembering 
                        things. It is my biggest problem.

           -- Joe Kennedy gently receives the infant from the nursemaid, 
           he cradles his firstborn daughter with a smile.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Mother said they were very excited 
                        for a daughter. They already had two 
                        sons. Joe Jr. was first:

           -- A profile picture of a handsome man in a naval uniform 
           with a square jaw, bearing a resemblance to his father.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Then Jack.

           -- A presidential portrait of John F. Kennedy. Known to his 
           family as Jack, but who will later become JFK to America.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Then me. Their daughter. Rosemary.

           -- A picture of Rosemary in her twenties in a white gown 
           within Buckingham Palace.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I was not like my brothers. Or 
                        my parents. Or most people.

           -- A four-year-old Rosemary struggles with walking. She takes 
           three wobbly steps forward, then falls to the carpet.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I was slow.

           -- On a snow covered hill, Joe Jr. and Jack race their sleds 
           down, the brothers laughing all the way to the bottom.

           -- Jack looks up to see Rosemary at the crest of the hill, 
           trying to figure out how to steer the sled without falling.

           -- She immediately falls, and the sled crashes into a tree.

           -- Her mother, ROSE, stands nearby, and watches her with a 
           disappointed glare, then sends a maid to help.

           ROSE KENNEDY is a petite woman of thirty-four-years with 
           stern, birdlike features and a personality of unyielding 
           ambition only equaled by her husband.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        They said I was a moron.

           -- In a first grade classroom, thirty kids race to spell out 
           the alphabet at their desk. They all finish in near perfect 
           unison and drop their pencils. CLACK. CLACK. CLACK.

           -- Rosemary looks down at her paper, where she is still 
           trying to figure out what comes after the letter “E”.

           -- A shadow falls over her face, and Rosemary’s big green 
           eyes tilt up to find her TEACHER towering over.

           -- The eyes of every other student then slowly turn to stare, 
           and Rosemary’s face fills with embarrassment.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        They made me take a special test, 
                        because I was so far behind.

           -- Rosemary sits completely alone, working on a standardized 
           test: various math, grammar, and logic problems.  
           -- TICK. TICK. Rosemary’s not even close to finishing. She 
           looks up to the clock, then to the teacher, who sits behind 
           her desk with arms crossed and an exasperated expression.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        The test said I was a moron, and it 
                        made dad very angry with me.

           -- Joe and Rose sit in the classroom with the teacher, who 
           has a chart with scores and corresponding labels:

           ON THE BINET TEST CHART

           -- Numbers align beside labels: “Moron”, “Imbecile”, “Idiot”. 

           -- A red circle around “moron” next to Rosemary’s score.

           -- Joe buries his face in his hand, as Rose exhales a sigh.

           -- Rosemary bites her bottom lip. Her eyes veering between 
           her parents and the teacher. Confused by the results.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I tried so hard. 

           -- POP. The FLASH of a camera, as the young Joe Jr. and Jack 
           are awarded gold medals.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I could never keep up.

           -- Back in the Kennedy home, Rose gazes upon a blue ribbon 
           that reads “1st Place. John Fitzgerald Kennedy”. 

           -- And pins it amongst a wall filled with DOZENS of ribbons 
           and awards in a trophy room dedicated to family achievements.

           DOWNSTAIRS

           -- Rosemary works in a bedroom converted into a classroom 
           with a TUTOR.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I tried. I tried so hard though.

           -- Rosemary copies down the numbers and letters, leaving 
           problems blank that she doesn’t understand.

           -- Most of the problems are blank.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I remember dad wanted to send me 
                        away back then.
           -- Rosemary sneaks into her parents’ enormous master bedroom 
           with a paper that has a big red “B” across the top.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But mom would not let him.

           -- She suddenly overhears arguments coming from the 
           connecting bathroom. Along with bits of the heated argument:

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am not sure that is what will 
                        happen now.

           -- The words: “Something has to be done”, “Rosemary is not-”, 
           and “I won’t do it, Joe!” 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I prayed to God for help.

           -- On the oak nightstand, two leaflets with the titles: 

           -- “Brookline Institute Literature” and “Massachusetts School 
           for the Feeble-Minded”.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And He sent my sister. He sent Eunice.

           -- Another infant SCREAMS, as a nurse delivers the next child 
           in the expanding Kennedy clan. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        My miracle.

           -- A six-year-old Rosemary cradles her infant sister Eunice. 
           She fills with pride. Her big green eyes and chubby cheeks 
           wet with tears.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        So I am asking for help again. I do not 
                        want dad to send me away somewhere 
                        worse. I am very sorry for running 
                        away, but I can’t leave again.

           -- As maids and servants bustle to and fro, Joe and Rose 
           stare upon their Kennedy family of five as proud parents.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I need another miracle.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I hope it can be you.
           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - NIGHT

           Back to the opening shot. A twenty-three-year-old Rosemary 
           alone in the empty classroom. She sighs, drops her pencil. 

           KNOCK. KNOCK.

           She jumps in her seat, stands, pockets the letter, then 
           nervously turns to answer the call at the door behind her.

                                                             BLACK.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - SISTER MARGARET’S OFFICE - 
           MOMENTS LATER

           A wrinkled hand lights and puffs a cigarette until a cloud of 
           smoke hovers around her. The wrinkled hand waves away the 
           smoke to reveal a nun in habit, with blue eyes and thin lips.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        May I offer you one, Mr. Kennedy?

           A placard at the front of the sixty-five-year-old nun’s desk 
           similarly announces her name. 

                                 JOE 
                        No, no thank you. Not with the vast 
                        data damning such vices, and which 
                        you may very well want to seek out 
                        for your own in the near future.

           The nun tilts her head at the condescending remark uttered 
           with the distinct Boston accent belonging to the now fifty-
           three-year-old Joe P. Kennedy. His hair thinner and demeanor 
           colder than just seen in the flashbacks.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Yes, me and the Sisters of Sacred Heart 
                        Convent...just a house full of vices.

           Joe smirks, turns away from the fireplace at the east wall, 
           and sits in one of the two leather chairs across her desk.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Mr. Kennedy, before she arrives, 
                        I’d like to believe that we may be 
                        able to resolve this issue without 
                        raising our voices at Rosemary and 
                        making matters worse.

           Sister Margaret lowers her cigarette to an ash tray upon the 
           desk, self-consciousness after his remark.
                                 JOE
                        Let’s cut to the point. What is 
                        your strategy for solving this, 
                        Sister? This is the second time 
                        Rosemary has escaped, which means 
                        measures were not taken on your 
                        behalf the first time--measures we 
                        pay you a good deal of money to 
                        apply--and which has prompted my 
                        arrival to fix and apply where you 
                        have failed.

           A cold, awkward silence expands between the wealthy Kennedy 
           patriarch and the elderly nun. Then:

           KNOCK. KNOCK. From the door behind them. Neither the nun nor 
           Joe breaks eye contact, until:

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Come in.

           Rosemary nervously stands at the door’s threshold.

                                 JOE
                        She said come in, Rosemary.

           Rosemary steps inside, softly shuts the door. Nervous.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary, your father and I need to 
                        discuss with you--

           Joe points a stern finger to the other leather chair, and 
           Rosemary sits. Sister Margaret bites her tongue, then:

                                 JOE
                        Rosemary, in simplest terms, if this 
                        happens again--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Mr. Kennedy, please!

           Joe pauses at the admonishment, tempers his tone, nods.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Your family and I want to help you, 
                        Rosemary. But we cannot do that if 
                        you are running away every chance you 
                        get. I can certainly understand why a 
                        young girl would want to go out and 
                        socialize--and dance, meet boys, but 
                        you have to understand Rosemary--
                                 JOE
                        That you are not like the others. 
                        You are a Kennedy. You are 
                        representing our hopes for the 
                        future. Your mother’s. Your 
                        brother’s. Your sister’s--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And mine.

           Rosemary finally tilts her gaze away from the floor toward 
           her father, who simply shakes his head.

                                 JOE
                        I did not come here for a debate. I 
                        came here for a solution. And when 
                        I return, we will have one.

           He retrieves his bowler hat, stands, and moves for the door.

                                 JOE
                        And I hope you will too, Sister.

           His hand pauses on the doorknob, twists it open. He stands 
           there, as though about to conclude with the last word...

           WHAM, but just slams the door without saying goodbye.

           A moment later, the sound of Rosemary’s soft sobs capture the 
           Sister’s attention.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary, please, we are going to fix 
                        this. He is a man with a lot on his mind. 
                        Now, you running away isn’t helping but--

           Rosemary SPRINTS out the room, and a nun waiting outside 
           catches her, calms her down, holding her tight.

           Sister Margaret rubs her temples with a weary sigh. 

           She reaches down, reclaims her cigarette, and inhales a deep 
           drag before letting the smoke waft around her.

           Then looks to the fireplace where Joe just stood...

           ...and suddenly tosses the cigarette into the fire.

           INT. WILLARD INTERCONTINENTAL WASHINGTON HOTEL - LATER

           Alone in the sanctuary of his luxury hotel room, Joe lights 
           up a cigar, inhales, and indulges in the thick smoke.
           A chandelier above saturates the spacious room in soft yellow 
           light. He sits on a plush mattress with wide windows on the 
           wall behind him that offer a gorgeous view of Washington D.C.

           He removes his trademark owlish glasses and sets them atop 
           the oak nightstand, where he then picks up the telephone.

           Dials. RING. RING....RING. Finally, the other line answers.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Hello, husband. Have you spoken 
                        with her?

           Joe speaks into the phone with a more vulnerable tone, one 
           never to be heard in public:

                                 JOE
                        Her and the chain-smoking nun both.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        And short of converting the convent into 
                        a prison, what is Sister Margaret’s 
                        proposal to stop Rosemary from 
                        gallivanting around our nation’s capital?

                                 JOE
                        Nothing of note. She is an incompetent.
                           (pauses)
                        I have some ideas that we shall 
                        discuss tomorrow though.

           A concentrated silence expands across the line. Then:

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        We are not sending our first-born 
                        daughter away, Joe.

                                 JOE
                        Nor will we risk this family’s 
                        future on the chance that she 
                        becomes pregnant or says someth--

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Joe!

           Her stern tone steadies his rising anger. Silence. Then:

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Have you seen Kick or Jack?

                                 JOE
                        No. They need not know I’m here.
           Joe’s eyes are distracted by something on the night stand. He 
           picks up a small square card and rolls it in his palm.

                                 JOE
                        Though perhaps I’ll stop in on 
                        young Jack come to think of it.

                                 ROSE
                        I’ll call Eunice. She can...talk to 
                        Rosemary. She knows what to say.

           Joe’s eyes remain locked on the card in hand. 

                                 JOE
                        I have an early meeting tomorrow, 
                        Rose. I’ll call again after.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Goodnight, Joe. I love yo--

           CLANG, Joe hangs up on his wife, exhales a sigh, and 
           extinguishes his cigar in the nearby ash tray. 

           He looks at the card once more, studying the name:

           ON THE CARD:

           “DR. FREEMAN. PROFESSOR OF NEUROLOGY, GEORGE WASHINGTON 
           UNIVERSITY.”

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - ROSEMARY’S ROOM - NIGHT

           Rosemary sits at a desk in her dorm room, comprised of a wood 
           desk and mattress, writing another letter.

           A few framed pictures are on the desk, along with various 
           textbooks, but otherwise the room reeks of cold sterility. 

           On the opposite side of the room is a setting of similar 
           furnishings for her roommate. 

           KNOCK. KNOCK. Rosemary answers her bedroom door to find:

                                 GLORIA
                        Should I be looking for a new roommate?

           Rosemary quickly shuffles her friend GLORIA into the room and 
           shuts the door behind her, shaking her head.
                                 ROSEMARY
                        Quiet you. You’re gonna get us both 
                        kicked out of here.

           Gloria plops herself upon Rosemary’s bed and grins up beneath 
           long blonde hair. She is of the same twenty-three years as 
           Rosemary, though a sense of mischief radiates from her being.

                                 GLORIA
                        They’re not seriously gonna send you 
                        away are they? For running away with 
                        me once? Do they know I was with you?

           Rosemary returns to her desk, rubs her head from a migraine.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        No...but dad’s not happy with me. If--

                                 GLORIA
                        You think my dad is? Why do you 
                        think he sent me here? No dads are 
                        happy with their teenage daughters.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        You’re a normal troublemaker though.

           Rosemary throws down her pencil, rubs her forehead.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I am not.

                                 GLORIA
                        Well, little troublemaker, I think I 
                        know someone who might cheer you up.

           Rosemary’s big green eyes widen with undisguised excitement.

                                 GLORIA
                        A certain someone who wants to see 
                        a certain troublemaker tonight...

           Rosemary blushes a bright pink hue that she cannot hide.

                                 GLORIA
                        Oh, there it is. She’s blushin--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Gloria!

           The two giggling schoolgirls suppress their laughter at the 
           sound of a CREAK, CREAK that stops just outside the door.

           Both worried they have been caught. But then:
           CREAK, CREAK, the footsteps resume in the opposite direction.

                                 GLORIA
                        You’re not staying in. You’re 
                        coming with me to see him. I’ve had 
                        enough of this moping from you.

           Rosemary shakes her head, sets down her pencil.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        If I get caught again, I’m cooked. 
                        And then you will have to find a 
                        new roommate.

                                 GLORIA
                        Rosemary, you know I love you.

           Gloria walks forward to stand over Rosemary’s shoulder.

                                 GLORIA
                        But you’re not going to feel any 
                        better sitting here getting 
                        frustrated by homework. Let’s go 
                        out. It’ll be good for you.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        This look like homework? I’m 
                        writing, Gloria.

           Rosemary uncomfortably shifts from Gloria’s words. Relents.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I’m--I’m writing to everybody. My 
                        family. To make sure dad doesn’t do 
                        anything to me...and since he won’t 
                        even talk to me. 

           Rosemary then sheepishly turns to ask:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Would--would you mind looking ‘em 
                        over when I’m done? For spelling 
                        and the right words. 

           Rosemary swallows a lump in her throat, holding back emotion.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        So I don’t look stupid.

           Gloria tilts up Rosemary’s chin to stare into her big eyes.

                                 GLORIA
                        What’s in it for me?
           A slow grin creeps across Rosemary’s cheeks.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I’ll go again tomorrow night.

           BAM, Gloria pounds the desk with a triumphant fist, as 
           Rosemary shushes her between giggles.

           A second later, Gloria kneels and looks over the current 
           paper, already covered with various proofreading marks.

                                 GLORIA
                        Who’s the next recipient?
                           (off her confused look)
                        Who are you writing to now?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Mom.

           Gloria returns Rosemary’s pencil. She sets the sharpened end 
           to the paper to finish writing.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        She’ll know what to do.

                                                             BLACK.

                      LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO ROSE KENNEDY

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Dear Mother, I have just met with dad. 
                        I am worried, and I need your help.

           -- The exterior of the new Kennedy Compound in Bronxville  
           resembles something closer to a castle than a home:

           A twenty-room Georgian brick house of red brick and white 
           columns set across five acres of gorgeous landscape.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        You always know what to say. What 
                        to do.

           -- The Kennedy clan has extended to eight children that now 
           sit at the incredibly long dining room table.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Even though I do not believe I am 
                        the daughter that you ever wanted.

           -- Joe sits at the head with Joe Jr., Jack (now teenagers) 
           and his two daughters after Rosemary:
           -- Kathleen “KICK” Kennedy. Nine-years-old and already 
           bearing a strong resemblance to her mother along with the 
           same pronounced jawline that marks her other siblings. And:

           -- EUNICE Kennedy. Eight-years-old and already developing the 
           gawky frame below an enormous smile that will define her. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        You have always been the help I needed.

           -- Eunice sits next to the now-eleven-year-old Rosemary. The 
           two having developed a close bond even at this early age.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        You and Eunice both.

           -- Maids descend down upon the long table, serving plates of 
           chicken and broccoli.

           -- CLINK, a maid sets down Rosemary’s plate, and while the 
           other children are cutting up their food...

           -- Rosemary’s food has already been cut.

           -- Her mother shares a tacit nod with the delivering maid.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        To help me keep up with the family.

           -- THWACK, Rose whacks a tennis ball to Rosemary on the 
           opposite side of the court in the Kennedy vacation home.

           -- Rosemary swings and misses.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        To spend the time when no one else would.

           -- THWACK, Rose whacks another ball to her daughter.

           -- Rosemary runs, swings, and hits back nothing but air.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Hitting ball after ball after ball.

           -- THWACK, THWACK, THWACK, Rose keeps hitting the tennis 
           balls. The sun starting to set against the drab horizon.

           -- Over fifty tennis balls line the back wall behind 
           Rosemary’s side. Only four or five on Rose’s side.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Even when I got mad. Too mad. 

           -- Rosemary swings, THWACK, and hits the ball...
           -- Only to hit the dividing net in the center.

           -- WHAM, Rosemary THROWS her racket against the fenced wall.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I knew it would be OK if you were there.

           -- Three MAIDS suddenly rush the court to grab the thrown 
           racket and try to comfort Rosemary.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I feel silly when I remember how I acted. 
                        How I still act. Who I was. Who I am.

           -- But her frustration has evolved into a volcanic eruption. 

           -- Rosemary starts THROWING the tennis balls at the servants, 
           tears streaming down her face, her voice hoarse with rage.

                                 ROSE
                        Rosemary Kennedy!

           -- Rosemary pauses with the ball mid-air. 

                                 ROSEMARY
                           (to the servants)
                        Get Eunice.

           -- Rosemary drops to her knees. She crumples to the ground 
           and buries her face into her lap.

                                 ROSE
                        Rosemary.

           -- Rose lowers herself to one knee, tilts her daughter’s chin 
           to demand her daughter’s big green eyes stare up at her.

                                 ROSE
                        What don’t Kennedy’s do?

           -- She wipes her daughter’s tears, then wraps her in a hug.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Even when you were tough on me.

           -- The Kennedy children are lined up before a scale and chart 
           pinned to the walls. One by one, they stand upon the scale. 

           -- Rosemary steps on the scale, her face fraught with nerves. 
           She sucks in the slight potbelly around her stomach.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know it is because you wanted us 
                        to be our best.
           -- Rose leads her brood of eight children into a wood 
           burnished pew in the front of the Church.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And how God wanted us to be our best.

           -- Each child kneels down the row like falling dominoes.

           -- Until it reaches Rosemary. Eunice nudges her elbow.

           -- Rosemary looks, then quickly kneels like her siblings.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And that He would help if I needed it.

           -- In a small classroom (Rosemary noticeably a bit older from 
           being held back), stops in the midst of an exam, and folds 
           her hands in prayer.

           -- The teacher notices, shakes her head, but says nothing.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But that I should always rely on myself. 

           -- Rosemary works with a tutor back at home in the room that 
           has been converted into a private study for her.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And the family.

           -- A servant stands at attention besides the door, and the 
           tutor leans beside Rosemary, talking very slowly.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I think that is what has got me 
                        this far. So far. 

           -- Rose walks by, peeks her head in the door with a worried 
           expression, then continues walking with a soft smile.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Everything that you have taught me.

           -- The Kennedy children all play a variety of activities on 
           the front lawn. The boys toss a football back and forth.

           -- Eunice and Kick play a game of badminton. Competitively. 

           -- The three much younger children are engrossed in games of 
           dolls or puzzle blocks with maids across the field.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And making me smile when I needed it.
           -- Rose grabs her daughter’s hand and escorts her down the 
           street, away from the other siblings.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        All I ever want to do sometimes is 
                        run home, have you walk me across 
                        the street...

           -- At a neighbor’s home, Rosemary falls to her knees.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And play with the Blackburns’ dogs.

           -- And BURSTS out laughing. Absolute joy across her face. As:

           -- Three Great Danes and two Doberman dogs rush to meet her.

           -- Rosemary pets and rolls around with the five dogs, who sit 
           when she tells them to, and kisses the tops of their noses.

           -- Rose waves to the neighbors across the street (the family 
           that owns the dogs), and they return her wave with a smile.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know I am disappointing.

           -- At a birthday party for Rose, the mother speaks with a 
           maid in quiet whispers, which Rosemary pretends not to hear.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And why I can’t be around sometimes.

           -- A maid drives away from the Kennedy home with Rosemary in 
           the passenger seat, she looks up and watches:

           -- IN THE REAR-VIEW MIRROR:

           -- Where a line of Rolls-Royces are parked in the driveway,  
           announcing those dignified members of Rose’s birthday party.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know I upset people. Important people.

           -- Cakes, balloons, and banners decorate the exterior, as 
           politicians and businessmen begin to enter the party.

           -- The guests stop to shake hands with the Kennedy children, 
           who are lined up like little soldiers to greet the attendees.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I used to get very angry. And think 
                        it was not very fair.

           -- Except Rosemary, who is being driven away.
           -- Rosemary glances up to the maid driving her away.

           -- BAM, and suddenly KICKS the steering wheel.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I know now that a lot of things 
                        are not fair. Life is not fair. God 
                        is not fair.

           -- The maid immediately reclaims the wheel and corrects their 
           direction, then slams the brakes. ERK. Tires SCREECH.

           -- Rosemary leaps out the passenger side, running fast as she 
           can back toward her home.

           -- But the maid catches her. She wraps up the young and 
           confused Rosemary in her hands, almost wrestling with her.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And now I just want to get better.

           -- Rosemary bawls out her anger and inchoate rage, as the 
           maid rocks her back and forth, fighting tears of her own.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But if I am going to get better, I 
                        want to stay here. I wish you would 
                        remind daddy of how far we have come.

           -- Rose watches from the sidelines of the tennis court at 
           their vacation home, as:

           -- THWACK, Rosemary, now twenty, successfully strikes the 
           ball back to her sister Eunice...

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        That with enough help, I will keep 
                        getting better. Maybe enough to be 
                        normal.

           -- Back to Rosemary’s youth, where she works alone on her 
           studies, ten-years-old and confused as ever.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I need your help.

           -- Rose slowly explains how to solve the homework problem to 
           Rosemary, who nods and nods, trying to understand.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I need you to talk to dad. Or see 
                        if Jack and Joe Jr. can help.
           -- Joe Jr., Jack, Kick, and Eunice are working as a team in a 
           sailing competition against other families in a country club.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am writing to them, too. 

           -- BHHHHAM, an air horn deafens the air, as the Kennedy boat 
           crosses the finish line to rounds of cheer and applause.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I just want dad to like me like them.

           -- The four siblings accept a gleaming gold trophy, as Joe 
           and Rose clap with pride from the front row of the clubhouse.

           -- Rosemary stands with the three younger children, watching 
           her parents admire her other siblings with so much pride...

           -- And her face sinks in defeat.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I love you, mom.

           But she keeps clapping. Always proud of her family.

                                                             BLACK.

           EXT. ST. ELIZABETH’S HOSPITAL - MORNING

           Joe Kennedy stands as tall as an ant before the imposing and 
           expansive building that is St. Elizabeth’s hospital.

           He glances down at the card in hand:

           “DR. FREEMAN. PROFESSOR OF NEUROLOGY, GEORGE WASHINGTON 
           UNIVERSITY.”

           INT. ST. ELIZABETH’S HOSPITAL - MOMENTS LATER

           Joe navigates his way down corridors of gray linoleum tiles 
           and fluorescent lights that flood the sterile setting.

           His shoes CLICK and CLACK upon the floor, as his eyes scan 
           for the room number, which he finds, when he passes an open 
           hospital room. Curiosity compels him forward, and he walks:

           INTO THE HOSPITAL ROOM

           To find a twenty-year-old girl. Her head shaved and wrapped 
           with gauze, sitting in a wheelchair. A scar across her scalp 
           and a longer scar that runs down her eye. Lobotomized.
           She stares back at Joe Kennedy with vacant, lifeless eyes. 

           And Joe notices that in her left hand, she grips:

           A withered red rose.

           Joe turns his attention to the pictures upon the walls:

           Cross-sections of the human brain, scalpels, and drawings of 
           what looks like an ice pick being inserted beneath an eyelid.

           Joe shudders and grips his stomach. His gaze descends to meet 
           the lifeless eyes of the patient.

           Nearby, he notices an old Victrola record player. The needle 
           gently wobbling atop the spinning disc. 

           Joe takes two steps to the left, dials a knob...

           ...and allows a soft jazz song to fill the void of silence.

           Joe and the patient share a final glimpse of eye contact, 
           then the Kennedy patriarch returns back out:

           INTO THE HALLWAY

           He KNOCKS on a door with a placard across foggy glass that 
           reads: “DR. WALTER FREEMAN”. 

                                 DR. FREEMAN (O.S.)
                        Come in.

           Joe twists the brass doorknob. Then enters:

           DR. FREEMAN’S OFFICE

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Mr. Kennedy. It’s an honor.

           Joe shakes the hand of the esteemed physician before him:

           A bald man at least a foot shorter with a salt and pepper 
           goatee, round glasses, and a charcoal, three-piece suit.

                                 JOE
                        I should say the same. Heard quite 
                        a lot about you, Mr. Freeman.

           Freeman chortles, as Joe scans the surrounding office:

           Framed degrees from Yale and UPenn Medical School, pictures 
           of Freeman performing some surgery in a filled auditorium, a 
           picture of Freeman standing before the Capitol.
                                 FREEMAN
                        Doctor. Doctor Freeman, if you 
                        would...Good things I hope? 

                                 JOE
                        Some. Certainly...

           He trails off with a small smirk that forces Freeman to 
           finish the sentence for him.

                                 FREEMAN
                        Some that you’d rather ask me about 
                        in private. 

           He vigorously rubs his palms together like an excited child.

                                 FREEMAN
                        Do tell, and maybe it will be an 
                        honor by the time I’m done.

           Joe returns the smile, removes his blue bowler hat.

                                 JOE
                        The problem, Doctor Freeman, is 
                        that even in private I have my 
                        concerns about speaking openly, and 
                        as we both understand, when people 
                        hear things...good or that they 
                        wish to confront behind closed 
                        doors...they start to smell smoke.

           Freeman grins another soft smile, closes his hands together.

                                 FREEMAN
                        Mr. Kennedy, I’m a man whose job 
                        demands discretion, and these walls 
                        are reinforced to mute our 
                        conversation to anyone beyond the 
                        confines of this humble office. 

                                 JOE
                        But if these walls could talk--

                                 FREEMAN
                        My profession--of giving my 
                        patients peace--relies on 
                        confidence in my work.
                           (then)
                        When I said I have heard things 
                        about you, Mr. Kennedy, I hope I 
                        don’t have to spell out that I am 
                        very aware of the consequences in 
                        losing the confidence of one of 
                        America’s most prominent families. 
           Joe’s narrow lips finally curl into a gentle smile. He 
           crosses his legs, the discomfort in opening up about the 
           subject visible throughout his lean body.

                                 JOE
                        Well, Doctor Freeman, my daughter has 
                        a medical problem. One that I have 
                        heard you have had success in curing. 
                        And we need a cure. Immediately.

                                 FREEMAN
                        Every detail is needed, Mr. Kennedy. 

           Joe sighs, fixes a crease in his suit, that same wave of 
           discomfort washing over him again.

                                 JOE
                        My daughter is...slow, since she 
                        was a child: eating, crawling, 
                        talking, you name it. She was in 
                        back of the pack.

           His voices verges on the edge of warbling. He pauses.

                                 JOE
                        And while we’ve been able to...hide 
                        it, we’ve reached a breaking point.

           Freeman signals with a gesture of “go on”.

                                 JOE
                        She’s being schooled in a private 
                        convent not far from here. It 
                        mostly houses teenage delinquents, 
                        but we’ve paid good money for 
                        Rosemary’s residency there. 
                           (pauses)
                        While she’s had previous bursts of 
                        outrage that her mother or sister 
                        could temper, she’s found a new 
                        outlet for her disobedience in the 
                        form of escaping. Running away.

           Freeman jots this detail down on his notepad, which elicits a 
           worried face from Joe, and a frustrated one from Freeman.

                                 FREEMAN
                        There is no middle ground in this 
                        arena, Mr. Kennedy, if you are 
                        hoping for me to succeed with my 
                        techniques to aid your daughter. 
                        You must trust me.

           Joe nods, again swallows his nerves.
                                 JOE
                        While I wouldn’t feel the need to 
                        intervene in such a juvenile matter 
                        with my other children, Rosemary 
                        has the potential to bring down a 
                        certain appearance that my family 
                        has created over the years.

           Freeman absorbs this information with a face of confusion.

                                 JOE
                        If she were to meet a boy, if she 
                        were to stumble upon a reporter able 
                        to ascertain the true extent of her 
                        condition...stop. Stop writing.

           Freeman lifts his pencil, stares at Joe. Waits for him.

                                 JOE
                        I have high hopes for my children, 
                        Doctor. Hopes that necessitate a 
                        certain image portrayed to the American 
                        public. An image that Rosemary and 
                        her...condition...cannot reflect back.

           Freeman nods in understanding, retrieves his pencil.

                                 FREEMAN
                        When you say she is slow--

                                 JOE
                        She can talk. She can walk. She can 
                        read and write for the most part. 
                        She can pass for normal enough.

           Joe bites his lower lip in considering his next words.

                                 JOE
                        But I cannot keep worrying about her 
                        as a ticking time bomb for this 
                        family’s future. We have nine 
                        children. Eight of whom I will 
                        continue to shepherd in carrying 
                        forth my name into history.
                           (pauses)
                        But not Rosemary.

           A cold silence momentarily expands. Freeman nods, sets down 
           his pencil, and stares back at Joe with a smile.

                                 FREEMAN
                        I suppose it is my turn then.

           He folds his hands together and speaks with calm authority.
                                 FREEMAN
                        The procedure of which I am a 
                        leading expert is at the forefront 
                        of curing such neurological 
                        deficiencies, and as such, 
                        necessitate the need to be fixed at 
                        the root of the disorder.

           Freeman taps the temple of his forehead.

                                 FREEMAN
                        The brain.

           Joe absorbs the information with a blank expression.

                                 FREEMAN
                        I’m not promising to improve your 
                        daughter, Mr. Kennedy, but I am 
                        confident that I may be able to 
                        provide a cure for the problem that 
                        plagues you.

                                 JOE
                        Through this...leucotomy is it?

           Freeman nods with a small chuckle.

                                 FREEMAN
                        The procedure was formerly known by 
                        that name, but my colleague and I 
                        are advocating for redefining it 
                        under a new and more accurate one:

           Freeman allows the hum of silence to saturate the air.

                                 FREEMAN
                        A lobotomy.

           A quiet silence solidifies through the room like glass, as 
           Joe digests, and seems to like, the operation’s new name. 

                                 JOE
                        My assistant will be in touch with 
                        details about moving forth.

           Joe rises from the chair to shake his hand.

                                 JOE
                        It’s been an honor, Doctor Freeman.

           Freeman returns the handshake with a smile.

           BACK IN THE HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
           Joe returns the blue bowler hat to his balding head, then 
           proceeds back the way he entered, but first...

           He stops before the door of the patient that caught his eye 
           earlier. He stops and peers inside:

           The woman in the wheelchair is gone.

           And the rose previously resting in her hand has fallen to the 
           floor at the threshold between the door and the hallway.

           Joe bends to a knee, picks up the rose, admiring its 
           crenulated red folds.

           He pockets the rose within his suit and hurries out the room.

           The soft crackles and pops of the phonograph player within 
           the room suddenly transform into...

           INT. THE TOMBS BAR - NIGHT

           ...the LOUD, FAST, and UPBEAT tune of a jazz song blaring out 
           the speakers of another phonograph player within:

           A crowded bar filled with semi-drunk Georgetown college kids. 
           Cigarette smoke hovers over the room like a thick fog, 
           especially near the row of vinyl booths that line the wall. 

           Eager kids with dollar bills in their fists swarm the bar, 
           while at the crowded main stage couples dance to the 
           relentless tune of the phonograph. Including:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Gloria! Gloria!

           Her blonde-friend remains enraptured in a swing dance with a 
           particular aggressive fellow, who leans in and kisses her.

           Rosemary’s eyes practically bulge out of her sockets. She 
           slowly retreats toward the bar, where she bumps into...

                                 ALAN
                        There’s the little ballerina.

           A tall, handsome fellow with a cigarette in one hand and 
           balancing two drinks in the other. He speaks with a British 
           accent and his eyes similarly bulge at the same sight.

                                 ALAN
                        Tom and Gloria--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Really hitting it off!
           Rosemary and Alan (and a few nearby bystanders) stare at the 
           scandalous couple blatantly kissing on the dance floor.

                                 ALAN
                        Shall we--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Yes! Let’s sit.

           AT THE BOOTH - SECONDS LATER

           The two nearly dive into the booth. The bulb above glaring 
           down on them. A nervous energy charges the air between them, 
           SHOUTING to hear each other over the noise of the bar.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        They dance like that in England?

                                 ALAN
                        I’m afraid Tom’s very determined to 
                        take advantage of his remaining days in 
                        America until they kick us out.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And--and you?

                                 ALAN
                        Unlike Tom, I’d prefer to return to our 
                        Queen without a criminal record.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I used to live in England, ya know.
                           (he leans in closer to hear)
                        I USED TO LIVE IN ENGLAND.

           He swirls his drink and inhales another drag.

                                 ALAN
                        You are just full of surprises, 
                        aren’t you, Miss Rosie Kent. When?

           Rosemary chuckles at Alan’s calling her by the alias.

                                 ALAN
                        It’s the accent, isn’t--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        No! I love accents! British esp--

                                 ALAN
                        You’re just giggly, hmm?

           Rosemary clinks the ice cubes in her glass as explanation, 
           when her eyes suddenly saucer in panic:
           AT THE FRONT DOOR

           TWO POLICEMEN make their way inside, tipping their hat to the 
           bartender not to worry, though their eyes scan the interior.

                                 ALAN
                        ...Rosie? I--speaking of leaving 
                        soon. I was hoping--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        SHH! 

           Rosemary DUCKS down, her chin nearly slams the table.

                                 ALAN
                        Ros--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        SHH!

           She looks to the dance floor: no sign of Gloria.

                                 ALAN
                        Did--did I say somethin--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        No! You’re great! Keep talking!--

                                 ALAN
                        Well, on the spot, I’m not--

           Gloria suddenly YANKS Rosemary’s arm from the booth, 
           shielding her body from view. 

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Be in touch, Alan! I’ll tell you 
                        about England next time!

                                 ALAN
                        Are you sur--

                                 GLORIA
                        She’s sure! We’ll be back!

           Confusion creeps across the young Brit’s face, as the two 
           flee for the exit. He swirls his ice, raises the glass to 
           himself, then tosses his head back and empties the drink. 

           INT. KENNEDY COMPOUND, BRONXVILLE - ROSE’S STUDY - MORNING

           CLINK, CLINK, Rose Kennedy scoops one sugar cube and plops 
           the white square into her tea. 
           She sits behind a desk of lacquered wood in a room that 
           radiates of royalty fit for the Kennedy matriarch.

           Oriental rugs cover the floor, framed family photos hang upon 
           the walls, along with landscape paintings that would not be 
           out of place at the nearest museum.

           She reaches for her reading glasses, sets them upon the 
           bridge of her nose, and studies a notepad before her.

           Rose mumbles a word written down to ensure the correct 
           pronunciation, then picks up the phone at the desk’s corner.

                                                            CUT TO:

           INT. OFFICES OF THE WASHINGTON TIMES-HERALD - SAME TIME

                                 KICK
                        Hello? Mr. Ogelby? Yes, this is 
                        Kathleen Kennedy. I’m a reporter at 
                        the Times-Herald in D.C. I was hoping 
                        to confirm your coming in for an 
                        interview with Mr. Waldrop?

           On a desk of disorganized papers, filing cards, and pens, 
           Kathleen Kennedy jots notes on the nearest pad of paper.

           Kathleen “KICK” Kennedy is somewhat thinner than her sister 
           Rosemary, closer in build to their petite mother Rose, but 
           maintains that same pronounced jawline as her brothers.

           Her desk sits in a pool of desks for reporters and 
           secretaries, filing cabinets align the wall behind her.

           A glass conference room stands a few feet to her left, where 
           overly caffeinated reporters argue about the latest headline.

           Kick stops writing. Her eyes flit up to find the SECRETARY 
           across from her waving an arm to grab Kick’s attention.

           Kick shrugs her shoulder in a “what” gesture. 

           The secretary mouths “your mother”.

           Kick rolls her eyes, nods, and “mm-hmms” the man on the 
           current end of the phone, hurrying to shut him up:

                                 KICK
                        Let’s say tomorrow at six, then.
                        Perfect. He’ll be expecting you.
           CLICK. She hangs up, hurries to the other secretary’s desk to 
           answer the phone. The secretary walks away from her desk to 
           offer privacy, giving her a thumbs up and a chuckle.

                                 KICK
                        Hi, mother.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Well hello, my little busy bee of a 
                        daughter. Do you have a moment?

                                 KICK
                        Kind of in the middle of things but--

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        I’ll be quick then.

           Kick rolls her eyes, when she suddenly notices a man 
           approaching her desk with a devilish grin upon his face.

           A snake tattoo decorates the part of his forearm visible 
           beneath the rumpled suit that covers his wiry frame.

           This is JOHN WHITE.

           Kick curls a similar, devilish smile at his appearance.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Has your father been in touch with you?

                                 KICK
                        Huh? Dad? No. Why--

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        He’s seeing Jack...and attending to 
                        some other business.

                                 KICK
                        He’s in town?

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Kick, I need to ask you something 
                        private. Do I have your undivided 
                        attention?

           John plops upon the desk, twirls the phone cord to yank it 
           away, but she flirtatiously pushes back, mouthing to “stop”. 

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        I need you to use your resources at 
                        the paper to investigate a new 
                        medical procedure your father wishes 
                        to pursue.
           John rolls his eyes, withdraws, and lights a cigarette. 

                                 KICK
                        For...Jack? Is Eunice still sick?

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        For Rosemary.

           A pregnant pause. Kick’s face flushes with concern.

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        This is a Kennedy matter, Kathleen. 
                        Is that absolutely clear? You are 
                        never to deploy her name.

           CLICK, John removes a pen cap with his mouth, tears off a 
           piece of paper, SLIKKT, then scribbles something on it.

           Kick writes down the word her mother repeats on the phone.

           Then her eyes veer to read the note by John that asks:

           “Dinner tonight? YES/NO”

           She tries to suppress a smile but miserably fails.

                                 KICK
                           (into phone)
                        OK, mom. I’ll let you know. Be in touch. 

           CLICK. She hangs up the phone, swivels to face John.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        What?

           Off her stern look, he holds up a hand in surrender. Laughs.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Alright, apologies. Grab a bite or not 
                        though? I gotta make a reservation.

           Kick looks at the word dictated by Rose seconds ago, then an 
           idea enters her mind and manifests in the following scheme:

                                 KICK
                        Waldrop needs me to research a 
                        surgery for that series we’re doing 
                        on St. Elizabeth’s Hospital.

           John stands and leans over the desk with a smile.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Well, guess which reporter was 
                        assigned to cover it.
           Kick smiles back and points a finger at him.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Is that how I’m going to make this 
                        dinner happen?

           Kick pretends to let out a COUGH from John’s cigarette smoke, 
           glances down at the paper with the name.

                                 KICK
                        It’s called a lobotomy.

           John sucks down cigarette smoke, his mind searching for the 
           word, but he shrugs and shakes his head.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Not ringing a bell, but I’ll look into 
                        it. Waldrop will be happy as ever with 
                        the Ambassador’s daughter. Now...

           He stands and points the pen toward Kick’s face.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        How ‘bout that dinner?

           A smirk curls her lips. She snatches the pen, finds John’s 
           note written while she was on the phone...

           “Dinner tonight? YES/NO”

           ...and circles the “YES” with an ever-expanding grin.

           INT. KENNEDY COMPOUND, BRONXVILLE - ROSE’S STUDY - AFTERNOON

           CLINK, CLINK. Rose drops three more sugar cubes into her tea, 
           glancing around like a child worried about being caught.

           She sips the tea and closes her eyes. Signs of worry creeping 
           into a face of constant, (publicly) calm demeanor.

           She exhales a long breath, then picks up the phone again. 
           Dials. Sips another glass of sugar-filled tea. RING. RING.

           EXT. MANHATTANVILLE COLLEGE - CONTINUOUS

           Large stone buildings that resemble a castle more than a 
           campus announce Manhattanville College over five acres of 
           green grass. Nuns patrol the courtyard of the spacious lot. A 
           strict silence hovering over the campus like a glass bubble.

           RING...RING...RING...
           INT. MANHATTANVILLE COLLEGE - EUNICE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

           ...RING...RING...RI--A lanky hand snatches the phone.

                                 EUNICE
                        What?

           Eunice Kennedy sits in her small, private dorm room of 
           Spartan furnishing. A twin-sized metal bed, dresser, and 
           desk. A stack of tissues in hand. 

           The conversation cuts back and forth as needed.

                                 ROSE 
                        Good Lord Eunice, tell me that’s not 
                        how I raised you to answer the phone.

           Eunice sits hunched over her desk, revealing a gawky frame 
           and brusque manner so unlike the royal finesse that radiates 
           from the other Kennedy women. 

           Instead, Eunice exudes a frenetic, nervous energy. Almost 
           incapable of sitting still or pausing to think out her words.

                                 EUNICE
                        Oh, hi, mother. Sorry, I’m--I’ve been 
                        under the weather. I’ve been irritable.

           She SNEEZES and COUGHS, wipes her nose clean. SNEEZES again.

           Rose literally reels away from the phone in disgust.

                                 ROSE
                        Again.

                                 EUNICE
                        What?

                                 ROSE
                        YOU ARE sick AGAIN.

                                 EUNICE
                        Yeah.

                                 ROSE
                        Did you just respond...yeah...to my 
                        question?

                                 EUNICE
                        Yes. I meant, yes. I’m sick, mother!

           She SNEEZES for a second time.

           Rose pinches the bridge of her nose.
                                 ROSE
                        I need to ask a favor, Eunice.

                                 EUNICE
                        Yeah? Yes. Sorry. What? What is it? 

           A small hint of melancholy spills over Rose’s voice.

                                 ROSE
                        I need you to call your sister.

                                 EUNICE
                        Kick?! What’s that knucklehead--

                                 ROSE
                        Eunice, if you would just wait--

                                 EUNICE
                        I’m sorry, mother! I’m sick and got 
                        this Civil War essay due. It’s quite 
                        fascinating, actually. I might pursue 
                        history I’ve decided. And then I’ve got 
                        that transfer application to Stanford. 
                        Which I guess is where I would be 
                        studying such history. Can you 
                        concentrate on just a specific time 
                        period? Like the Civil War or 
                        something? That reminds me though, I 
                        need daddy to call--

                                 ROSE
                        It’s a favor for Rosemary.

           The name causes a sudden silence to stifle the frenzy. 
           Eunice’s restless energy stills in concern.

                                 EUNICE
                        What--oh, oh no. What’s wrong?

                                 ROSE
                        No. Eunice. Calm down. I just--

                                 EUNICE
                        Should I fly out?! She’s with Jack 
                        and Kick right? Dad out--

                                 ROSE
                        Eunice! Good Lord. Settle!

           The admonishment settles Eunice down, though she begins to 
           restlessly tap her foot and bite her fingernails.
                                 ROSE
                        I just need you to call her. She’s 
                        been...exceptionally difficult.

                                 EUNICE
                        Oh no, she’s upset? Who’s been talk--

                                 ROSE
                        She’s just a little lost, I think.

                                 EUNICE
                        She talk to dad? Dad talk to her?

           Rose opens her mouth to answer...but doesn’t. Allowing the 
           silent pause to answer instead.

                                 EUNICE
                        I’ll call right away.

                                 ROSE
                        If she doesn’t start behaving, I’m 
                        not sure what daddy--

                                 EUNICE
                        DON’T SAY THAT, MOTHER. Please! You 
                        know it upsets me! That talk--!

                                 ROSE
                        Eunice Kennedy! You think I would 
                        allow any harm or secrecy to 
                        surround my first-born daughter?

           Rose rears herself back from the sudden outburst. Waits for 
           the silence of her surrounding home to return. Then:

                                 ROSE
                        I just need you to talk some sense 
                        into her as best you can.

           A cry catches itself in Eunice’s throat that she hides from 
           her mother with an all-too-fake cough.

                                 EUNICE
                        She loves you, mother. And dad. It’s 
                        ‘cause she loves you so much that she 
                        acts this way. When it’s too hard. 
                        Not being like the rest of us.

           Rose cannot respond, and allows the silence to answer again.

                                 EUNICE
                        I’m gonna hang up, ‘K? I’ll call in 
                        the morning and check on her.
           Rose swallows a lump in her throat. Regains her voice.

                                 ROSE
                        Talk tomorrow, Eunice.

           CLICK. Rose hangs up the phone, wipes a tear threatening to 
           spill down her cheek, then finishes the rest of her tea.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - MORNING

           BRRRNNG. A high-pitched bell marks the end of class.

           A TEACHER tries settling down the restless congregation of 
           all-female students hurrying to exit, two of which are:

           Rosemary and Gloria, who are in the midst of a laugh, when on 
           their way out the door, Rosemary is stopped...

           Sister Margaret looms over the doorway.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary?

           Rosemary and Gloria stand still as statues. Guilty. 

                                 ROSEMARY
                        ...yes?

           Gloria keeps her eyes trained on the floor, as Rosemary 
           glances to and fro from making eye contact. 

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Your sister left a call, whenever 
                        you have a moment. Eunice--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Eunice called?!

           An enormous smile spreads across her face.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Follow me.
                           (to Gloria)
                        Alone.

           DOWN THE HALLWAY - SECONDS LATER

           The two saunter down the hallway, avoiding students and nuns 
           exiting classes. Rosemary brimming with excitement.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        She leave a message?
           Sister Margaret keeps her eyes forward and does not respond.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Did--did she leave--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        You can call her in a moment, Rosemary.

           Rosemary nods from the subtle scolding in her voice.

           And notices two NUNS following behind them.

           IN SISTER MARGARET’S OFFICE - SECONDS LATER

           CLICK. The Sister locks the door and points to the leather 
           chair opposite her desk, where Rosemary sits.

           Nervous apprehension creeps its way into her mood. Her eyes 
           darting to the phone, to Sister Margaret’s desk.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        So...can...can I call her?

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        You sure may, Rosemary.

           She TAPS the phone at the desk’s corner. TAP. TAP...TAP.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        I want you to know I understand 
                        your bond with your sister. What 
                        she means to you, and that I am not 
                        being unsympathetic, or cruel.
                           (sighs)
                        But that I also need you to 
                        understand my position. 

           Sister Margaret leans forward across the desk.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        I need you to tell me where you were 
                        last night, who was with you, where 
                        you went, and how you escaped.

           She holds up a hand to silence the excuses flying out of 
           Rosemary’s mouth, which shrinks with instant guilt.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        If you’re honest with me, I can allow 
                        you to call your sister back. But 
                        you’re putting me in a terrible bind--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        No, Sister Margaret. Plea--
                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        I have a former Ambassador preparing 
                        to take action on one of my students-
                        -that daughter being you, Rosemary 
                        Kennedy--unless this school can 
                        correct your behavior.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Sister, I have to talk to Eunice--!

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Your sister is in Manhattanville 
                        College. New York. I hardly doubt she 
                        knows where you were last night.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        BUT I HAVE TO TALK--

           A rage bubbles over Rosemary, choking her words and thoughts 
           into a chaotic mess of emotion, which the nun notices.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary. Calm--calm down--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I DON’T KNOW, OK! WE WERE HERE LAST 
                        NIGHT. WE WERE OUT. WE’RE HERE NOW! 
                        WHAT’S THE DIFF--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary. Settle down. Talk it out.

           Rosemary leaps out of the chair, pacing the room, biting her 
           nails and shaking her head, as though having a panic attack.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Just tell me--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I DON’T KNOW GODDAMMIT!

           A sudden surge of anger erupts, and she lets out a GASP.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Sister, you can’t! Please! You can’t!

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        You cannot do this, Rosemary! I 
                        cannot have Joseph Kennedy’s daughter 
                        wandering the streets of D.C.--

           CLICK, Rosemary unlocks the door, RUNS out into the hallway, 
           but the two nuns waiting outside grab her arms.
           Rosemary crumbles and SCREAMS with a wrath previously unseen, 
           as the nuns do their best to soothe her.

           Sister Margaret buries her face in her hands, at a loss what 
           to do with her most notable and troubled student.

           The nuns drag Rosemary away from the door, her SCREAMS 
           echoing across the halls, until...

           CLICK. The two other nuns shut Sister Margaret’s door closed, 
           muffling Rosemary’s screams.

           Sister Margaret glances to her fireplace, then to her desk, 
           bites her lower lip in unease. Then suddenly...

           ...finds and lights the nearest cigarette.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - ROSEMARY’S ROOM - LATER

           Back in Rosemary’s room, the two nuns have seemingly managed 
           to calm her down. A look of defeat draped over her like a 
           blanket, as the nuns finally exit the room.

           Gloria’s side of the room remains empty, as Rosemary further 
           descends into her severe mood swing of depression.

           She collapses to her bed, sniffling. When her eyes catch...

           The stack of papers on her desk: The letters.

           A new mood of action seizes her being. She leaps to her feet. 

           Races behind the desk. Picks up the nearest pen and paper and 
           begins writing with a feverish intensity.

                                                             BLACK.

                     LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO EUNICE KENNEDY

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        They won’t let me talk to you, Euny!

           -- A group of neighborhood kids and the Kennedy children 
           (Rosemary now around twelve years old) sit in a circle.

                                 NEIGHBORHOOD BOY
                        Duck...duck...

           -- The large circle of kids are in the midst of a game of 
           duck, duck, goose on the front lawn of the Bronxville home.
           -- Jack, Joe Jr., Kick, Eunice, Rosemary, and six other 
           neighborhood kids.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        It’s not fair! It never is.

           -- PAT, PAT, the neighborhood boy taps the head of Jack, Joe 
           Jr., then slows his feet to a crawl at Rosemary...

           -- The young Rosemary can hardly contain her excitement.

           -- But then he leaps forward to pick:

                                 NEIGHBORHOOD BOY
                        Goose!

           -- Kick, who leaps to her feet, begins to chase the boy.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I can’t ever do anything! No one 
                        ever lets me!

           -- Jack’s turn. He taps the circle of heads. PAT, PAT...

                                 JOE JR..
                        Goose!

           -- And picks one of the neighborhood girls, chases her. 

           -- Rosemary grows bored, upset, and frustrated.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        No one ever wants me for anything.

           -- Eunice’s turn. Duck. Duck...

           -- Rosemary sits with her hands against her cheek. Resigned.

                                 EUNICE
                        Duck, duck...

           -- Eunice slows her steps before the defeated Rosemary...

                                 EUNICE
                        Goose!

           -- Rosemary’s big green eyes brighten to big green circles.

           -- She leaps to her feet, chases her sister. Eunice is so 
           much faster, but slows down, so Rosemary can--

           -- TACKLE her to the grass. The two giggling, out of breath.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Always the only one that played 
                        with me.

           -- The Kennedy clan plays a competitive game of “hearts” on a 
           rainy afternoon trapped within the compound.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        When we played cards.

           -- Nine-year-old Eunice sits at the edge of the table, trying 
           to teach twelve-year-old Rosemary the rules.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I was never good at that stuff. I never 
                        won. But they are my favorite memories.

           -- Everyone at the table is growing impatient, but Eunice 
           does her best to explain.

                                 EUNICE
                        And that’s worth thirteen ‘cus it’s 
                        a spade. And that’s shooting the 
                        moon. Wait, here...

           -- Eunice plays Rosemary’s hand for her with a big grin.

                                 EUNICE
                        You won, Rosemary!

                                 JOE JR.
                        That’s cheatin--

           -- Kick SLAPS his arm, and he nods in acceptance.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I won?

           -- The other Kennedys all exchange a subtle glance of 
           knowing, then cheer on their sister just the same.

           -- Eunice grabs Rosemary’s hand and lifts it up as though she 
           just won a boxing match.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Or football.

           -- It’s the Kennedy boys vs. Kennedy girls on the acres of 
           backyard grass for a game of summer football.

           -- Rosemary stands on the sidelines, playing referee, while 
           Joe Jr. and Jack take on Kick and Eunice.
                                 JACK
                        Hike!

           -- Joe Jr. runs a route, catches the ball, and charges to the 
           finish line with Kick trailing behind him, out of breath.

                                 JACK
                        That’s a touchdown, Rosemary! 

           -- Rosemary looks down to the small scoreboard at her feet.

           -- Then looks to Eunice, who holds up seven fingers.

           -- Rosemary quickly bends down, and flips over the number.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Or school projects.

           -- Eunice helps Rosemary build a model solar system with 
           various fruits representing the planets. 

                                 EUNICE
                        And the apple, what’s the apple, 
                        Rosemary?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Venus?

                                 EUNICE
                        No, the peach is Venus. The apple 
                        is Mars. It’s red, remember? Red 
                        like Mars.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Mars is the apple.

                                 EUNICE
                        You’re eating Pluto, Rosemary.

           Rosemary quickly spits out a purple grape from her mouth.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I never felt like I was a moron with 
                        you, Euny. I never felt different.

           -- Eunice and Rosemary are walking home from school, 
           schoolbooks close their chest, when...

                                 SCHOOL BOY
                        Hey! Rosemary! Rosemary the retard!

           -- THWACK, a paper bag SMACKS against Rosemary’s head.

           -- She falls against a fence, dazed and disoriented.
           -- She picks away leaves, dirt, then her fingers slow in 
           rising as horror as she feels and realizes...

           -- Flecks of dog feces are dripping down her long brown hair.

           -- Tears bubble up from her eyes. Her face burns pink.

                                 SCHOOL BOY
                        Rosemary! That’s dog shit you 
                        retard! Don’t touch it!

           --Raw anger consumes Eunice. She lifts Rosemary to her feet.

                                 EUNICE
                        Up we go. Up. Come on, Rosemary.

           -- Eunice helps her walk away, shielding her from view.

                                 EUNICE
                        Don’t listen to tha--

           -- THWACK, another paper bag filled with dirt and excrement 
           impacts Eunice’s head. The school boy across the street 
           SHOUTS and laughs.

                                 SCHOOL BOY
                        Sorry, puny Euny. I was aiming for 
                        the retar-- 

                                 EUNICE
                        SHUT UP! SHUT UP!

           -- Eunice’s voice goes hoarse, as her face turns scarlet with 
           rage. She shuffles herself and Rosemary toward the car, where 
           the driver (a maid) helps them inside.

                                 MAID
                        Get in! Get in, you two.

           -- Rosemary leaps inside, while Eunice stands still before 
           the car. Her eyes red-rimmed with tears. Her hair a mess.

           -- Eunice looks across the street to the jeering bully, and 
           finds a beer bottle shattered beside the curb.

           -- She bends down, picks up the sharp glass, aims...

                                 MAID
                        Eunice Kennedy! Don’t you dar--!

           -- THWACK, and throws it. Glass SHATTERS at the boy’s feet.

                                 EUNICE
                        F-F-FUCK Y-Y--
                                 MAID
                        Eunice Kennedy!

           The Maid nearly tackles the volatile Eunice, and throws her:

           INTO THE CAR

           Where Rosemary sits slumped against the window. Her face 
           filled with tears and humiliation. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I wish I could talk to you so much 
                        it’s making me sick. 

           Eunice saddles beside her, choking back her own emotions. 

           VROOM, the maid starts the car and accelerates away.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I sometimes think you are the only one 
                        who cared, Eunice. Who understood. 

           -- Eunice grabs Rosemary’s hand and squeezes it tight.

                                 EUNICE
                        What don’t Kennedys do, Rosemary?

           -- Rosemary glances up from her face of dirt and tears, a 
           half-smile growing as she meets Eunice’s big grin.

                                 EUNICE
                        Kennedy’s. Don’t...

           -- Eunice wipes her sister’s tears with that same smile.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Cry.

           -- Rosemary leans against her sister’s shoulder, and Eunice 
           hugs her tight, wiping the dirt and tears from her face.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Whatever happens to me here...

           -- Rosemary’s hands fly up to the air: “Touchdown”.

           -- then bend down to fix the scoreboard.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I could not have got this far 
                        without you, Euny.

           -- Rosemary counts up the score in another family card game. 
           -- Then pauses, unable to calculate the math...

           -- Eunice whispers the answer in her ear. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        You made everything feel OK. 

           -- PAT, PAT, PAT. Eunice dashes around the duck-duck-goose 
           circle, slowing her steps to a crawl...

                                 EUNICE
                        Goose!

           -- ...and bops Rosemary atop the head.

                                 ROSEMARY  (V.O.)
                        You made me feel loved.

           -- Rosemary tackles Eunice to the grass. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I love you, Euny.

           -- The sisters laugh until they are red in the face and out 
           of breath, exhausted with joy.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I love you so much.

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

           Early morning street noise. Cars HONK. Tires SCREECH. 

           KNOCK. KNOCK. KNOCK.

           Sheets RUFFLE. Two shadows pop up from a couch within a dark 
           room, scrambling to be quiet and find their clothes.

           One of the shadow outlines is of a YOUNG WOMAN. She dashes 
           for a closet, slides it open, disappears inside.

                                 JOE (O.S.)
                        Jack? 

           The remaining shadow--of a young man--finds a pair of pants, 
           his belt buckle JINGLING, as he shimmies each leg inside.

           KNOCK. KNOCK. KNOCK. Loud and angry. From behind the door.

           The shadow sprints to the northern wall, draws a chain, 
           CLICK, and unlocks the door to find:

                                 JOE
                        ...Are you just waking up?
                                 JACK
                        Come in, pops. Come in. Sorry.

           As light spills into the room, Joe Kennedy steps inside:

           INT. JACK KENNEDY’S DORCHESTER HOUSE APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

           A war between neat and messy rages within the Dorchester 
           Complex overlooking the street of D.C. 

           The spacious setting is a mixture of home and apartment. 
           CLICK, Joe switches on the light to a chandelier above.

                                 JACK
                        Getting ready, dad. Give me one minute.

           The red-rimmed (and hungover) eyes of the twenty-four-year-
           old John F. Kennedy--aka JACK--squint under the harsh light.

           He wears pants and an unbuttoned shirt with the Navy insignia 
           draped over his somewhat built body. 

                                 JOE
                        You confirmed breakfast last night.

           As his father turns for the nearest chair, Joe kicks a bra 
           peeking into view from under the couch back into hiding.

                                 JACK
                        Yeah, I just figured, you know...

                                 JOE
                        It’s six in the morning, Jack.

           Joe says this as though Jack has just spent the entire 
           morning sleeping in past noon.

           He shakes his head, moves to a chair before the closet. When:

           A THUMP resounds from the wall. Jack gulps, and Joe stills.

                                 JACK
                        We should get goin’. You’re right. 
                        The Naval Office’ll want to meet 
                        you if you’d like to come in and--

                                 JOE
                        What in God’s name?!

           The heel of a woman’s shoe nearly stabs into Joe’s rear end.

           He holds up the three inch heel with glaring eyes.
           Jack’s face sinks with guilt. He plops to the couch.

           Joe glances to the heel, then to the closet behind him.

                                 JACK
                        Inga...come on out.

           More THUMPS from the closet, until Joe flings open the door:

                                 INGA
                        You must be Mr. Kennedy!

           A beautiful blonde woman emerges from the closet. She’s 
           dressed in a white dress shirt with a black skirt, her right 
           hand extended, and face flushed red from embarrassment.

                                 JOE
                        Joseph P. Kennedy. And you--

                                 INGA
                        Well, pleasure to meet you, I was 
                        just leaving.

                                 JOE
                        You’ll have to try the front door, 
                        rather than the closet.

           Inga LAUGHS in an all-too-awkward manner.

                                 INGA
                        Well, an honor to meet you. Jack, 
                        I’ll be in touch.

                                 JOE
                        You forgot your--

           SLAM, the embarrassed woman slams the door behind her without 
           another word. An awkward silence follows in her wake. 

                                 JOE
                        She’ll be back for this.

           He tosses the high heel shoe to the similarly shamed Jack.

                                 JACK
                        Dad--

                                 JOE
                        Save it.

           Joe returns to the chair across from the couch. Inhales a 
           deep breath, his cold blue eyes behind the round glasses 
           studying his son with a mixture of pride and concern.
                                 JOE
                        How are your days progressing at 
                        the Naval Office, son?

           Jack shrugs, buttoning his shirt.

                                 JACK
                        It’s basic at this point. Preparing us...
                           (shrugs his shoulders)
                        For whatever this country has ahead.

           He ties his dress shoes, looks up to his father.

                                 JACK
                        Why?

                                 JOE
                        Your brother is about to receive 
                        his fighter pilot wings down there 
                        in Florida.

           Joe rubs his eyes, repositions his glasses.

                                 JOE
                        And you’re hiding blondes in your closet.

           A wave of shame drowns Jack’s already tomato-red complexion.

                                 JACK
                        Dad, I’m a Harvard Graduate. An 
                        author. Enrolled in the Navy. And for 
                        twenty-four, that ain’t too shab--

                                 JOE
                        And you, achieved all these on your 
                        own, did you?

           Jack’s air of sudden pride deflates in a single swoop.

                                 JOE
                        Jack, I’m in town to make another 
                        big step in securing this family’s 
                        future. But I do worry...

           Joe’s gaze remains locked upon the window view: a landscape 
           of stone and gray skies that compose Washington D.C. 

                                 JOE
                        This family is only as strong as 
                        its weakest link.

           He removes his gaze from the window and back toward his son.
                                 JOE
                        I have high hopes for you. You and 
                        your brother both. 
                           (pauses)
                        But there is a lot at stake, Jack. 
                        One misstep and decades of work for 
                        Irish immigrants hoping to make an 
                        impact on this country’s future...

           He waves his hand in an arc across the air.

                                 JOE
                        Gone.

           Jack keeps his gaze turned to the floor.

                                 JOE
                        Just remember that everything I 
                        have done in this life is for you 
                        and the family.

           Joe returns his bowler hat to this head, offers Jack a nod, 
           then moves for the door.

                                 JACK
                        No breakfast then?

           WHAM, Joe closes the door behind him.

           Jack looks down to his feet, and notices Inga’s heel staring 
           back at him. He picks up the shoe with a half-hearted laugh.

           ...then grows overwhelmed with shame. THROWS the shoe--

           -- BAM, and shatters a picture at the opposite wall.

                                 JACK
                        Shit.

           He hurries across the floor, bends to pick up the shards of 
           scattered glass, and finds:

           A KENNEDY FAMILY PORTRAIT

           All eleven Kennedys with their arms locked in a connected 
           link upon the family front lawn. The men in tuxes and women 
           in dresses within the black and white picture.

           Eunice, Jack, Rosemary, Jean, Joe Sr., Ted, Rose, Joe Jr., 
           Pat, Bobby, and Kick. All eleven smiling toward the camera.

           The Kennedy family of eleven united as one.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:
           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - MORNING

           Rosemary sits bored behind a desk in a small classroom of 
           thirty students, writing in her notebook. When--

           KNOCK. KNOCK. Sister Margaret peeks her head into the door.

           Rosemary glances up, and Sister Margaret points to her.

           The eyes of every student follow Rosemary with suspicion and 
           curiosity, as Rosemary slowly rises from her seat and out:

           INTO THE HALLWAY

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Well, you win.

           Rosemary raises a confused brow at the Sister’s soft smile.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        She won’t stop calling.

           Sister Margaret turns down the hallway and signals for 
           Rosemary to follow, as a grin spreads across Rosemary’s face.

           IN SISTER MARGARET’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER

           Sister Margaret has her phone against the ear, while Rosemary 
           rocks in the leather chair with rising excitement.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Is she available?
                           (waits)
                        I have Rosemary.

           Sister Margaret rises from her desk, hands the phone to 
           Rosemary, then moves to exit the room to allow for privacy.

           After hearing the door completely close, Rosemary literally 
           gasps with excitement, then almost screams into the phone:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Eunice!

           INT. MANHATTANVILLE COLLEGE - EUNICE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

                                 EUNICE
                        There she is!

           Eunice stands before her desk, pacing with the phone in hand. 
           Tissues and cough drops littered about the small room.      
           The two cut back and forth as needed.
                                 EUNICE
                        Well what the heck happened?! I’ve been 
                        calling like a maniac looking for you.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        They’re mad at me, Eunice. 
                        Everyone’s mad me.

                                 EUNICE
                        Join the club, Rosie. Mom’s been on 
                        top of me about checking in on you. 
                        Like I needed an excuse.

           Rosemary bursts out laughing, and Eunice can’t help it 
           either. The enthusiasm and love between the two contagious. 

                                 EUNICE
                        So, what am I gonna report back? 
                        What’s goin’ on with you, huh? 
                        Dad’s comin’ to see you?

           Rosemary nods, shuffles her feet, figuring out the words.

                                 EUNICE
                        You want mom to move you somewhere else?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        It’s not...it’s hard without you or 
                        mom here--

                                 EUNICE
                        No boys there either, right--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Euny!

           Eunice laughs from the other end of the phone, and the gut-
           busting giggle infects Rosemary.

                                 EUNICE
                        Rosemary, they’re not gonna actually 
                        do anything. You know that, right? 
                        You think mom’s gonna let anything 
                        happen to her oldest daughter? We 
                        love you, you little goof.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I don’t know, Euny. Dad’s...real 
                        mad at me about running away.

           She checks the door to make sure no one’s listening. Then:
                                 ROSEMARY
                        I just--I wanted to meet someone. Like 
                        you, and Kick, and Jack, even Pat--

                                 EUNICE
                        Rosemary, You will. And you know it. 
                        Any guy’d be lucky to have you. But 
                        you’ve gotta wait until the time’s 
                        right. Be patient, as hard as it is. 
                        And don’t get caught, you goof!

           Rosemary blushes from the words.

                                 EUNICE
                        ‘Specially if I’m not there to 
                        cover for you.

           Rosemary twirls the phone chord with unease, as Eunice 
           SNEEZES from her end in New York.

                                 EUNICE
                        I’ll talk to mom, maybe Jack can--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I was just writing to him. I’m 
                        writing to all--

                                 EUNICE
                        He thinks he’s Mr. Big Shot over 
                        there in the Navy.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I miss him, Euny. I miss you all so 
                        much I’m sick over it. I’m really 
                        losing it.

           A sudden mood of anxiety sweeps over her in one fell instant.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Everyone ‘cept Gloria hates me, and 
                        I can’t figure out these tests. I’m 
                        in the same classroom with these 
                        girls, who are all smart. And they 
                        said if I still want to be a 
                        teacher, I’m gonna have to take even 
                        more tests and school--

                                 EUNICE
                        Rosemary. Rosemary.

           Eunice’s tone halts Rosemary’s wave of nerves.

                                 EUNICE
                        It. Will be. OK.
           Rosemary nods and bites her lower lip.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Promise?

                                 EUNICE
                        I promise, kiddo.

           A big grin spreads across Rosemary’s face from the words.

                                 EUNICE
                        Go have fun, goof. Love ya.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Love you, Euny.

           CLICK. The line goes dead. Rosemary slams down the phone and 
           rushes back out into:

           THE HALLWAY

           Where Sister Margaret finishes a discussion with another nun, 
           then sees Rosemary exiting her office. She walks over.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Have a nice chat with your sis--

           Rosemary wraps her arms around the nun’s waist in a big hug. 

           Sister Margaret reels back for a moment, taken off-guard, 
           then laughs and hugs Rosemary back.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Just promise me you’ll be good?

           Rosemary nods. Joy radiating from her being after the call.

           INT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - ROSEMARY’S ROOM - LATER

           Rosemary returns to her room, where Gloria sits on her side 
           of the dorm. Writing a paper for class. 

                                 GLORIA
                        That smile is blinding me.

           Rosemary plops in the chair near her desk, unable to hide it.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Finally got to talk to Euny.

                                 GLORIA
                        I know.
           Rosemary scrunches her face in confusion.

                                 GLORIA
                        They started asking me questions, too.

           Rosemary stops writing, looks up and sighs with worry.

                                 GLORIA
                        You’re not the only one in trouble, 
                        Miss Kennedy. I didn’t say 
                        anything, but they really...

           Rosemary nods in worry, until Gloria begins to grin.

                                 GLORIA
                        But you still want to see Alan--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Gloria! I-I don’t.

           Gloria giggles, as does Rosemary.

                                 GLORIA
                        The boys do only have a couple of days 
                        left though...then we can be done.

           That first hint of mischievousness appears between them.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And the nuns have their Second 
                        Saturday Meeting.

                                 GLORIA
                        So the door will practically be 
                        wide open...

           A tense silence expands. Waiting to see who will break first.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        What are you gonna wear?

           And as the girls start preparing to sneak out, wild with 
           excitement for another adventure...

           INT. WASHINGTON CONVENTION CENTER BALLROOM - EVENING

           Chandeliers and candelabras hang from a ceiling that 
           illumines a spacious ballroom in a mix of soft golds. 

           Navy servicemen dressed in pristine uniforms are waltzing 
           around the dance floor with their dates, dressed in similarly 
           gorgeous gowns, while those eating or drinking sit at long 
           tables that form a rectangle around the center stage.
           AT THE TABLE NEAR THE RIGHT WALL

           Kick and her date, John White, are sitting bored and 
           restless. The latter with a cigarette in hand.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        You ready to get out of here yet?

                                 KICK
                        You haven’t even met my brother.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Prince Kennedy seems a little 
                        preoccupied with his princess.

           Kick ELBOWS him in the ribs with a soft jab. 

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        After I meet him, we can go?

                                 KICK
                        I suppose, if you’re that anxious 
                        to get out of here.

           A big grin suddenly spreads on Kick’s face, and she waves to 
           Jack and the Inga on the dance floor. (John also waves, 
           though with visibly fake enthusiasm.)

                                 KICK
                        What’s with the itch to leave? 
                        There’s a lot of bigwigs here. The 
                        type you love to harass.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        I got another round of proofing for 
                        that St. Elizabeth’s report.

           Kick’s jaw drops with disbelief. He raises a brow.

                                 KICK
                        You were gonna look up that surgery 
                        for me, John! For Waldrop?!

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Shit, I totall--

                                 KICK
                        Language, John! This is a military--

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Alright! God--

                                 KICK
                        Or His name in vain!
           John bites his lower lip, inhales the last drag of his 
           cigarette, extinguishes it.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Kick, believe me anyway, that thing 
                        you were asking about...

           He exhales a puff of smoke, shakes his head with disgust.

                                 KICK
                        The lobotomy?

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        If you plan on keeping your dinner 
                        in your stomach rather than the 
                        dance floor, I don’t think you want 
                        to hear about it.

           Kick again JABS his ribs.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        With the ribbing--!

                                 KICK
                        I’m tired of your shit, John! 
                        You’ve treated me like a child 
                        because of my last name since I met 
                        you, and I’m not gonna tolerate it. 
                        I asked you for a favor, and I put 
                        off doing it under the assumption 
                        that you would help--

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Alright, alright. Take it easy.

           The chain smoker withdraws another cigarette, ignites the 
           tip, then inhales with a face of disgust in explaining:

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        It’s these two guys--Freeman and 
                        Watts. Freeman’s head of the 
                        neurology department at George 
                        Washington University. They’ve 
                        dedicated this cause of theirs, 
                        which they’ve rebranded as the 
                        lobotomy, on mental patients. 

           John inhales another drag, then lets the smoke drift out.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        They think they can cure everything by 
                        going inside the brain. Literally.

           Kick sips the champagne to steady her trembling hand.
                                 JOHN WHITE
                        They basically take the patient in, 
                        and we’re talking mental patients: 
                        unstable housewives, criminals, 
                        traumatic stress veterans... 

           Kick gulps, attempts to steel her face of distress.

                                 KICK
                        An-and what does the surgery do?

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        Well, basically, they drill a hole in 
                        the patient’s head...then start slicing.

           He pantomimes the gesture of cutting scissors.

                                 KICK
                        Start cutting what?

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        The brain. The front of it.

           Kick pales and turns her gaze to the floor.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        So far, the results have been...not 
                        good, to say the least. Usually, 
                        they’re reduced to an even worse 
                        state. I mean, they’re just gone as 
                        a person...gone.

           He emphatically waves his hand to make the point.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        It’s still early, but I’m sure more 
                        investigations like ours might help--

                                 KICK
                        Thank you, John.

           Kick finishes the last of her skinny champagne glass, 
           throwing back her head to drain the alcohol.

                                 JACK (O.S.)
                        Really goin’ to town with the free 
                        champagne there, Kick.

           As the waltz finishes, and the surrounding crowd CLAPS in 
           applause, Jack and Inga have walked forward to meet them.

           Kick raises her empty champagne glass in applause.
                                 KICK
                        Free and fantastic.

                                 JOHN WHITE
                        You really know how to tangle there, 
                        Jackie boy.

           Jack scrunches his features in distaste for the nickname.

                                 JACK
                        Mind if I steal my sister for this 
                        next dance?

           Kick laughs, accepts his hand, then walks around the table to 
           join him on the floor.

           As Jack and Kick move for the dance floor, John and Inga 
           watch the two Kennedys begin their routine.

                                 INGA
                        Mind if I steal one of those?

           She points to his pack of cigarettes.

                                 JACK
                        It’ll cost you a dance.

           Inga blushes, and she accepts John’s hand. The two Kennedy 
           dates now moving to join their companions.

           MOMENTS LATER

           Jack and Kick enjoy a moment of sibling bonding during the 
           soft, slow dance. A kind of peace only a Kennedy can share 
           with another family member and not the outside world.

                                 JACK
                        Who’s the chain smoker with the tattoo?

           Kick laughs, rests her chin against Jack’s chest.

                                 KICK
                        Star reporter at work.

                                 JACK
                        Star date stealer, as well.

           Kick glances up to find John White dancing with Inga.

                                 KICK
                        She’s quite smitten over you.
                                 JACK
                        I don’t know how long she’ll last.
                           (off her look)
                        Dad came to see me and found her. 
                        It was not our most pleasant 
                        conversation.

           Kick glances up with worry and confusion.

                                 KICK
                        I got a call about his visit, too.

           Jack stops dancing in worry, but Kick guides him to continue.

                                 JACK
                        Is it Eunice? I thought it was the 
                        flu or something--

           Kick shakes her head. Bites her lower lip.

                                 JACK
                        Pat? Jean? Bobby? Don’t make me--

                                 KICK
                        Rosemary.

           The name stills Jack’s feet, but Kick keeps him moving. A 
           face of utter concern drowns his features.

                                 KICK
                        She’ll pull through. Don’t worry.

           She leans in closer to his chest.

                                 KICK
                        Even if it means you have to show 
                        up and dance with her again.

           Jack emits a small chuckle at some old memory. 

           He lets his sister rest her head on his chest, as they 
           continue the slow, quiet dance around the room.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

                  LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO JOHN F. “JACK” KENNEDY

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Dear Jack, I don’t even know if you’ll 
                        get this or read this. I remember mom 
                        mentioned once that the Navy reads 
                        your mail or something.
           -- The nine Kennedy children (Rosemary now age fifteen) sit 
           in a circle around the tree on Christmas morning.

           -- Rosemary has gained noticeable weight in her developing 
           teenage years. More rounded and plump.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am writing to say thank you. 

           -- Rosemary’s presents include an array of new clothes, 
           ornate bibles, and a few pieces of jewelry.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        This one’s from Jack.

           -- Joe sits in a leather chair near the fireplace like a 
           king. A genuine smile on Christmas morning with his family. 
           Jack sits in a chair beside him. Both in silk pajamas.

           -- Rose sits across from him. Eunice and Kick beside her, 
           while the other Kennedy children sit in a semi-circle nearby.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Oh, Jack!

           -- Rosemary unwraps the paper to unveil a tin box with the 
           label: “Ghirardelli Chocolate Company”.

           -- She leaps over to give Jack a hug.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know mom and dad did not understand, 
                        when you went out of your way with me.

           -- Alone in her room, Rosemary opens the box of chocolates 
           with special ceremony. Closes her eyes. Picks her favorite.

                                 ROSE
                        One.

           -- Rosemary’s eyes drop with a look of devastation, as though 
           she knew this moment was coming.

                                 ROSE
                        As if you need a whole box of 
                        chocolates to yourself.

           -- Rose scoots forward and pinches Rosemary’s gut.

                                 ROSE
                        One.

           -- Disgusted by having to police her child like this, Rose 
           looks to the floor. Waiting for her.
           -- Sadness sweeps over Rosemary’s features. She sighs in 
           annoyance. Eats the chocolate. Wipes her mouth.

           -- Rose SNATCHES the box. Walks out the room. Gently shuts 
           the door, muttering a “Merry Christmas” to the nearest maid.

           -- A humiliated Rosemary buries her face in the pillow.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But it meant more than I can tell you.

           -- KNOCK. KNOCK. Two gentle taps from the door. ERK, the door 
           slides open. Rosemary looks up:

           -- Jack raises his index finger to his lips: “SHH”, closes 
           the door behind him, sneaks toward her bed.

           -- Jack winks. Whispers something into her ear.

           -- She leaps out of bed, jumps the other side of the room, 
           looks into her closet, searches the top shelf...

           -- and finds another box of chocolates. 

           -- She tackles Jack in another bear hug, jumping with joy.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I always wanted to try harder with 
                        mom and dad, and because I knew you 
                        would be there to help me.

           -- At the long family dining room table, Joe sits at the 
           head. Then Joe Jr. and Jack. Then Eunice and Kick. Then 
           Rosemary, positioned beside the younger siblings.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        When dad used to quiz us after dinner...

           -- A nightly ritual at the Kennedy household after dinner.

           -- Joe holds up the front page of the newspaper and reads the 
           headline aloud to the table:

                                 JOE
                        ‘April 5. 1933. Under Executive Order 
                        6102 of the President. All gold coin, 
                        bullion, and certificates now owned 
                        by them to a Federal Reserve Bank...’

           -- The Kennedy Patriarch turns to his children at the table.

                                 JOE
                        Explain this article to the table 
                        in one sentence, Junior.
           -- Joe Jr. gulps. Thinks about it. Declares to the family:

                                 JOE JR..
                        It means President Roosevelt has 
                        criminalized the possession of 
                        monetary gold.

                                 JOE
                        And why, Jack, would the President 
                        do such an outlandish thing?

           -- Jack thinks about it for a minute. Analyzing. Thinking.

                                 JACK
                        President Roosevelt believes that 
                        individuals or corporations hoarding 
                        gold are stalling the economy.

           -- Joe puffs on his pipe, nods in approval.

           -- Each of the children are racking their brains for the next 
           question, considering the headline from every angle.

                                 JOE
                        Kathleen, what might be some other 
                        methods the President may employ to 
                        improve our economic stagnation?

           -- Kick sits still, glances to her empty plate, to her 
           siblings, all of whom are quiet and similarly unsure. Then:

           --Rosemary pipes up from far down the table.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Maybe we could sell some of our 
                        gold? If--if we have some? To help 
                        the economy?

           -- Joe’s disapproving glare and utter disgust for the answer 
           makes Rosemary crumble inside.

                                 JOE
                        Please don’t be stupid, Rosemary. 
                        Just once.

           -- The air turns to glass from the cold remark. Rosemary 
           fights back tears but is quickly losing the battle.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I realize now how brave it was, 
                        when dad was picking on me, for you 
                        to stand up for me..

           -- Rosemary’s face fills with defeat and disappointment.
                                 JACK
                        She’s right.

           -- Jack’s defense causes a wind of surprise to sweep through 
           the room. Joe glances up to his son.

                                 JACK
                        There’s a ten thousand dollar fine 
                        for hoarding, and the Federal Reserve 
                        will exchange every ounce with a 
                        twenty-dollar equivalent.

           -- Joe rears his head back at Jack’s defense, puffs his pipe 
           in a stalemate, but Jack does not break eye contact.

                                 JOE
                        Thank you, Jack. And thank you, 
                        Rosemary, for your analysis and 
                        contribution.

           -- Though the condescension in his voice is clear as day, 
           Rosemary beams with delight. She leans back in her chair, 
           satisfied and overjoyed, glances to Jack. 

           -- He shoots her a wink from across the table.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Everything you did to protect me, 
                        when he and mom would get mad at me.

           -- The siblings trail behind their parents in a bike race.

           -- Rosemary struggles to keep up from the very back.

           -- Jack notices, and while his father SCREAMS for them to 
           hurry up, ERK, Jack brakes his bicycle to wait for Rosemary.

                                 JOE (O.S.)
                        Jack! Let’s go! Come on!

           -- Jack ignores his father’s remarks, waits for Rosemary to 
           pedal her way up the ascending hill...

           -- Her face flushed with sweat. Tired. Exhausted.

                                 JACK
                        Come on, Rosie. Come on...

           -- She finally makes her way up the hill. 

           -- Jack shoots her a wink, and the two pedal forward to catch 
           up with the family.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know you were probably embarrassed, 
                        or mom put you up to it...

           -- Rosemary at school, sixteen years old, in her private room 
           within the all-girls school, and in tears. Spewing that 
           volcanic rage. 

           -- Rose sits in the chair opposite, similarly upset.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Kick has a boyfriend! Eunice has a 
                        boyfriend! This isn’t fai--

                                 ROSE
                        You’re a Kenn--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And I hate it!

           -- Rosemary picks up her pillow and THROWS it at her mom.

           -- Rose stands in shock, not knowing what to do or say.

                                 ROSE
                        Your father and I cannot allow some 
                        boy to be coming in here--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Because you won’t let me! You never 
                        let me! I can’t ever meet anyone! 

           -- Explosive tears burst from within her. Rosemary tries to 
           catch her breath between the tears.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And I’m going to be alone! The only 
                        one in my class...alone.

           -- Rosemary sinks to the floor, buries her face in her knees.

           -- Rose stares at the floor, unable to meet her daughter’s 
           devastated face. Releases a long sigh...

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

           -- The school dance. 

           -- The gymnasium has transformed into a ballroom. The girls 
           in dresses and their dates in tuxes. The nuns chaperoning 
           with totalitarian authority.

           -- Rosemary sits at a table by herself. Glum. The NUN 
           chaperoning her equally despondent.
           -- Rosemary looks out at the dance floor and sees the other 
           students with dates, dancing to the classical music. Then:

                                 JACK (O.S.)
                        Mind if I steal her for a dance, Sister?

           -- Rosemary looks up in utter disbelief.

           -- Jack stands before her in a regal tuxedo. 

           -- A few of the other girls swoon, pointing out the handsome 
           young Kennedy to each other.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But you always made me feel special.

           -- Rosemary tries to hide her smile, but the overwhelming 
           emotion causes a wide grin to spread from cheek to cheek.

           -- The nun nods, and nudges Rosemary to take Jack’s hand. She 
           follows her brother’s lead to the dance floor. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        You made me feel like a person.

           MOMENTS LATER

           -- The song comes to its conclusion. 

           -- Rosemary blushes and smiles with radiating joy. She leans 
           in and whispers to her brother’s ear:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Thanks, Jack.

           -- Jack reaches into his pocket to remove...

           -- a small square of chocolate. 

           - Jack winks. Rosemary bites her lip, takes it...

           -- and quickly eats it. Her eyes closing to savor the moment.

           -- She leans into her brother’s chest, and Jack hears a 
           sniffle, lifts up her chin to see Rosemary’s tears.

                                 JACK
                        You know what mom would say.

           -- Rosemary wipes away the tear with her white gloved-hand.

                                 JACK
                        Kennedy’s don’t cry.
           -- Jack kisses her cheek, wipes the tear of joy, then 
           continues the dance. Rosemary more happy and alive than ever.

           -- As the soft serenade of the song trails into the night...

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

           ...the music becomes replaced by a loud jazz song from:

           INT. THE TOMBS BAR - NIGHT

           Alan and Rosemary dance the night away. As the song finishes, 
           the bar claps in wild applause.

           AT THE BOOTH - MOMENTS LATER

           Rosemary and Alan are exhausted, huffing and regaining breath 
           from the routine. Gloria and her date in the booth behind.

                                 ALAN
                        Shall I light one for you, as well?

           Rosemary’s very British date sets a cigarette upon his lips.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Mom and dad were really against me 
                        smoking. Are against me.

                                 ALAN
                        It’s my last night in America and 
                        you’re not going to share a smoke?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        ....I’m not supposed to.

                                 ALAN
                        Are you supposed to be out at a bar?

           Rosemary tries to hide her small smirk, as Alan lights then 
           hands her a cigarette. She inhales, COUGHS, and COUGHS.

                                 ALAN
                        English tobacco is more of an 
                        acquired taste, I suppose. Last of 
                        my stash, actually.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        At least you’ll be able to pick them up 
                        again soon. When do you have to leave?

           A gentle sadness suddenly invades the mood. 
                                 ALAN
                        The cigarettes.

           He reaches forward and clasps her hand with the cigarette.

                                 ALAN
                        But no Rosie Kent.
                           (grips her hand)
                        Who owes me a story about her time 
                        in London.

           Rosemary blushes, looks away, bites her lower lip.

                                 ALAN
                        When Mr. Kennedy was Ambassador, you 
                        mentioned? What a time that must have 
                        been. Him and Mrs. Kennedy up there in 
                        Buckingham Palace.
                           (off her face)
                        No? Earlier?

           Rosemary’s thoughts are lost in their own world. A sudden 
           horrible recollection of memory unfolding on her.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I have to go, Alan.

                                 ALAN
                        Hmm?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I have to go, I’m sorry.

                                 ALAN
                        Is--did I say something? I 
                        apologize for the cigarette.

           Rosemary stands, grabs her coat, glances to Gloria that she 
           needs to leave. Gloria catches her eye and nods in approval.

                                 ALAN
                        Rosie, what’s happened? 

           She nods, unable to verbally respond. He catches her arm, 
           begs her to look at him in the eyes.

                                 ALAN
                        You’ll be in touch?

           She bites her lower lip and nods.

                                 ALAN
                        Please don’t let this be goodbye.
           Rosemary neither nods nor responds, but hurries to catch up 
           with Gloria outside the door.

           Alan remains slumped in his seat, baffled, replaying the 
           scene in his head to more confusion. 

           His eyes drift down to Rosemary’s still lit cigarette...

           ...picks it up, inhales, then extinguishes the glowing tip.

           EXT. SACRED HEART CONVENT SCHOOL - COURTYARD - NIGHT

           Rosemary and Gloria race across the lawn outside the convent 
           walls, keeping close to the shadows, until arriving:

           AT AN ALCOVE IN THE WALL

           Where a statue of Mary stands within a recession. Similar 
           statues of Elizabeth and Mary Magdalen two recessions over.

           The two sneak behind the statue, and Gloria lowers her hands, 
           binds them together to create a stool for Rosemary to leap:

           OVER THE WALL

           Where she stumbles onto the grass. She GRUNTS, brushes 
           herself off, leans back over the wall, and grabs Gloria’s 
           hands to help her friend climb over.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Gloria, jump you--

           Rosemary YANKS and pulls Gloria over; the two tumble into the 
           grass in a fit of laughter, then pull themselves together...

           ...and sneak across the lawn. Keeping to the shadows.

           The two reach the large double doors at the back of the 
           convent. Gloria gently pulls back the brass doorknob.

           ERK, hinges creak, and the two slip back:

           INSIDE THE CONVENT

           And tip-toe down the narrow, unlighted corridor. They pass 
           each closed door with careful, quiet attention.

           MOMENTS LATER

           The two arrive before the door to their room. As quietly as 
           possible, Gloria removes the key, inserts it into the lock.

           INSIDE THEIR ROOM
           Gloria slips inside, and Rosemary follows behind, locks the 
           door with a CLICK. The two wallow in the quiet for a moment.

                                 GLORIA
                        Alright, girlfriend. You ready to explain 
                        what the hell happened with him--

           CLICK, the lamp across the room turns on. 

           Rosemary’s eyes go wide. She lets out a gasp of shock.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Sis--sister?

           Sister Margaret sits at Rosemary’s desk, but her breath cuts 
           short at the sight of the two men directly to her left:

           DR. FREEMAN sits with a smile. 

           Standing beside him, his professional partner:

           DR. JAMES WATTS. A thirty-seven-year-old man of diminutive 
           height. With boyish features, round glasses, and small 
           serious eyes that widen in study of the two girls before him.

                                 GLORIA
                        It’s my fault! I’m sorry. We can--

           The Sister holds up a hand to halt their protests. Her face 
           filled with dread and defeat.

           The eyes of both girls are locked on the presence of the two 
           unfamiliar men in the room.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        You’re not in trouble. And no one is 
                        upset with you, Rosemary. Rosemary!

           She starts backpedaling, afraid. 

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Gloria dear, would you mind waiting 
                        in my office while we chat with 
                        Rosemary? Alone.

           Gloria glances to Rosemary, whose face only exposes fear.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Please, Gloria. We need not make 
                        more trouble for me to have to call 
                        your parents again, correct?

           Gloria’s chin tilts down in a reluctant nod of agreement.
                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Thank you. It’ll just be one moment.

           Gloria turns. She grips the doorknob, reaches for Rosemary’s 
           hand, gently squeezes it in solidarity, then lets go...

           ...and walks out the door. CLICK. Locks it behind her.

           A cold, dreaded silence expands over the room like mist.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        These two men are doctors, Rosemary. 
                        This is Doctor Freeman and his 
                        partner, Doctor James Watts. Please 
                        introduce yourself.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Not necessary. We’re quite familiar 
                        with you, Rosemary. But please, 
                        despite these circumstances, you 
                        need not be alarmed. We were just 
                        hoping to talk with you.

           The shorter of the two doctors steps forward with a smile.

                                 DR. JAMES WATTS
                        Please, take a seat.

           He pushes forth the chair from the desk, which SCREECHES upon 
           the tiles and causes Rosemary to shudder.

           Nonetheless, she sits upon the chair. Ruffles her skirt.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        We just thought it best to get 
                        acquainted at the earliest possible 
                        convenience.
                           (then)
                        Do you know what acquainted means, 
                        Rosemary?

           As he speaks to her, Dr. Watts removes a white tablet from 
           his coat pocket, reaches for a glass of water on the shelf...

           ...FSS, Dr. Watts drops the pill into the glass of water, 
           watches the pale tablet dissolve, SHAKES the glass.

           The unsettling smiles permanently fixed upon the two men 
           causes a discomforting chill to settle over Rosemary’s face.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        My dad send you?

           The two men exchange a glance, then chuckle.
                                 DR. WATTS
                        You’re more perceptive than he 
                        gives you credit for--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Please.

           She casts the men an icy glare to get on with it. 

           Dr. Watts glances to the glass, gives another vigorous stir.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Very well. As you so astutely noted, 
                        we are here on behalf of your 
                        father. We’re doctors, Rosemary. And 
                        we think we’ve finally arrived at a 
                        solution to your...
                           (searches for the word)
                        Setbacks.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Set...backs?

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Precisely. In academics and so forth.

           Rosemary glances to Sister Margaret, but the principal’s eyes 
           remain glued to the floor. Like a guilty child.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        You--you can make me smarter?

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Something like that.

           A small, insuppressible smile rises across Rosemary’s face.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Well, we’re hoping to, but we need 
                        to do some more tests. We were 
                        hoping you might spend the night 
                        and tomorrow afternoon with us, so 
                        we may monitor certain results.
                           (off Rosemary’s face)
                        And then you can come back here. 
                        Right back here. 

           Rosemary can’t believe what she’s hearing.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        ...and I’ll be smarter? Dad said so?

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        That’s why we’re here.
           Sister Margaret looks nauseous. Hand over her mouth.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        This medicine should help loosen 
                        your nerves, however. If you would.

           He steps forward with the chalky glass of water in hand.

           Rosemary accepts it. Stares at the two men with a smile. They 
           loom over her with eager, predatory eyes.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        So just--

           Dr. Freeman raises the glass to her lips. Rosemary chugs the 
           water; her face twists in sour disgust.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        It’s no chocolate shake, I’ll admit, but--

           Rosemary COUGHS and GAGS on the drink.

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Are we finished here?

           She stands, gripping her stomach, stern and impatient.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        We are. Rosemary, we’re parked just 
                        outside, and the hospital is just a 
                        two-mile drive or so.

           Rosemary’s eyes turn in discomfort, but she nods.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Shall we need anything else, Sister--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        No. We’ll see you then, Rosemary.

           Rosemary stands and grips Sister Margaret’s arm--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Wait.

           But she falters. Grips the doorknob. The doctors rush to 
           catch her. Smiling and reassuring.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Small side effect of drowsiness 
                        with that medicine. Not to worry--

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        Rosemary, I-I tried--
           Her voice chokes on the last word, and she stops herself, 
           takes a deep breath. Then opens the door.

           Freeman and Watts grip Rosemary by each arm, then escort her:

           OUT INTO THE HALLWAY

           Where her best friend and roommate anxiously paces. Her eyes 
           saucer at the sight of these men dragging Rosemary away.

                                 GLORIA
                        Rosemar--!

                                 SISTER MARGARET
                        You. My office. Now.

           She grips Gloria’s arm and YANKS her away.

           Freeman and Watts remain nonplussed, maintaining their rictus-
           like smiles, assisting Rosemary’s drugged walk down the hall.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Bye, Gloria. Bye Sister Marg...

           Her words trail off. Her eyes blinking. Her words slurred.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I really don’t feel good.

           She loses control of her legs. Falters. But the two doctors 
           regrip and steady her balance.

           Their smiles instantly disappear without Sister Margaret’s 
           presence. Dr. Watts leans in close to Rosemary’s ear:

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Rosemary, did you imbibe any alcohol 
                        earlier tonight? We need to know.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        It’s critical to know--do you feel--
                           (watches her for a moment)
                        Trash can! Trash can!

           They nearly shove Rosemary to the nearby garbage can, FLING 
           off the lid, and steady her face over it.

           Rosemary RETCHES with a horrible, nauseating noise. Vomit 
           spews down the receptacle. Her body trembling. GASPING.

           Doors down the hallway begin to CREAK open at the noise.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Pull the car around.
           Freeman does not argue and charges down and out the hallway. 

           Watts slumps Rosemary up, but she stands and...

           BAM, falls to the floor. Her head SLAMS against the tile.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Rosemary...

           Rosemary remains still on the floor. Her breath raspy.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Is...Alan coming....to Englan...I 
                        don’t want him to see me.

           Vomits dribbles out the corner of her mouth. Her eyes flutter 
           and twitch. The calamity of noise and lights fading away.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        To see me fall...

           Her eyes flutter a few more times, fighting the overwhelming 
           darkness...until the lids lose the battle.

           And pass out.

                                                             BLACK.

           RING. RING. RING.

           INT. KENNEDY COMPOUND, BRONXVILLE - ROSE’S STUDY - MORNING

           The gloved hand that belongs to Rose Kennedy answers the 
           blaring phone upon the desk corner within her regal office.

                                 ROSE
                        Good morning, Kathleen. How was the 
                        ball? Did our Jack look swell?

                                 KICK (V.O.)
                        Handsome as ever, mother.

           INT. KICK’S APARTMENT - SAME TIME

           Kick’s medium-sized apartment is in the heart of D.C. The 
           constant chorus of street noise clashes outside her window.

           She sits on the couch against the south wall of the living 
           room, coffee cup in one hand, morning toast in the other.
           She shoulders the phone against her ear, her eyes upon a set 
           of notes on the wood table before her.

           The conversation moves back and forth as needed.

                                 KICK
                        How was your evening?

                                 ROSE (V.O.)
                        Uneventful. We’re preparing for your 
                        father’s return tomorrow morning.

                                 KICK
                        Tomorrow?

                                 ROSE
                        Tomorrow, my dear.

           A long pause from the other end of the phone.

                                 ROSE
                        Kathleen, you’re not as bad as Eunice, 
                        but I can hear it in your voice. Or 
                        your lack thereof, I should say.

           Kick bites her lower lip, worrying about how to word this.

                                 KICK
                        It’s about that...what you asked me 
                        to look into, mother.
                           (then)
                        For Rosemar--

                                 ROSE
                        Yes?

           Rose glances to the open door of her study on the left, 
           verifying that no maid or servant is nearby or eavesdropping. 

                                 KICK
                        It’s--it’s not good, mother. It’s nothing 
                        for our Rosemary.

                                 ROSE
                        Your father said it might help with 
                        her issues. The anger--

                                 KICK (V.O.)
                        No.

           A powerful pause fills the unspoken void.

           Rose pinches the bridge of her nose. The face of perpetual 
           good-cheer crumbling in a tidal wave of emotion.
                                 KICK (V.O.)
                        It is not for Rosemary. I need you 
                        to hear me, mother. Not. For--

                                 ROSE
                        I heard you, Kathleen.

           She pushes her mouth away from the phone to sigh.

                                 ROSE
                        Do I want to ask you to explain in detail?

                                 KICK (V.O.)
                        You do not.

           Rose suddenly snaps out of it. Steels her emotions again.

                                 ROSE
                        Thank you, Kick. That is good to 
                        hear. We will speak again soon.

           CLANG, Rose slams down the phone. The knickknacks of glass 
           CLINKING in tandem from the violent hang up. 

           Rose stands, moves to the door, quietly shuts, and locks it, 
           then returns to the chair. 

           She reaches for her cup of tea, sips, then suddenly--

           --CRACK, Rose THROWS the tea cup against the floor. 

           Glass SHATTERS. 

           The woman of utmost composure crumbles in tears and anguish. 

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

           BZZ...BZZ...BZZZ...BZZ..

           INT. GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - EARLY MORNING

           Locks of brown hair fall from the right side of Rosemary’s 
           head to the cold floor below.

           BZZ. BZZ. She winces, as the razor shaves away another patch 
           of her chestnut brown locks, exposing pale skin.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        It--it tickles.

           She’s dressed in a hospital gown and sits in a wheelchair.
                                 DR. WATTS
                        Well, you’ll be pleased to know 
                        that this is the most painful part 
                        of the procedure.

           The grin across the doctor’s face sets her at ease. 

           Her eyes scan the small room of sterile surroundings.

           Nothing but cold steel and gray tiles. Except on the floor...

           Where her luscious brown hair sits in a dirty, tangled clump.

           Along with the single petal of a rose.

           (This is the same hospital room from earlier, where Joe 
           encountered the lobotomized woman before meeting Freeman.)

           Her eyes remain locked on the splash of dark red amongst her 
           brown hair and a shudder ripples down her features.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        And that’s gonna be it?

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Well, we have our work to do. But 
                        you’ll be awake for it. It’s that 
                        painless. We’ll give you another 
                        drink in a bit, along with a small 
                        shot of novocaine. Just to make 
                        sure you don’t feel anything.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I really don’t like needles.

           Dr. Watts turns off the razor with that same smirk.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Didn’t like being cooped up in that 
                        convent either.

           Rosemary chuckles in an all-too-forced manner.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Well, I need to help Doctor Freeman 
                        make sure we’re all set up now, OK? 
                        Probably be about half an hour or so.

           Rosemary nods, an uneasy feeling manifesting on her face.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Toodle-oo then my dear.

           Rosemary does not understand the expression. 
           Nonetheless, she waits until the doctor has exited the room, 
           gently shutting the door behind him with a CLICK.

           Then pushes her wheelchair forward for the stack of papers 
           and pen at the nearest desk.

           Her hand trembling, Rosemary removes the pen.

           She rests her left hand against the left side of her head, a 
           habit when writing, when she feels the newly shaved section--

           --and reels back in repulsion. She feels the exposed skin, 
           mottled with small razor bumps.

           A nauseous look washes over her features. She grips her 
           stomach. Then the pen. Then starts to write.

           The soft sound of pen scratching against paper turns into:

                        LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO ALAN FRY

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Dear Alan, I am sure this will take 
                        you by surprise. 

           -- The BLARING HORN of an ocean liner departing to sea.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I need to tell you the truth. 
                        To tell you who I am...

           -- Rosemary and Eunice (now twenty-one and eighteen) stand on 
           the ocean liner’s stern, WAVING to an enthusiastic crowd of 
           fans, photographers, and reporters.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am Rosemary Kennedy.

           -- From her view overlooking the receding Atlantic coast, 
           Rosemary waves goodbye to their onlookers.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        My father is Joe Kennedy. The 
                        Ambassador to your beautiful country 
                        of England. I was with him.

           -- Eunice nudges Rosemary’s elbow at a newspaper in her hand 
           with the headline:

           -- “Kennedys Set Sail for London!” Accompanied by a picture 
           of the nine children standing with arms locked on the lawn.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I promised to tell you about my 
                        time there, and I will. Because I 
                        had a nightmare last night. One 
                        that I hope will go away once I 
                        tell someone about it. A nightmare 
                        that started there in England.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

           -- Rosemary and Eunice glance up to the sky to find gathering 
           storm clouds and CRACKLING thunder.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Because I have that nightmare every 
                        time I remember London.

           -- The sudden, morose mood transforms just as quickly when...

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        It started out more amazing than I 
                        could have ever imagined.

           -- TRUMPETS and HORNS announce their arrival upon the English 
           coast. Rosemary and Eunice with big smiles on their faces.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I mean, we stayed in Buckingham 
                        Palace, Alan!

           -- With jaws agape, the two sisters stand before the six-
           story embassy residence that is their new home. The wide-
           double doors swing open, inviting them inside.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I usually forget numbers, but I 
                        remember they said there was twenty-
                        seven bedrooms.

           -- A ballroom of extraordinary carpets and exquisite French 
           paintings. Sunlight sparkles across chandeliers draping from 
           the ceiling within the luxurious room of royalty.

                                 ROSEMARY/EUNICE
                        Dad!

           -- The remaining Kennedy clan greets the late arrivals. The 
           entire family overjoyed with the idea that is their home. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I had never seen mom and dad so happy.

           -- At a comically long dining room table, the Kennedys sit 
           for breakfast. Servants and maids tending to every whim.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Or my brothers and sisters.

           -- The Kennedy children are escorted through the rose garden. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And that’s when I learned I wanted to 
                        be a teacher. When they sent me to the 
                        Montessori school in Hertfordshire.

           -- Rosemary’s led within a classroom, where an assortment of 
           teachers follow behind her like soldiers.

           -- Her big green eyes soak in the avant-garde learning 
           classroom: filled with markers, blocks, and colored papers.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I was finally doing good. I knew what 
                        I wanted to do. That I could teach 
                        children like me.

           -- Rosemary sits on the floor, guiding students with flash 
           cards arranged in the Montessori teaching style.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I guess now is a good time to 
                        explain...why I was afraid of 
                        telling you more about me.

           -- A TEACHER praises Rosemary’s work, and she radiates with a 
           pride that she has never felt before.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        When I was little, I took a test that 
                        said I was slow. 

           -- Rose praises Rosemary’s report card, while Joe argues with 
           someone on the phone. Jack patiently beside his father.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        It said I was a moron.

           -- Jack shoots her a wink, and Rosemary bites her lip with 
           joy at showing her report card from the new school.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I’m not. I’m just not as smart 
                        as the rest of my family.

           -- Within the majestic walls of Buckingham Palace, a guide 
           offers history lessons toward the architectural style.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I try. And I get by. 
           -- Rosemary cannot keep up for the life of her. She glances 
           to Eunice, Kick, Jack, Joe Jr., and even her four younger 
           siblings similarly enraptured with the lesson.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Except they really didn’t want me 
                        to screw up this time. Not here. 

           -- Rosemary gulps, looks up to the incredibly high ceiling, 
           feeling very small and overwhelmed within the grand palace.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Mom and dad had just learned about Queen 
                        Elizabeth’s grandfather: Lord Strathmore.

           -- Joe and Rose stand before a portrait painting within one 
           of the many monumental halls of Buckingham Palace, where a 
           guide explains the peculiar-looking Lord before them.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        He was born wrong like me, too. Except 
                        his was worse. A lot, lot worse.

           -- Rose’s features scrunch in disgust at the oddly-shaped 
           head of Lord’s portrait painting. She glances to Joe...

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        He was born with his head shaped 
                        like an egg and had little legs 
                        and hair over his whole body.

           -- Joe studies the painting of the strange-looking Lord. His 
           blue eyes filled with worry, disgust, and repulsion.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        The King and Queen were so 
                        embarrassed that they hid him in 
                        the attic until he died.

           -- Rose shudders, her eyes on Joe and the next painting, 
           though her thoughts are clearly still occupied with the last 
           painting and its story, where she keeps glancing back.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And mom didn’t want them to think 
                        that I was like that. Even though I 
                        wasn’t smart either.

           -- A team of tailors measure Rosemary’s waist, arms, bust.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I think I’m kind of funny looking, 
                        I admit. 
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But as you are aware, Alan, my head 
                        does not look like an egg and I am 
                        not covered in hair.

           -- Rose watches the tailors flocking her daughter.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        She was worried, because it was 
                        mother’s job to pick the American 
                        debuantes to present to Queen 
                        Elizabeth and King George. 

           -- Rosemary smiles back. Enjoying this fairy tale.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        She picked Kick and me. (Kick is my 
                        sister Kathleen.)

           -- Her mother smiles back. Hopeful and proud of her daughter.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But this was different. Jack had been 
                        the only boy to ever dance with me, 
                        and I could not make mom or dad angry 
                        and mess up in front of the Queen.

           -- Rosemary balances one hand upon a brass bar, dressed in a 
           leotard, practicing a ballet exercise.

           -- She bends toward the wooden floor, her left knee crooked, 
           foot behind, and back perfectly straight...

           -- THUNK, Until she falls with a thunderous CRASH.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        So I practiced for hours.

           -- A TEACHER instructs Rosemary how to curtsy.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And hours.

           -- Rosemary wears a curtain as an ersatz dress train and fake 
           flowers in place of the bouquet that will soon be in hand.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And hours.

           -- Rosemary walks down an imitation walkway toward the 
           TEACHER (pretending to be the Queen at her throne).

           -- She gives a kick so that her foot does not catch her gown.
           -- Then curtseys with a smile, dipping low...

           -- THUNK. Until she falls. Tripping on the curtain/gown. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And hours.

           -- Rosemary bends for the low curtsey with a smile...

           -- THUNK, and falls again.

           -- The Teacher sighs and pinches the bridge of her nose.

                                 TEACHER
                        Again.

           -- Rosemary walks down the aisle, kicks her foot out, bends 
           down, holds the position. Balances. Finally...

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Until I could do it.

           -- She smiles. Stands back up. And walks left.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Again and again and again.

           -- Rosemary and Kick in the midst of another practice. They 
           kick out their foot, dip into the low curtsy, rise, move 
           three sides to the left, perform the same routine...

           -- Rosemary breaks into sweat from both the concentration of 
           nerves and physical exhaustion.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And again and again.

           -- Rosemary kicks, curtsies, steps to the left, curtsies.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Until I knew I had it.

           -- Rosemary kicks, cursties, steps to the left, curtsies.

           -- Then finally stands and lets out a breath of relief.

           - CLAP...CLAP...CLAP. The room of teachers, coaches, and 
           other servants all clap in approval of her perfect form.

           -- Rosemary smiles, wipes her forehead. Bites her lower lip.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And then it was the big day.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

           -- Rosemary and Kick enter the red-carpeted stairway of the 
           palace. Retainers and guards line the walls, wearing scarlet 
           coats and plumed helmets. The guards in stern Tudor uniforms.

           -- The two Kennedy sisters wear elegant white gowns with 
           white tulle trains and gossamer-thin net.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I’d never been so nervous in my life.

           -- A feeling of utter seriousness saturates the setting. An 
           atmosphere of military precision within this royal ritual.

           -- Rosemary gulps in worry. The proceeds forward:

           -- The sisters pass an anteroom and take their spots amongst 
           several other debutantes. Lined in pairs for several rows.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I thought I could do it.

           -- Rosemary and Kick stand in the anteroom like statues. Lily 
           of the valley bouquets in hand.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And then it was time.

           -- Kick shoots Rosemary a wink of encouragement. 

                                 LORD CHAMBERLAIN (O.S.)
                        Miss Kathleen Kennedy.
                           (pauses)
                        Miss Rosemary Kennedy.

           -- Rosemary inhales a final deep breath, then proceeds into:

           -- The Throne Room. 

           -- A room whose interior resembles something closer to an 
           oversized jewel. Striking reds, golds, and whites nearly 
           blind the two sisters in the resplendence of royalty. 

           -- They proceed down the red carpet, passing the congregation 
           of Lords and other observers dressed in regal attire, toward:

           -- The golden chairs of the King and Queen. Just to the left:

           -- Rose and Joe stand side-by-side. Joe in a black tailcoat 
           and white tie. Rose in a beautiful white gown.
           -- Rosemary feels the stares from the hundreds of eyes upon 
           her but keeps her vision trained upon:

           -- A little gold crown upon the red carpet--the mark to stop-- 
           just before the King in his field marshall’s uniform.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And then it happened.

           -- Finally, the sisters arrive at their mark. 

           -- They kick to free their skirts, curtsy in the low style of 
           their practice, retain the pose for a very long moment. 

           -- Then, upholding their smiles, they take three steps to the 
           right, repeat the curtsy before the Queen.

           -- A silence as thick as glass solidifies within the room.

           -- Kick notices Rosemary’s wobbling, but returns her gaze to 
           the Queen. The two rise from the low curtsy, when:

           -- Rosemary loses balance, trips over her skirt--

           -- THUNK.

           -- And falls. 

           -- The moment slows to a screeching halt.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Sometimes it feels like that moment 
                        never stopped.

           -- Rosemary looks up:

           -- The Queen and King smile as though nothing has happened, 
           CLAPPING with the rest of the congregation.

           -- Rose looks devastated but retains her smile.

           -- Joe does not clap. His face fraught with embarrassment.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I saw dad’s face.

           -- Kick instantly reaches for Rosemary’s hand, helps her 
           sister rise back to her feet, and step out of view.

           -- Slight murmurs of disbelief rise in a steady tide behind 
           them, as the crowd continues to clap until their exit.

           -- The sisters keep their eyes trained on the Royal couple, 
           though Rosemary’s gaze remains locked upon:
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        That’s when I saw it.

           -- Joe, who refuses to clap, his face smarting with shame.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        That dad thought I was no different 
                        than the strange-looking Lord in 
                        the painting. Even with the Kennedy 
                        name, I had failed him.

           -- Lord Chamberlain announces the next pair of debutantes to 
           curtsy before the Royal couple.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I was no better than the Lord with 
                        the egg head and the hairy body 
                        that the Royal Family kept hidden 
                        in the attic.

           -- Upon reaching the darkened room off to the side, tears 
           swim down Rosemary’s face from her failure.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And he would never look at me the same.

           -- Rosemary flees from the rest of the debutantes, and Kick 
           immediately chases after her.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I told you about the nightmare I 
                        had last night. The one that 
                        happens when I remember what 
                        happened in England. 

           -- Rosemary lies alone in her royal bedroom that night, 
           weeping into her oversized pillow.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        The first time I had that nightmare 
                        was the night I fell...when I 
                        dreamed I lost my whole family.

                                                      FADE TO WHITE.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Joe Jr. leaves and never says goodbye.

           -- Joe Jr. pilots a B-24 over the waters of Northern France. 
           He radioes in a command, pushes a button...

           -- A bomb drops from the aircraft. Then:

           KA-BOOM. 
           -- Joe Jr.’s aircraft explodes from a premature detonation in 
           a burst of a thousand flames.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Jack goes blind on a hot day. 

           -- Jack waves from the Presidential motorcade to the cheering 
           crowd in Dallas. Jackie Kennedy in her pink suit beside him.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Then it goes dark. And cold.

           -- Waving as they pass the grassy knoll, pass the Texas 
           School Book Despository...

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And we never see him again.

           BLAM. 

           -- Jack’s head explodes from the blast of a bullet. His blood 
           and brain splattered against his wife’s pink dress.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Kick falls. And I can’t catch her hand.

           -- VROOM, A short-haul airliner violently rises and falls 
           against a turbulent thunderstorm.

           -- In the plane, Kick and her husband grip each other’s hands 
           from the seats behind the cockpit. As the plane drops--

           -- And swoops down toward the crag of a mountain. 

           -- She closes her eyes, prepared for death, as the ROAR and 
           crash of the plane deafens her world into a silent abyss.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And even my little brothers. They  
                        start screaming, crying in the dark.

           BOOM. 

           -- Robert F. Kennedy falls to the floor of the Ambassador 
           Hotel. Assassinated. Blood drips from his forehead and pools 
           around his corpse. His wife, Ethel, SHRIEKING behind him.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Somewhere cold. Ugly. And cursed.

           -- ERK, POP. Ted Kennedy steers his ‘67 Oldsmobile off a 
           bridge and into dark, murky waters of Chappaquiddick Island.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And dad, I hear him screaming. Alone.

           -- Joe Kennedy, years and years later, having suffered a 
           stroke. Confined to a wheelchair. His face paralyzed. Drool 
           spilling out the corner his mouth.

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And then I wake up. And remember 
                        that’s when everything changed. When 
                        we left England and came back home.

           -- Rosemary looks out the window of a Pan Am clipper, soaring 
           across the Atlantic waters back to America.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Except it didn’t feel like home anymore.

           -- Trucks and boxes surround the Kennedy’s Bronxville 
           compound. The family packing for the move to leave.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And dad sent me away. 

           -- From the back of a limousine, Rosemary watches with tears 
           in her eyes as her childhood home recedes from view.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Not like in England, but another 
                        school where I didn’t belong.

           -- Rosemary and Sister Margaret meet for the first time, 
           tentatively shaking hands.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Where I wasn’t like everyone else. 
                        And had to get away again.

           -- Sister Margaret shows Rosemary her new dorm room, where 
           Gloria turns to introduce herself.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know this is probably a lot, and 
                        you may not believe me, but I had 
                        to tell someone. I’d never told 
                        anyone. Not even mom or Eunice.

           -- Joe Kennedy and Sister Margaret argue with Rosemary for 
           running away in a replay of the scene from the beginning.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Except now I’m going to belong, and 
                        they are going to make me better. 
                        And I hope we can meet again.

           -- Rosemary and Alan dance at the bar. Big smiles on both 
           faces. The two like any other college couple.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I have one more letter to write 
                        before I get better and can see you 
                        again. Until then, Alan.

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

           FLASHBACK - INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - OVAL OFFICE - MORNING

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        Mr. Ambassador.

           Within the Oval Office, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt 
           wheels from behind the Hoover desk to a small shelf lined 
           with alcoholic drinks at the east wall. Joe walks forward to 
           shake the President’s hand.

                                 JOE
                        Mr. President.

           Roosevelt laughs, plops two ice cubes into a cocktail shaker, 
           rattles the drink, then pours himself a small glass.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        I don’t know if you saw this picture in 
                        the Boston Post from your landing...

           Joe sits at the chair across the Hoover desk, as Roosevelt 
           wheels back behind it with his drink.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        Quite touching.

           The President hoists up a picture of Joe returning from 
           England being greeted by his large family.

                                 JOE
                        I was very happy to be back, Mr. 
                        President. Very happy to see my 
                        family again.

           Roosevelt offers a soft smile, clasps his hands together.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        But not me.
           Joe smirks, a sudden tension between the two.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        Because I don’t know if you saw 
                        this other headline in the paper 
                        just after your landing...

           Roosevelt finds the paper beneath a stack, hoists it up:

           “KENNEDY ANGRY AT PRESIDENT” 

           Then SMACKS the paper back upon the desk. Quoting it:

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        ‘The President is pushing us into 
                        the war...the administration has 
                        talked a lot and done very little.’

                                 JOE
                        Mr. President, I am damn sore at 
                        the way I have been treated--

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        As what?! As a Roman Catholic 
                        Ambassador to London? As a clear 
                        confidant to the President of the 
                        United States?

                                 JOE
                        As a damn fool, Mr. President. 
                        Trashing me in the press. 
                        Corresponding with Churchill than 
                        through me. That you had ‘lost 
                        confidence in your ambassador’--

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        That was taken out of context.

                                 JOE
                        Context.

           The word spits out of his mouth dripped with venom. 

           Both men ease their tone, take a deep breath.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        I am not here to engage in a debate 
                        with you, Joe.

                                 JOE
                        I was the one requested to meet here, 
                        Mr. President...because I believe it is 
                        you, who wants something from me. 
           President Roosevelt remains silent, refusing to answer. Then:

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        What I want is for you to make a speech 
                        to the American public on the radio.

           Roosevelt points to a radio near the shelf with the drinks.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        And urge for the President’s re-election. 

           Joe reels back in disbelief, shakes his head.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        I am in the midst of a re-election 
                        campaign, and you know very well how 
                        important a speech of support from you 
                        and your wife would mean.

                                 JOE
                        I am very well aware--

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        And I promise that after the speech, 
                        that those who tarnished your name 
                        will be cleaned out of this White 
                        House. That those who dared to insult 
                        America’s most esteemed Ambassador 
                        will be swiftly dealt with.

                                 JOE
                        ...Is that all you’ve got?

           Roosevelt laughs, sips his drink, swirls the ice cubes. He 
           then picks up the Boston Globe paper with the Kennedy 
           children swarming Joe’s arrival on the tarmac.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        I stand in awe of your relationship 
                        with your children, Mr. Kennedy. 
                        For a man as busy as you are, it is 
                        a rare achievement.

           The President finishes his drink, folds his hand together, 
           and looks Joe Kennedy straight in the eyes.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        And I for one, will do all I can to 
                        help you, if your boys should ever 
                        run for political office.

           Roosevelt TAPS, TAPS his finger upon the faces of Joe Jr. and 
           Jack within the picture.
           Joe’s face flushes with a much more cooperative color, then 
           grins with an undisguisable smile, before he attempts to 
           reapply his poker face as best he is able.

                                 JOE
                        I will make the speech, Mr. 
                        President. But I will pay for it 
                        myself, show it to nobody in 
                        advance, and say what I wish.

           Roosevelt smiles with a sly smirk, holds up an index finger.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        It also goes without saying then, that 
                        much more attention will be paid to 
                        you and your family’s public life. 

           Joe waits for further explanation. The President sighs.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        I am, of course, addressing those 
                        rumors that these same papers love to 
                        kick around: the blondes that sneak 
                        into your vacation home, the unsavory 
                        fellows linked to organized crime 
                        that keep finding their way into 
                        certain Kennedy circles...
                           (pauses)
                        Public appearance is the only 
                        appearance America sees, Joe.

           Roosevelt rolls forward so that his wheelchair peeks just out 
           the corner of the desk...for Joe to realize and understand.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        And why I will be shaking your hand 
                        from behind this desk, rather than 
                        in front of it.

           Roosevelt extends his hand to seal the agreement.

           Joe stands, looming over the President in acknowledgement.

                                 JOE
                        We are in understanding, Mr. 
                        President. I expect us both to 
                        uphold our end of it going forth.

           Joe grips the President’s hand.

                                 PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
                        We shall.
           The President and Ambassador shake hands, refusing to break 
           eye contact, nodding in agreement to the future.

                                                      FADE TO WHITE.

           INT. JOE’S LIMOUSINE - MORNING

           As the long limousine passes a parallel street to the White 
           House, Joe shakes his head from the memory of the meeting and 
           turns his attention away from the window to the driver.

                                 JOE
                        Come again, Eddie?

           The driver (EDDIE) looks into the rear-view mirror, repeats:

                                 EDDIE
                        I said Mrs. Kennedy left word just after 
                        you checked out. Would you like to call 
                        her back before or after?

           Joe glances to his gold watch, considers.

                                 JOE
                        How long until we’re there?

                                 EDDIE
                        About half an hour.

           Joe glances to his breast pocket, where he gazes upon the 
           withered red rose secreted within it.

                                 JOE
                        After.

           The driver nods, returns his eyes to the road.

           Joe brushes the red rose and exhales a long, tired sigh.

                                                             BLACK.

                                 DR. FREEMAN (V.O.)
                        Good morning, Rosemary.

           INT. GEORGE WASHINGTON U. - OPERATING ROOM - LATE MORNING

           Rosemary’s eyes flutter between open and closed, her voice 
           disoriented and confused.
                                 ROSEMARY
                        Dad?

           Harsh bright lights shine down from above, silhouetting the 
           faces of Dr. Freeman and Watts, their mouths covered by 
           surgeon masks. Rosemary then tilts her vision down to find:

           She is in a hospital gown, lying on her back, her head on a 
           sandbag acting as a pillow. Her arms strapped to the chair.

           Two burr holes have been drilled into the sides of her head. 
           Just below the temple and just above the eye, both about an 
           inch thick in circumference.

           She tries to wiggle her arm free, but the constraints 
           paralyze any movement whatsoever. She GRUNTS.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Now, now, Rosemary. This will be over--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        D-dad--

                                 DR. WATTS
                        You’ll be able to see him very soon.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I need you to send my letters to 
                        Alan and Dad. 

           Her voice becomes riddled with sudden, extreme fear.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I don’t feel good.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        Rosemary, we need you to listen to us for 
                        everything to go smoothly, OK?

           Rosemary again blinks in a disoriented haze.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I-I don’t feel good at all.

                                 DR. WATTS
                        That’s the novocaine, Rosemary. It’s 
                        going to make sure you don’t feel any 
                        worse throughout the procedure, OK?

           Rosemary GULPS, confused, but nods.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I’m--I’m gonna feel better, righ--?
                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        We need you to count backwards from 
                        ten, Rosemary. Can you do that?

           Rosemary bites her bottom lip, thinks, then begins.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Ten...nine. Eight. Seven. Six. 
                        Five. Four. Three. Two. One.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Excellent. We’re going to need you 
                        to repeat that a few times 
                        throughout the operation, OK?

           Rosemary tilts down her chin in a nod.

           Freeman turns to Watts, offers a nod to proceed. Watts 
           reaches behind him for the tray of tools:

           The tubing of a hypodermic needle, a tool that resembles a 
           blunt butter knife, a hemostat, a scalpel, and a sponge.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        OK, Rosemary. If you could repeat 
                        that for me once more.

           Watts passes the tubing and blunt knife to Freeman.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Ten. Nine. Eight...

           Freeman inserts the tubing into the right side of Rosemary’s 
           skull through the burr hole, wedging the path clear.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Seven..Six...

           Freeman removes the tubing, and Watts cleans errant drops of 
           blood that drip out the wound with the sponge.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Five...Four...

           Freeman finds the blunt knife, inserts the blade into the 
           hole within her skull, wiggling the knife toward her brain.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Three. Two--

           BAM. 

           Rosemary SHRIEKS, as Freeman JAMS the knife pass bits of bone 
           blocking the way.
                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        I am so sorry about that, Rosemary. 
                        That should be the worst of it. 
                        Keep counting though. Don’t stop.

           Rosemary WINCES in pain. Takes a deep breath. 

                                 ROSEMARY
                        One.

           Freeman TWISTS the knife with a SLIIKT sound, scraping away 
           at her brain’s prefrontal lobe to perform the lobotomy.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Excellent, Rosemary! Excellent job.

           Freeman slowly removes the blunt knife, and Watts soaks up 
           blood that drips from the blade with the bloodied sponge.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        We’re going to have to do it once 
                        more, Rosemary.

           Rosemary blinks and blinks and blinks. Her breathing erratic.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        I’m...I don’t...good. I feel dizzy. I 
                        can’t--I can’t see--

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        You’re going to feel so much better in a 
                        few minutes, darling. You must trust me.

           A tear slips out the corner of Rosemary’s eye, slides down 
           her cheek, and splashes upon the cold floor below.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Do you feel any pain now?

           Rosemary doesn’t respond. Remaining oddly silent. Continuing 
           to blink and breathe in unnatural motions.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Alright, Rosemary. Count again.

           Another long moment of tense quiet. Then:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Ten. Nine. Eight...

           Freeman seizes the blunt knife, inserts the blade within the 
           burr hole above her eyes, slowly wiggles it inside...
                                 ROSEMARY
                        I need Eunice, p-please. Or mothe--

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Count, Rosemary. Count!

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Seven! Six...

           BAM. 

           The knife SLAMS against bone.

           Rosemary SCREAMS at the top of her lungs.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Almost there, Rosemary. Keep 
                        counting. Just a little bump.

           Tears pour out Rosemary’s eyes from the unbelievable pain. 

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Something...wrong--

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        COUNT!

                                 ROSEMARY
                        S-Six. Five...

           Freeman turns the handle of the knife in three fast motions. 
           Cutting. Cutting. Cutting. SLIKT. SLIKT. SLIKT.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Four. Thre--

           Rosemary SPITS in an involuntary motion. Bits of vomit and 
           drool spurt from her mouth without control.

           Watts immediately cleans these fluids with the sponge.

           Rosemary’s eyes, lips, and torso begin to quiver in similar 
           neurological disfunction.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Rosemary?

                                 ROSEMARY
                        ...mom...plea--mm--

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Rosemary, I need you to count one 
                        more time and we’re done, OK?
           Rosemary breathes, her eyes twitching. Tries as best she can:

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Nine...f-f-f...four...

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        No, Rosemary. Remember? Ten, nine--

                                 ROSEMARY
                        tired...

           She can’t complete the sentence. Her entire body disagreeing 
           with her brain. Her system shutting down.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        We’re almost home, Rosemary.

           No response. He and Watts exchange a look.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        ROSEMARY! COUNT!

           Watts again cleans the blood dripping from her forehead with 
           the sponge, as Rosemary somehow begins again.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        T--ten...n...n...

           Freeman grips the blunt knife, wiggles it within her skull, 
           pauses at that same stop.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        Nnnnnn...sev--

           She violently INHALES, her brain searching, her eyes wild. 
           Freeman prepares himself, adjust the blade.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        S--ss---s...ven--

           BAM.

           Rosemary SCREECHES and JERKS in wild abandon. Her voice 
           uttering a primal cry like steel crashing against metal.

           Even the doctors shudder from the painful noise. Then:

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        There we go. Come on, Rosemary. You 
                        got it, seven...six...

           Freeman turns the knife three final times. 

           SLIKT. SLIKT. SLIKT.
                                 ROSEMARY
                        F--f---f...

           Freeman slowly removes the knife, which drips with bits of 
           blood, brain, and gore that Watts removes with the sponge.

                                 ROSEMARY
                        F....ff.....f...

           Her lips stop moving. Her eyes glazed over. Her body still.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Rosemary? 

           Nothing. Rosemary as still as a statue.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Rosemary, can you hear me?

           Rosemary’s eyes remain vacant and distant. Her body 
           motionless. Though she breathes in mechanical function.

           Freeman turns to Watts. 

           He nods. 

           The two doctors stand and switch off the overhead light.

           The doctors drape a blanket over her body, and close her  
           big, emerald green eyes frozen in an unblinking stare.

           Rosemary remains still and unmoving. 

           Silent. 

           Gone.

                                                      FADE TO BLACK.

                                                           FADE IN:

           EXT. GEORGE WASHINGTON U. HOSPITAL - AFTERNOON

           Joe Kennedy steps out the limousine, adjusts his bowler hat, 
           and buttons his three-piece blue suit.

           He stares ahead at the looming tower of glass and steel, 
           inhales a confident breath, then steps forward.
           INT. GEORGE WASHINGTON U. HOSPITAL - FREEMAN’S OFFICE - 
           MOMENTS LATER

           KNOCK. KNOCK. KNOCK. Forced to wait, Joe suddenly stretches 
           his fingers in a nervous motion. Anxious. 

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Mr. Kennedy. Come in.

           The doctor retains an upbeat mood and invites him:

           INSIDE HIS OFFICE

           He points to the chair across from his desk, where Joe sits.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        You’re leaving D.C. tonight I under--

           Joe swiftly raises a hand to stop the small talk.

                                 JOE
                        I think you can understand that I 
                        am anxious to hear about the 
                        results of the operation performed 
                        upon my first born daughter.

           Freeman offers a smile, though the words have sent a visible 
           wave of alarm across his features.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        As--as you know, this is a new 
                        procedure. Rosemary being one of 
                        the very first in America to 
                        receive this treatment.

           Joe’s deep blue eyes narrow in concern.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Consequentially, there’s not a 
                        hundred percent rate of success. As-
                        -as I warned you.

           Joe again holds up his hand, massages his forehead.

           A very pregnant pauses fills the space between them. 

                                 JOE
                        Do I need to worry about Rosemary 
                        escaping from wherever we put her?

           Freeman figures how best to word this, then simply answers.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        N-No.
                                 JOE
                        Do I need to worry about her 
                        speaking out again?

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        N-No. But--

                                 JOE
                        Do I need to worry about her having 
                        another violent mood swing. Manic 
                        energy or volcanic anger?

           Freeman exhales a long sigh, shakes his head. Understanding.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        No.

                                 JOE
                        Then it was a success.

           The doctor considers the definition, but does not refute it.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        I just want you to be aware of the 
                        complications going forth.

           Joe nods for him to continue.

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Rosemary will need constant care for 
                        the rest of her life. She’s--she’s... 
                        her mind is somewhere closer to that 
                        of a three-year-old at bes--

                                 JOE
                        These are all issues that the money 
                        can take care of...correct?

           Disgust momentarily flits across Freeman’s face before he 
           quickly discards it, then nods.

                                 JOE
                        Let me see her.

           OUTSIDE ROSEMARY’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Freeman KNOCKS on the door, waits for a NURSE to exit. She 
           offers a passing nod to both, then Freeman opens the door:

           INSIDE ROSEMARY’S ROOM
           Within the small, isolated room without any furnishings, Joe 
           softly shuts the door behind him.

           As his face sinks in utter devastation.

           Rosemary sits in a wheelchair, looking out a window, black 
           silk sutures just below her partially shaved head.

                                 JOE
                        Rosemary?

           Drool slips down the edge of her mouth. Her big green eyes 
           distant and vacant.

           Joe kneels before the wheelchair of his lobotomized daughter, 
           a blanket draped over her knees, and stares in her eyes.

                                 JOE
                        Rosemary.

           She does not respond. Her vision turned toward the window. 
           Her entire existence now the shadow of a human being.

                                 JOE
                        Rosemary, stop it now...

           Involuntary tears blossom out the corners of her unblinking 
           eyes, slide down her cheek, and splash upon his hand.

                                 JOE
                        Kennedy’s don’t...

           His voice breaks, and the Kennedy father lets out a guttural 
           noise from somewhere deep within his soul. 

           Tears of his own escape out the edges of his dark blue eyes.

           Joe stifles his sobs, wipes the tears beneath his glasses, 
           and looks deep into his daughter’s big green eyes.

                                 JOE
                        Kennedys don’t cry.

           Rosemary remains still and unmoving, though she breathes and 
           mumbles in mechanical function.

           Joe removes the withered rose from his breast pocket, grabs 
           Rosemary’s hand, and wraps the rose within her palm.

           Joe finally stands, wipes his last remaining tears, kisses 
           the top of her head, and turns to leave the room.

           His hand pauses before the doorknob, as Joe inhales another 
           deep breath, steels his emotions, then turns for a last look:
           Rosemary Kennedy is gone. 

           She drops the rose from her palm to the floor.

           Joe turns the doorknob, walks out the room, and slams the 
           door closed that will hide his daughter behind it.

           Forever.

           INT. GEORGE WASHINGTON U. HOSPITAL - FREEMAN’S OFFICE - 
           MOMENTS LATER

           Joe and Freeman return to the latter’s office. 

                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        Mr. Kennedy, I want to assure you--

                                 JOE
                        Let me explain what will happen now.

           Joe crosses his legs, flattens a wrinkle on his jacket.

                                 JOE
                        I am going to pay you. A lot of 
                        money. You, your associate, that 
                        nurse that I just saw exit her room.
                           (then)
                        Rosemary’s name--the Kennedy name in 
                        any capacity--shall be deleted from 
                        your records. This shall not be 
                        spoken of, and if you do, be assured 
                        that I will use every weapon at my 
                        disposal to silence you.

           The two share an unspoken understanding in their eyes.

                                 JOE
                        My assistant, Mr. Eddie Moore, 
                        will be in touch about 
                        transporting Rosemary to an 
                        institution in New York in the 
                        very near future.

           Freeman absorbs the demand with a face of shock and awe.

                                 JOE
                        Is there anything else then?

           Freeman remains stunned by the suddenness of it all. Then:
                                 DR. FREEMAN
                        She--she wanted me to give you 
                        these letters. They’re addressed to 
                        you and a friend.

           Freeman hands Joe two envelopes. The name “ALAN” on the front 
           of the first. The name “DAD” written across the second.

           Joe studies the two envelopes, then picks up the one that 
           says “ALAN”...

           ...SHHRKT. And rips it in half. SHRRKT. Then again. SHHRKT. 
           Rips it again. Then again. Then again. Until nothing but 
           shreds of the letter remain.

           He stares at the envelope with his name on it, then pockets 
           the letter within his jacket.

                                 JOE
                        Is there a private telephone I may use?

           Dumbfounded, Freeman nods. Gestures for him to follow.

           INTO A STORAGE ROOM IN BACK

           Medical devices and equipment are housed in little glass 
           cabinets. Boxes of various sorts stacked along the walls.

           Joe finds the telephone affixed to the wall, inhales another 
           long breath for the difficult conversation ahead, then dials.

           INT. KENNEDY COMPOUND, BRONXVILLE - ROSE’S STUDY - SAME TIME

           BRNG. BRNG. Most of the knickknacks and personal mementos 
           within the room have been packed into nearby moving boxes.

           Except for the phone, which Rose answers, as she continues 
           packing a few more small items into a box on the desk.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        Afternoon, sweetheart. How’s 
                        packing coming along?

           Rose reels back in shock at the affectation from her husband.

                                 ROSE
                        Quite well, Joe. Thank you. Don’t 
                        you have a flight to catch?

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        ...Is the house closed yet?
                                 ROSE
                        Still a few more things here and there. 
                        Nine children will do that, I suppose.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        Fantastic. I’ll meet you in Hyannis 
                        Port then.

                                 ROSE
                        Don’t want one last look at the old 
                        home? This is where we made our life, 
                        Joe. Where we raised our children.

           A long pause from the other end of the phone.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        We move forward into the future, 
                        Rose. Not looking back.

           A sudden crack of concern breaks Rose’s mood.

                                 ROSE
                        Did--did you say goodbye to Jack 
                        and Kick?

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        No, not since I saw Jack earlier.

           Rose closes her eyes, afraid to ask.

                                 ROSE
                        ...And Rosemary?

           Another long, dreaded pause from the other end of the phone.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        She’s been taken care of.

           Rose scrunches her features. Waits for further explanation.

                                 ROSE
                        What--what does that mean, Jo--

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        I will take care of Rosemary going 
                        forward.  She will be treated by 
                        the best doctors, with the best 
                        medicines available, but you need 
                        not ever worry about her again.

           Tears slip out Rose’s eyes. She catches her voice.
                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        You need not mention her in any 
                        letters, in any social settings, in any 
                        interviews, in any capacity of any 
                        public sort. She is taken care of.

           Understanding everything in one horrible moment, Rose bites 
           her lower lip, suppressing a horrible deep moan, but fails.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        We have eight other children on the 
                        verge of defining America’s future.

           Gasps, tears, and terrible groans bubble up from within her.

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        Do you understand me, Rose?

           She can only nod, unable to find her voice, mascara running 
           down her cheeks from the wave of tears. Then:

                                 JOE (V.O.)
                        I’ll see you soon.

           CLICK. The line goes dead.

           Rose drops the phone and crumbles to the chair. 

           She covers her mouth with her hand. Doing her best to choke 
           back the roiling emotions rising to the surface.

           She crumbles to the chair. Crying. Alone. Her life changed.

           Her daughter gone.

           INT. JOE’S LIMOUSINE - LATER

           Joe re-enters the long limousine, thanks his driver, then 
           plops into his former position in the back seat.

           The vehicle slowly accelerates, and Joe removes his hat. 
           Allows himself to indulge in the private solitude.

           Finally, he reaches into his suit and finds...

           The envelope with “DAD” written across the front. 

           He turns it over, RIPS the seal, unfolds the pages, then 
           begins to read:

                     LETTER FROM ROSEMARY KENNEDY TO JOE P. KENNEDY
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Dear dad. I am about to go in for 
                        the operation. I know you are busy, 
                        but I hope you will read this.

           -- The limousine rolls past the streets of Washington. 

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I know I make you angry and 
                        frustrated...Because I will never 
                        be like everyone else, or be the 
                        daughter you wanted.

           -- From the Bronxville home, Rose picks up the phone and 
           dials a number. Choking back more tears.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Because you want the best.

           -- From her dorm room in Manhattanville, Eunice hears the 
           news from her mother over the telephone and breaks down.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And that is not me.

           -- She THROWS the telephone across the room and buries her 
           face in her hands.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I always tried growing up. All I ever 
                        wanted was to be as good as you, or 
                        mom, or Joe Jr., or Jack, or Kick.

           -- Kick receives the phone call from her office at work.

           -- She drops the phone, clutches her stomach. Pales.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But now I will be.

           -- From his balcony high above the city, Jack gazes at the 
           stone grid of Washington D.C. beneath a drab, gray sky.

           -- He turns away from the view, towards the door, walks out, 
           and SLAMS it behind him. Preparing for a new life ahead.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I have never had much going for me 
                        except my family. I have had people 
                        that were nice to me, but did not 
                        understand what it meant.

           -- Gloria sits alone in the dorm room at her desk. Working on 
           homework. She glances to her left...
           -- All of Rosemary’s furnishing and personal belongings are 
           gone. Every trace of her being there removed.

                                                       DISSOLVE TO:

           -- Outside Sister Margaret’s office, Gloria slips an envelope 
           with “SISTER MARGARET” across the top beneath the door.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Teachers who did their best. Tutors and 
                        maids who tried to make me better.

           -- Sister Margaret sits alone in her private office, smoking 
           a cigarette, wiping occasional tears, as she reads the first 
           letter written by Rosemary.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I thought how different life 
                        would be. If God had just not made 
                        me like this. What it would be like 
                        to grow up and live a normal life.

           -- Alan sits alone at the bar, in the same booth where he 
           always sat with Rosemary, smoking a cigarette of his own.

           -- Though the seat across is empty.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I know that would not be 
                        possible. Because of who I am.

           -- Joe sits in an airplane about to take off, sitting in a 
           window seat. Still reading the letter.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But now I am going to do it. To 
                        finally live and not be held back 
                        by myself...by my broken brain.

           -- The airplane soars above the skyline and into the clouds.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I have this nightmare. I kept having 
                        it. After everything in England.

           -- Joe sits in another limousine, a dreary gray Massachusetts 
           sky in the background, reading the letter.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        But I had a good dream last night.  
                        A really good one. 
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Everything that I have always hoped 
                        would happen...I got to see it.

                                                      FADE TO WHITE.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Joe Jr. comes back home and never 
                        leaves again.

           -- Joe Jr. drops the bombs from his aircraft and the plane 
           does not explode. Instead, he survives and flies away.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Jack grows up to be everyone’s 
                        favorite. A King of America.

           -- Jack waves to the onlookers in Dallas from the motorcade. 

           -- Waving as they pass the grassy knoll, pass the Texas 
           School Book Despository, drive under the freeway underpass...

           -- Then emerges unharmed on the other side.

           -- He turns and kisses Jackie’s cheek. 

           --The First Lady blushes and smiles, happier than ever in  
           her pink wool suit. They wave back to America.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And Kick becomes the princess she 
                        was always meant to be.

           -- As the airplane descends toward the mountain, Kick and her 
           husband clasp hands, as the plane suddenly veers up...

           -- And misses the mountain, soaring into clear weather.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And Eunice will be there. Helping us when 
                        we need it. Like she does best.

           -- At a Royal Wedding in England, Kick kisses her prince. 

           -- Eunice and the entire Kennedy clan start to CLAP from the 
           sidelines with big smiles on their face.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And then the little ones will grow up, 
                        and outdo us first four even better.

           -- Robert F. Kennedy walks out of the Ambassador Hotel, grips 
           his pregnant wife’s hand, and waves back to his own 
           collection of fans and supporters.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And all of us will make you and mom 
                        prouder than the last.

           -- Ted Kennedy’s car SWERVES off the bridge, almost going off 
           the rails, until he corrects the wheel at the last second.

           -- He and the passenger--a beautiful blonde woman--laugh at 
           their near fatal accident, then drive forward.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And you and mom will outlive us 
                        all. Getting to see each of us grow 
                        up to make you and America proud.

           -- Back in the present: 

           -- Joe’s limousine stops at the end of the long, winding 
           driveway outside the Kennedy Compound in Hyannis Port, 
           Massachusetts.

           -- The enormous, sprawling, white-clapboard house sits in 
           ominous silhouette against the dreary gray landscape.

           -- An American flag FLAPS against the vigorous wind just 
           before the steps to the front door.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Even me.

           -- Rosemary fills out a test with rapid speed, finishing 
           before anyone else in the class, drops her pen with a CLACK.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Now, I’m going to do all those 
                        things I couldn’t.

           -- Rosemary races past her siblings in a game of football.

           -- She SLAMS down her cards in a game of hearts. The family 
           SIGHS, as if this always happens.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        And I’m going to make my name proud.

           -- Rosemary WHACKS a tennis ball back to Rose.

           -- Her mother misses, laughs with her hands on her hips.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I’m going to make you proud.

           -- Rosemary graduates from school. A PRINCIPAL hands her a 
           diploma and announces her name to the cheering onlookers.
                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        Because I will not forget who I am.

           -- Rosemary walks down the long hallway toward Queen 
           Elizabeth and King George with Kick by her side.

           -- She reaches the mark, curtsies, walks off.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am your daughter.

           -- Back in the present again:

           -- Joe moves to enter the Kennedy Compound.

           -- But first, he turns to glance up at the American flag 
           FLAPPING upon the brass pole beside the side of the home.

           -- His face sours with guilt and disgust.

           -- He enters the home.

           -- And slams the door behind him.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am a Kennedy.

           -- Back in Rosemary’s dream:

           -- Joe CLAPS and cheers for his daughter, as does the entire 
           Royal ballroom, standing for a wild ovation.

           -- Rosemary smiles and bows. Her big green eyes and enormous 
           smile full of life and happier than ever.

                                 ROSEMARY (V.O.)
                        I am Rosemary Kennedy.

                                                             BLACK.

                                 THE END
