                                     THE STORM

                                      Written 
                                         by

                                   Richard Taylor
                                          &
                                     Bryan Bagby

                                               Registered WGA WEST #1033552
                                                         Canyon Creek Films
                                      Contact: Simon Brooks +44 207 266 7899
                                                      simbrooks@yahoo.co.uk
           FADE IN: 

           INT. INDIAN WIGWAM - DAWN

           Badly scarred hands appear in the dim firelight, taking up a 
           primitive hammer and STRIKING a flint stone, splintering it off 
           into a shiny, black sliver.  An INDIAN’S VOICE breaks the 
           silence, speaking sullenly in HIS native tongue:

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                             (subtitles throughout)
                        Our people began much like a stone, 
                        solid, whole, at peace with the 
                        earth.  Then, a terrible force came 
                        upon the land and like a hammer, 
                        shattered the rock into pieces, 
                        some too small to be remembered.   

           Flakes of stone rain down, disappearing at the base of the fire.  
           The powerful hand KNAPS the black sliver into an even sharper 
           point, soon resembling the head of an arrow.

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                        But other pieces of us, willing to 
                        disrupt the sanctity of the earth, 
                        became an instrument of death.  The 
                        hammer feared these, so it set out 
                        to smash all the rocks into dust.  
                        And when the wind is strong, our 
                        people will vanish ... forever.

           The unseen Indian Man BLOWS the rock dust off the arrowhead.  He 
           grabs a river cane and we catch a glimpse of a sharp eye as it 
           stares down the length of the staff, checking it’s straightness. 

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                        The cane is your spirit.  
                             (sliding in the feathers)
                        The quills are your guides. 
                             (inserting the tip)
                        The arrowhead is your heart.
                             (wrapping with a tendon)
                        And the sinew ... is your courage.  

           The hands BIND the arrowhead to the cane, CINCHING it tight.

           The Indian finally emerges from darkness.  He is a sight to 
           behold with long black hair reaching down his back, glimmering 
           in the firelight, his badly scarred face is hardened but kind.  

           He extends the arrow across the flames to an INDIAN BOY of ten 
           years, his son FISTS.  The boy slowly takes the arrow from his 
           father, BLUE HAWK, studying every inch with respect and awe.
                                 BLUE HAWK
                        The arrow is your soul Fists.  The 
                        path you set for it will determine 
                        your place in the Sun’s presence 
                        ... for a true warrior does not 
                        kill to end life, he kills to 
                        preserve it. 

           Fists looks to his father who narrows his brow, focusing his 
           wise stare directly at him.  Fists takes his cue, doing the 
           same.  His father can’t help but smile, nodding his head.

                                 BLUE HAWK
                        And a great warrior you will be.

           EXT. INDIAN CAMP - HIGH MOUNTAINS - DAWN

           Snow blankets everything in sight including the dozen or so 
           wigwams nestled in the narrow canyon.  Mountain peaks stab the 
           misty sky just beyond the tree-line.  It’s dawn. 

           Fists and Blue Hawk exit a wigwam on the outskirts of camp.  
           They’re the only souls outside.  Fists proudly carries his new 
           bow and single arrow.  Blue Hawk nods and without so much as 
           goodbye Fists runs off towards the camp.

           Blue Hawk proudly watches him go but his expression fades.  In 
           his eyes we see grave concern we can only assume is for his son 
           and the fate of his people.  The end of times is upon them.  

           Then, he senses something.  He turns to the trees beyond camp.  
           A gust of wind BLOWS through the canyon, it’s almost DEAFENING.  
           Blue Hawk staggers back as the wind settles.  His expression has 
           changed, he scans the area, eyes bulging, something’s wrong.  

           Blue Hawk drops to a knee, trembling.  Blood saturates the snow 
           beneath him.  He peels back his pelt.  A gunshot wound bleeds 
           out just beneath his ribs.

           He looks to the tree-line where a PALE WHITE MAN wearing a 
           collection of scalps across his chest, emerges.  His rifle is 
           still smoking as he walks without fear towards the camp.  Blue 
           Hawk rises and at the top of his lungs, SHOUTS:

                                 BLUE HAWK
                        Hunters! 

           And with that, the forest comes alive as more WHITE MEN come 
           rushing out from the trees on foot, GUNS BLAZING.  

           AT THE HEART OF THE CAMP.  SCREAMING WOMEN and CHILDREN flee 
           past Fists, running away from the volley of BULLETS coming down.  
           Fist takes cover behind a pile of timber, spotting one of his 
           ELDERS, standing still in the midst of the chaos.  He is a true 
           Indian, a man who radiates wisdom, brave and free.  Fists CALLS 
           OUT but it’s too late and the Elder is SHOT down.  

           AT THE CREEK.  A pack of painted WARRIORS, carrying their 
           morning’s kill, halt in their tracks when GUNFIRE echoes across 
           the canyon.  They drop the elk and sprint up the mountainside.  

           AT THE OUTSKIRTS.  Blue Hawk takes cover.  BULLETS ricochet 
           around him.  He pulls an arrow from his quiver -- strings it and 
           fires -- catching a CRAZED MAN in the chest, dropping him 
           efficiently.  Blue Hawk strings another arrow and moves out.

           THE HEART OF THE CAMP.  WHITE INVADERS are everywhere, FIRING at 
           will.  A DREAD-LOCKED MAN grabs a BOY of fifteen and SHOOTS him 
           point blank.  A BALD MAN shoots an OLD WOMAN in the back.  A 
           LITTLE GIRL runs from a burning wigwam -- he SHOOTS her too. 

           Fists tries to draw back his arrow.  The BALD MAN sets his 
           sights on him, COCKING his pistol and then, THORP!  He drops 
           face first into the snow, an arrow jutting from his back.  Fists 
           looks up to see the shooter, his father.

                                 BLUE HAWK
                        Run Fists!

           BANG!  Blue Hawk is SHOT in the back.  Fists watches in horror. 
           His father falls in the distance.  Two FILTHY MEN rush in and 
           hold Blue Hawk down.  The Pale Man adorned with scalps, 
           approaches calmly, drawing a crescent shaped blade.

           Fists strains to see, his view obscured by the Men struggling 
           with Blue Hawk who’s still fighting.  Then, the Pale Man kneels, 
           disappearing.  Blue Hawk’s body thrashes violently -- then goes 
           limp.  The Pale Man rises with a bloody scalp.  

           Fists CRIES OUT as the Indian Warriors appear behind him, their 
           battle cry SCREAMING in unison mixes with the punctuation of 
           GUNSHOTS and the blurring whirlwind of BATTLE, descending into 
           hellish CHAOS until everything goes -- dark.

           TITLES OVER BLACK AND THE FORBODING SOUND OF THUNDER. 

                                 “THE STORM”

           EXT. HIGH MOUNTAINS - DAY

           A stagecoach lumbers up a lonely mountain trail between two, 
           snow-capped peaks.  A dark grey sky looms.  The start of winter.
           The weary COACH MASTER scans the overgrown foliage surrounding 
           him.  A shotgun rests on his lap at the ready.  Not a chirping 
           bird nor gust of wind goes unnoticed.                 

           INT. STAGECOACH (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           An ELDERLY COUPLE ride close together, surrounded by a cache of 
           overfilled burlap sacks.  They do not speak -- she squeezes his 
           hand nervously -- he squints outside the window.

                                 PENNY
                        What is it?

           Then, beyond the dusty glass, a terrible COMMOTION approaches.  
           The coach lurches forward suddenly -- the pace quickening.      

                                 RANDOLPH
                        It’s them.

           POUNDING HOOVES gain in intensity and proximity -- until, a 
           MASKED BANDIT rides past them in a flurry of dust. 

           ANOTHER MASKED BANDIT rides up -- peers inside -- and then 
           gallops out of sight.  GUNSHOTS ring out -- SHOTGUN BLASTS -- 
           MEN SCREAMING -- ALL HELL BREAKING LOOSE.

           EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - CONTINUOUS

           THREE BANDITS, wearing colored bandanas, converge upon the 
           stagecoach.  The Coach Master is dead, slumped over the reins.   
           The horses are stampeding out of control and picking up speed.    

           The RED BANDIT leaps from his horse onto the coach.  He discards 
           the Coach Master’s lifeless body -- taking up the reins -- 
           slowing the horses down to a full stop. 

           The BLUE and GREEN BANDIT dismount, surrounding the coach -- 
           pistols drawn.  The dust begins to settle.  SILENCE.  The door 
           slowly CREAKS open.  Randolph emerges first, holding his 
           trembling hands skyward.

                                 BLUE
                        On your knees old man!

                                 RANDOLPH
                        There’s no need for weapons.

           Green’s expression darkens.  He holsters his sidearm in favor of 
           his shotgun.  Before Randolph can take another step, Green SLAMS 
           the heel of his shotgun against the old man’s knee -- CRACK!  He 
           tumbles forward, COLLIDING with the dirt below.
                                 PENNY (O.S.)
                        Randolph!

           Blue drags Penny outside by the hair, shoving her face first 
           into the dirt beside her ailing husband.  Randolph tries to get 
           up but the effort is frail and hopeless.  Green tosses his 
           pistol into the dirt directly in front of him.

                                 GREEN
                        Want to be a hero?

           Randolph eyes the gun, then Penny.  She shakes him off, “don’t 
           do it.”  Randolph goes for broke.  KABOOM!  Blood splatters his 
           face as his hand is all but obliterated into a pulpy mass.

           Penny is SCREAMING beyond hysterical.  Randolph curls up, 
           writhing, gasping for air.  Green gazes over the HISSING barrel 
           of his shotgun.  He enjoyed that.

           Red approaches Blue and Green, stern, quietly:

                                 RED
                        That’s enough.  Get to work.

           Blue and Green snap to, cutting the horses loose.  

           Red turns his attention towards the coach, climbing inside.  He 
           slices open one of the burlap sacks -- shiny gold coins come 
           DANCING onto the floorboards -- pay dirt.  

           Penny rolls Randolph onto his back.  He’s bleeding bad.  His 
           eyes are open but the life behind them is fading.

                                 PENNY
                        Hold on Randolph.

           Green and Blue appear again, snickering at the sight of this.  
           Penny cradles Randolph in her arms as she lashes out in tears.

                                 PENNY
                        I know who you are!  I recognize 
                        those voices from Ridgeway!  

           Blue and Green look to Red, concerned.  Red approaches.

                                 RED
                        You must be mistaken ma’am.

                                 PENNY
                        You’ll burn for this Seamus!  You 
                        boys were supposed to protect us! 
                        Your brother made a promise!
                                 RED
                        Don’t force my hand.

                                 PENNY
                        We treated you both like sons!  How 
                        could you do this to us?          

           Red tugs down his scarf, revealing his pale face.  Penny begins 
           to sob even harder as he solemnly extends his pistol.

                                 RED
                        If it’s any consolation, Patty 
                        knows nothing of this, and you’ve 
                        just made certain he never will.    

           Penny shields Randolph with her body, defiant.

                                 PENNY
                        Vermin, all of you!  I curse you!  
                        I curse every last one of you!

           Red takes aim -- a burst of flame and a puff of smoke -- BANG!   

                                                       FADE TO BLACK.

           EXT. WYOMING COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON 

           Ominous THUNDERHEADS RUMBLE across a bleak, winter sky.  Below, 
           a lone HORSEMAN gallops across the rugged landscape, gradually 
           slowing his ALBINO GELDING down to a steady trot -- stopping 
           atop a grassy hill overlooking the forboding country.     

           The Horseman appears to be in his forties, bearded, grubby, 
           strapped with twin revolvers and a shotgun on his back.  He 
           dismounts, removing his wide-brimmed hat, fixing his hardened 
           stare at something off in the distance.  This is WILLIAM TUCKER.     

           KABOOM!  He doesn’t startle but looks skyward.  Was that 
           thunder?  Suddenly, the ground beside him EXPLODES followed by 
           another KABOOM!  His horse whinnies, rears wildly and takes off.  

           Tucker manages to get a hand on the saddlebags, tearing them 
           down just as -- KABOOM!  The ground EXPLODES again, closer this 
           time.  He hits the dirt.  The Albino Gelding gallops away in 
           full stride towards the horizon.  Tucker looks up, disgusted.

           KABOOM!  Tucker scrambles for cover behind a boulder.  He 
           carefully peers over his jagged, granite defense. 

           A hundred yards away are two structures, a house and barn, 
           surrounded by crop fields and wilderness.  
           A cloud of black smoke dissipates above the second story window 
           of the house where a sudden flash of fire erupts and then -- 
           KABOOM!

           The boulder takes a direct HIT, bits of debris rain down.  
           Tucker doesn't flinch, he just frowns and then moves out, 
           advancing onto the property, finding cover behind a tree.  

           He readies his pistols -- his movements are quick, efficient, 
           not a gesture wasted.

           VIEW ON THE HOUSE.  The SHOOTER appears in the upstairs window 
           and fires -- KABOOM!

           Tucker moves out, pistols FLASHING.  The BLAST splinters apart 
           the tree in front of him.  He hits dirt, rolling to safety, 
           SHOOTING until both  guns CLICK empty.  

           He holsters the pistols, whips the shotgun off his back and 
           unleashes hell -- BLASTING out every window facing him.  He 
           disappears into the crop fields separating him from the house.

           AN UNKNOWN POV.  Looking out from behind the shredded upstairs 
           curtains -- down on the crop fields below -- no sign of anyone.

           TWO EMPTY BOOTS stand upright in the mud.  

           Tucker emerges from the swaying crops in his stockings.  He 
           moves out swiftly into the treacherous wide open, hustling up 
           the rickety FRONT PORCH steps without making a sound.  

           He backs up against the wall between the front door and window, 
           holding his breath -- and then -- the business end of a shotgun 
           slowly appears from the window beside him.

           Tucker snatches the barrel, ripping the Shooter out through the 
           window in a blur -- sending them both CRASHING through the 
           wooden porch railing -- SPLASHING down into the mud.  

           It’s a violent struggle -- punching fists -- splattering blood.  
           Tucker finally rips the shotgun away, COCKS the hammer back and 
           takes aim -- but he doesn’t pull the trigger.    

           Looking down.  The Shooter appears to be in HER mid thirties, 
           beautiful, with long brown hair.  She lies there beneath his 
           foot, bleeding, enraged until she recognizes the man standing 
           over her.  This is LILLY COLE.

                                 LILLY
                        Tucker?  William Tucker? 

                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly.  Where’s Henry?  
                                 LILLY
                        He’s not ... he’s out.

           Tucker's reaction is deep and mixed, a whole chapter in his life 
           coming back.  He looks around, fretting over what to do next.

                                 TUCKER
                        Get up ... inside.  Now.

           INT. COLE HOUSE - VARIOUS - MOMENTS LATER

           Tucker ties Lilly down to a chair.  Her body language can’t hide 
           the fact that she fears him, despite her tough exterior.  

                                 LILLY
                        What are you doing here?  

           No answer.  She tries to make eye contact with her captor but 
           it’s no use and his hateful expression never wavers.  

                                 LILLY
                        How did you find us?

                                 TUCKER
                        Where’s Henry?

                                 LILLY
                        I told you I don’t know.

           Tucker CINCHES the last knot extra tight -- he readies his 
           pistols -- leaving the room.

                                 LILLY
                        Come back here!  William!

           Lilly struggles to free herself.  Tucker’s FOOTSTEPS continue up 
           the stairs.  She looks around, the shotgun leans against the 
           wall.  She tries to move forward but the chair doesn’t budge.

           UPSTAIRS.  Tucker flips over the mattress, viciously ransacking 
           the bedroom until he comes across a photograph that stops him 
           cold in his tracks.  He picks up the ornate frame and stares 
           unhappily at the unseen image for a long, uncomfortable moment.  

           DOWNSTAIRS.  Lilly continues to struggle.  Tucker barrels 
           through the door, resuming his path of destruction into the 
           kitchen while she looks on, helplessly.

                                 LILLY
                        Why are you doing this?
                                 TUCKER
                        When can we expect your husband?

                                 LILLY
                        What do you want with him?

                                 TUCKER
                        We got business to discuss.  

                                 LILLY
                        What kind?

                                 TUCKER
                        No more questions from you!

           She just glares at him.  He rips open the overhead cupboards, 
           sending pots and pans CRASHING onto the floor.  Lilly SHOUTS 
           over the vicious cacophony of his rampage:

                                 LILLY
                        He’s not in the Goddamn cupboards!

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - DUSK

           Tucker lovingly wipes his oily pistol clean with the table 
           linen.  He sits across from Lilly in the near darkness.  They’re 
           both exhausted, listening to the rain falling outside.  He 
           speaks abruptly, breaking the SILENCE, startling her.    

                                 TUCKER
                        I won’t lay a hand on him, past is 
                        past, you got my word.

                                 LILLY
                        I’ll say it one last time, Henry 
                        left for Ridgeway ten days ago and 
                        I haven’t seen him since.

                                 TUCKER
                        What’s he doing in Ridgeway?

           She doesn’t answer.

                                 TUCKER
                        Don’t tell me you don’t know your 
                        husband’s affairs.

                                 LILLY
                        His medical supplies I suspect!

                                 TUCKER
                        You suspect?
                                 LILLY
                        I’m not answering anymore of your 
                        questions William.  You want my 
                        cooperation?  Untie me and behave 
                        like a civilized man.   

                                 TUCKER
                        Is it civilized to unload your 
                        shotgun at someone who’s just 
                        sitting out there on their horse, 
                        minding their own business? 

                                 LILLY
                        You weren’t minding your own 
                        business.   

                                 TUCKER
                        That ain’t the point.  

                                 LILLY
                        And all that steel you brought with 
                        you, looking like you do, barely 
                        recognizable behind those whiskers.  

           He feels his scruffy beard.

                                 TUCKER
                        This here’s savage country Lilly. 

                                 LILLY
                        Then don’t fuss over being shot at.

                                 TUCKER
                        Christ.  You was shooting at me?  I 
                        must be one horrible teacher. 

                                 LILLY
                        You’re only alive because I was 
                        trying to scare you off.  Next time 
                        I won’t be so gracious.

           She glares at him.  He cracks a sly smile.

                                 TUCKER
                        I always did imagine how it would 
                        feel seeing you again.

           She spits in his face.  He just looks at her.     

                                 TUCKER
                        That’s pretty close.
           He wipes his mouth and rises from the table, looking out towards 
           the darkening sky beyond the broken window, mulling it all over.

                                 TUCKER
                        Alright then, let’s be civilized.  
                        What’s for supper?

           They share an uneasy moment.  Lightening flashes, THUNDER ROLLS.

                                                       FADE TO:

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT

           A Silhouette rides his black steed along the outskirts of the 
           property, dismounting, lighting up a fat cigar, taking a long 
           look around.  The Cole House is warmly lit in the distance.

           INT. COLE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Lilly stirs a pot of vegetables and broth over the cast iron 
           stove.  She gazes uneasily outside the window.  Tucker emerges 
           from the darkness behind her with his pistol trained dead ahead.    

                                 TUCKER
                        Ready yet?

                                 LILLY
                             (concealing her surprise)
                        Hope you’re hungry.

           His image recedes.  She slides something unseen into her apron.  

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DINING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Lilly and Tucker sit across from each other at a nice candlelit 
           table.  She’s eating.  He’s not. 

                                 LILLY
                        Don’t tell me you’re not starving.

           He doesn’t budge.  She reaches over with her spoon, dips into 
           his bowl and consumes a heaping portion of soup.  He watches her 
           finish and then pulls the bowl closer, taking the first bite.

                                 LILLY
                        Good isn’t it?

                                 TUCKER
                        I’ve had worse.
           He looks at her, under his stare she blushes for reasons only 
           she understands.  He takes another bite.  She knows he enjoys 
           the soup despite his best efforts to project the contrary.  

                                 TUCKER
                        How are the doctor and his wife 
                        getting along these days?

                                 LILLY
                        Henry and I never fight.

           She drops her spoon, unable to keep up the charade.

                                 LILLY
                        William, honestly, why are you 
                        here, at my home, sitting at my 
                        supper table after all these years, 
                        eating soup that I spat in?  

           He looks at her, swallowing his pride along with the contents of 
           his mouth without grimacing.  

                                 LILLY
                        Are you responsible for my 
                        husband’s disappearance?

                                 TUCKER
                        Not yet.

                                 LILLY
                        Swear on your grandma’s grave.

           They share an earnest look.  

                                 TUCKER
                        On the old bag’s grave, I swear I 
                        ain’t touched him this time.  

                                 LILLY
                        Then what use does a sorry bounty 
                        hunter like you have with a man 
                        like Henry who hasn’t broken the 
                        law in ten years much less bent it?

                                 TUCKER
                        I miss his smile.

           She FLIPS her bowl into the air, spraying him with soup.

                                 LILLY
                        I won’t allow you to harm my 
                        husband again you bastard!  I’ll 
                        kill you first!  
           He calmly wipes his face, shoving his bowl aside.  She leans 
           back, astonished.  He tosses the greasy rope on the table.

                                 TUCKER
                        I got no time for this.  We can do 
                        this the old fashion way if we have 
                        to but you’re gonna tell me what I 
                        need to know about your husband.

                                 LILLY
                        Some things never change do they?

           He SLAMS the rope down against the table with an angry fist.

                                 TUCKER
                        Does he got money troubles?    

                                 LILLY
                        No.

                                 TUCKER
                        He don’t owe anyone nothing?

                                 LILLY
                        No!

                                 TUCKER
                        Who are his friends?

                                 LILLY
                        Every man, women and child in town.

                                 TUCKER
                        Enemies?  

                                 LILLY
                        Besides you, none.  Honest men like 
                        Henry don’t have enemies.

                                 TUCKER
                        You shouldn’t count on that.  

                                 LILLY
                        Why not?

           He pauses, catching his reflection in the soup. 

                                 TUCKER
                        There are no honest men.

           She springs out of her chair -- he grabs her -- she SLASHES at 
           him with a knife -- the blade TEARS through his shirt.
                                 LILLY
                        What have you done with him?!

           He squeezes her wrist until the knife falls away.

                                 TUCKER
                        Very civilized Mrs. Cole.

                                 LILLY
                        I’ll kill you!

           She squirms loose, KNEEING him in the balls not once but twice.  
           His expression sours, struggling to restrain her once more.

                                 TUCKER
                        You got to hurt me first!

           She SCREAMS and CURSES but cannot manage to escape him.

           INT. OUTHOUSE - COLE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT

           The tiny dank space is lit by a flickering lantern.  Tucker 
           lurches forward over the john, spitting blood into the dark 
           void.  He GROANS and suffers with tears in his eyes.

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - MOMENTS LATER 

           Tucker walks past the house where he retrieves his muddy 
           saddlebags from the porch and then limps towards the barn.  

                                 LILLY (O.S.)
                        Untie me!  William!  Get back here!  

           INT. COLE BARN - CONTINUOUS

           Tucker enters, his lantern cutting into the cold darkness 
           illuminating the bales of hay, farming tools and crude, rusty 
           machinery surrounding him.  He takes a drink from his canteen 
           and then stops, water isn’t going to cut it on this night.  

           Tucker eases back against a fat bale of hay.  He reaches into 
           one of the saddlebag compartments, retrieving an identical 
           canteen save for the lid being corked and sealed by a wax.  

           He stares long and hard, wondering if he should visit his liquid 
           friend whom he hasn’t seen in quite some time.  His knife is 
           ready, tortured eyes reflecting back in the steel of his blade.
           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - LATE NIGHT

           The RAIN is coming down.  A dim light flickers out between the 
           cracks in the barn.  The house is boarded up and quiet. 

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - LATE NIGHT

           Lilly lies on the ground, exhausted but not sleeping.    

           INT. COLE BARN - CONTINUOUS

           Tucker warms himself in front of a small fire, staring tiredly 
           with bourbon swollen eyes into the face of the crackling flames. 
           Drinking.  Lamenting.  

           Something STIRS outside.  He snaps out of his sorrowful reverie.   

           EXT. COLE BARN - MOMENTS LATER

           Tucker moves out, holding an apple in one hand and his revolver 
           in the other, making noises only a horse would respond to.

                                 TUCKER
                        Smokey?

           Lightening flashes, illuminating a WILD BOAR glaring in his 
           path.  Its beady eyes lock on him.  Tucker takes a step back.  
           THUNDER rolls.  The boar squeals off into the wilderness.  
           Tucker bites into the apple.

                                 TUCKER
                        You’re lucky I’m a chicken man.

           AN UNKNOWN POV.  Watching from a short distance.  Tucker 
           retreats through the downpour into the barn.    

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - LATER

           The Hatted Silhouette prowls through the crop fields, cautiously 
           approaching the barn.  The pale moonlight illuminates his jagged 
           tooth smile and sinister Mexican face.  This is RAMIREZ.  

           INT. COLE BARN - MOMENTS LATER 

           Ramirez sweeps inside through the semidarkness, twirling a pair 
           of deadly blades, closing in on the dying fire where Tucker 
           sleeps under a heavy pile of blankets and hides.  

           Ramirez makes the sign of the cross -- takes aim -- heaving both 
           blades -- they STRIKE deep into the mass beneath the blankets.  
           Ramirez rushes in, reclaiming his weapons, no sign of blood on 
           either.  He rips back the blankets, revealing neatly arranged 
           piles of straw.  Not good.  

           From the darkness -- KABOOM!  The force of the blast sends him 
           flying.  He hits the side of the barn and then tumbles forward, 
           guts spilling out, wood splintered across his back.  

           Tucker emerges behind the SIZZLING double barrels of his sawed-
           off.  He reaches Ramirez, poking the barrels under his chin, 
           taking a good look at him, frowning with disapproval.

                                 TUCKER
                        Gut shot.  Mighty grim, Ramirez.  

                                 RAMIREZ
                             (coughing up blood)
                        Chinga tu madre Tucker. 

                                 TUCKER
                        Probably best for both of us that I 
                        do not comprende the Spanish.  

                                 RAMIREZ
                        It means fuck your mother!

           Tucker punches him square in the wounded gut.  Ramirez GASPS! 

                                 TUCKER
                        I know what it means.  Make it easy 
                        on yourself hombre.  You’re buzzard 
                        feed, ain’t no changing that, might 
                        as well make like your gut and 
                        start spilling.     

                                 RAMIREZ
                        I am already dead.  There is 
                        nothing you can take from me now. 

           Tucker punches him again, same spot.  Ramirez nearly passes out 
           from the trauma, squirming in horrible agony. 

                                 TUCKER
                        Want to make a wager?  Talk.

                                 RAMIREZ
                        You’ll have to kill me!

           Tucker punches him again, harder.  Blood splatters his face.  
           Ramirez HOWLS!
                                 TUCKER
                        You ain’t gonna die straight away 
                        unless you start talking!

           Ramirez stalls.  Tucker grabs him by the hair, draws a blade and 
           goes for his eye.  Ramirez slams both of them shut.  

                                 RAMIREZ
                        Stop!  Stop!  Por favor!  

                                 TUCKER
                        I’m listening.

                                 RAMIREZ
                        Cole shot and killed two deputies.

                                 TUCKER
                        Yeah, I read the damn particulars.

                                 RAMIREZ
                        The sheriff wants his due, nailed a 
                        poster to every tree and building 
                        within fifty miles of Ridgeway 
                        himself.  He’s hell bent, got a 
                        personal score to settle with Cole.  

                                 TUCKER
                        I know Sheriff Parker.  The man’s a 
                        hundred years old if he’s a day.  
                        He ain’t got the stomach for this 
                        sort of campaign.

                                 RAMIREZ
                        Parker is dead.  Patty McPherson 
                        took over sheriff once he found out 
                        about Seamus.

           Tucker backhands Ramirez across the face.  

                                 TUCKER
                        That’s not possible, he’s dead!

                                 RAMIREZ
                        On the Holy Mother!  McPherson 
                        lives, I swear to you!           

                                 TUCKER
                        You seen him with your own eyes? 

                                 RAMIREZ
                        I followed his clan here from 
                        Ridgeway.  He’s deputized the best 
                        trackers in the territory.        
           Tucker's attitude changes instantly.  This is disturbing news.   

                                 TUCKER
                        Where are they now? 

                                 RAMIREZ
                        Here, in Black Sparrow.  He will 
                        pay a handsome bounty for Cole if 
                        you can bring him in alive.

           Ramirez chokes on the words, gurgling up blood.  Tucker stands 
           up, reloading the shotgun.

                                 TUCKER
                        Reckon I believe you.  Sorry about 
                        all this but business is business. 

                                 RAMIREZ
                        Your day is also coming pistolero 
                        ... soon, very soon.  

                                 TUCKER
                        Funny, that’s what everyone keeps 
                        on telling me.  

           Tucker takes aim -- KABOOM!  The muzzle flash FILLS THE SCREEN.  
           The noise of the shotgun BLAST echoes against rolling THUNDER.  

           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW - LATE NIGHT

           Darkened buildings flank the muddy entrance of town where the 
           weather beaten sign reads: WELCOME TO BLACK SPARROW.    

           A structure marked Willard’s Billiards is the only place showing 
           any signs of life on this cold, wet night.  PIANO melodies and 
           laughter carry on beyond the entrance which is aglow and casting 
           mingling shadows.  A few horses are tethered out front.    

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - LATE NIGHT 

           The BARTENDER with the sweeping mustache stands impatiently 
           behind the bar under a thick haze of smoke.  He’s holding a 
           bottle of whiskey, waiting for the black hatted Man seated 
           across from him to finish polishing his drinking glass.  

           Black Hat finally sets the glass down between them, tucking away 
           his white handkerchief with a gloved hand.  The Bartender 
           dispenses a stingy pour evoking a gesture of disapproval from 
           Black Hat whose face remains unseen.

                                 BLACK HAT
                        Why don’t you leave the bottle?
                                 BARTENDER
                        Because I don’t know you, don’t see 
                        no money in front of you neither.

                                 BLACK HAT
                        I’m a friend of Willard’s.

                                 BARTENDER
                        Willard’s dead.  Been pushing up 
                        daisies five years don’t you know?

                                 BLACK HAT 
                        No wonder he don’t write.

           Black Hat reaches inside his black coat.  The Bartender takes a 
           step backward.  Black Hat produces a fistful of coins, dumping 
           them onto the bar for emphasis.  The Bartender isn’t amused, 
           swiping a few of the coins, leaving the bottle behind.

                                 BARTENDER
                        You watch your step stranger. 

                                 BLACK HAT
                        Don’t you worry.

           Black Hat turns on his stool, revealing the ghostly pale, clean 
           shaven face of PATTY MCPHERSON.  He removes his hat, exposing 
           the circular scar of a gunshot wound just beneath his receding 
           hairline.  He wipes his brow, replaces his hat and then drains 
           his glass, sizing up the establishment.  

           It’s a big room with a crude bar, ten tables and some elk heads 
           on the wall.  A woman’s obnoxious LAUGHTER focuses his angry 
           stare.  Everyone else is either drinking, playing cards or both.  
           Strangely, there’s not a billiards table in sight.   

           McPherson tries to ignore the laughter but it only gets LOUDER 
           and more irritating.  He pours himself another glass, drinking 
           it down, squirming on his seat as the laughter continues.  

           Finally, the frustration manifests and he stands abruptly, 
           drawing some attention to himself as the bar stool falls away.   

                                 MCPHERSON
                        What could possibly be so 
                        hilarious? 

           The aggravation in his tone draws even more scrutiny.  He stands 
           there unacknowledged.  The PIANO MAN gradually stops playing.  
           The room falls SILENT save for the LAUGHTER.  McPherson SLAMS 
           his fist down on the bar.  
           The floor SQUEAKS under his first, weakened step towards the 
           culprits, a buxom MADAME and her tiny JOHN.  She now seems to be 
           laughing at the site of McPherson closing in on her.  It’s 
           obvious that he’s crippled, his left foot pointing inward, 
           dragging on each step.  He stops just shy of pulling up a chair.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Madame, your repugnant cackling, 
                        surely is not cast in my direction?

           Madame bursts into another fit of drunken hysterics.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Please, share it with the rest of 
                        us, I know I enjoy a hardy chuckle 
                        from the likes of a prostitute.  
                        Let me have it.  

                                 MADAME
                        It’s a private conversation mister, 
                        there’s no cause to insult me, 
                        besides, what’s a sorry cripple 
                        know about good humor anyhow?  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I find your lack of social graces 
                        positively disturbing.

           Madame turns her head slightly to the side, pinches her nose 
           between thumb and forefinger and then blows twin snot rockets 
           onto the floor.  McPherson grimaces with utter revolt.

                                 MADAME
                        How’s that for social graces?

                                 TINY JOHN
                        Take her easy now.

                                 MADAME
                        He don’t scare me.  Why don’t he 
                        show us all how he dances if he 
                        really wants to put a fright in us?

           Tiny John cringes beside her.  Some of the patrons are chuckling 
           at the snide remark.  McPherson cracks an embarrassed smile and 
           then draws his revolver -- BANG!  

           Madame clutches her chest, blood pumping out between her plump 
           fingers.  She tries to get up.  BANG!  She takes another one 
           between the eyes, snapping her head back in a mist of red.

           Tiny John makes a run for it.  McPherson turns and FIRES twice.  
           BANG!  BANG!  Two perfect kill shots to the back of the head.  
           McPherson stands there defiantly under a cloud of gun smoke.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Who else?  Hmm?  No other of you 
                        cowardly drunkards have a peculiar 
                        sense of humor?  No?  Peaches?

           Nobody moves.  McPherson holsters his weapon, hobbling from 
           table to table as he carries on.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        You don’t know me so I’ll forgive 
                        you all for your lack of 
                        hospitality on this evening.  Now, 
                        I happened to notice the sheriff 
                        station here in Black Sparrow to be 
                        vacant.  Not anymore.  Your lawless 
                        streets are a thing of the past.  
                        You live in America now.  

           McPherson peels back his coat, revealing a shiny SHERIFF BADGE.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Therefore, by the authority vested 
                        in me by the lawmakers of Ridgeway, 
                        I hereby assume all matters of law 
                        enforcement henceforth in Black 
                        Sparrow.  Any man wishing to 
                        challenge this authority may do so, 
                        tonight, right here and now.

           With that McPherson turns his back, walking away, tossing his 
           pistol to the floor.  Two sturdy looking COWBOYS nod to each 
           other from across the room.  They follow him outside.

           EXT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - CONTINUOUS

           McPherson stands with his back to the entrance, facing a glowing 
           light emanating from O.S.  The Two Cowboys kick open the front 
           doors with their guns drawn.  Their confident expressions 
           recede.  They lower their weapons and step back.

           THIRTEEN HORSEMEN in slickers baring TORCHES and an arsenal of 
           weapons are waiting for them in the pouring rain.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I’m afraid I neglected to introduce 
                        my deputies.    
                             (a slight gesture)
                        Gentlemen ... say hello.
           The Horsemen OPEN FIRE on the Cowboys, dropping them both under 
           a hail of bullets.  Hello indeed.  

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - MOMENTS LATER

           McPherson manages over the blood splattered remains of the 
           fallen Cowboys.  He retrieves his weapon from the floor and then 
           pulls a folded piece of parchment from his coat.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        As your newly appointed sheriff 
                        this dapper, one-eyed jack is my 
                        first order of business.  Killed 
                        two of my deputies in cold blood.  
                        Did the same to the merchants under 
                        their protection.  Didn’t have to 
                        massacre the poor folks but he did.  
                        Anyone with information leading to 
                        his arrest will be rewarded 
                        generously.  

           He begins hammering the WANTED POSTER into the wall using the 
           butt of his revolver.

           THE WANTED POSTER reads:

                        “WANTED FOR SAVAGE MURDERS OF MR. 
                        AND MRS. RANDOLPH WELLINGTON AND 
                        SHERIFF DEPUTIES CARL HODGE AND 
                        SEAMUS MCPHERSON.  IN ADDITION FOR 
                        THE THEFT OF HORSES AND PRIVATE 
                        PROPERTY.  FIVE THOUSAND DOLLAR 
                        REWARD.  MUST BE ALIVE.”

           Below the caption is the illustrated likeness of a MAN, neat 
           hair, clean shaven, with an EYE PATCH over the left side of his 
           handsome but badly scarred face.

           MCPHERSON gauges the reactions around the room.  Some of the 
           patrons obviously recognize the likeness.  Nobody says a word.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Now we’re all speechless?

           He hobbles over to the bar, stepping over the Madame’s Corpse, 
           swiping his bottle of whiskey and coins. 

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Well, mull it over.  It’s always a 
                        pleasure meeting new constituents, 
                        the name’s Sheriff Patty McPherson, 
                        you all know where to find me.    
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCPHERSON (cont'd)
                             (he tips his hat)
                        Good evening.  God bless.

           The patrons look on in terrified SILENCE as he moves out.      
           Slowly -- we HONE IN on the WANTED POSTER -- closing in on the 
           blackness of the EYE PATCH.

                                                       FADE TO:

           We emerge from DARKNESS -- travelling between cavernous walls 
           towards dim, flickering LIGHT.          

           INT. ABANDONED MINE SHAFT - MORNING

           Kerosene lanterns line the narrow shaft, illuminating wooden 
           support beams overhead as we CLOSE IN on a large object just off 
           the tracks, it’s the Wellington’s stagecoach from the robbery.     

           Penny lies under a pile of blankets beside a small, crackling 
           fire.  Beads of sweat collect at her temples, rolling down her 
           bloodless cheeks.  She breaths in shallow bursts.

                                 A MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        How we feeling this morning?

           She touches her dry mouth with a trembling finger.

                                 A MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Thirsty.  That’s good.     

           A hand, holding a white handkerchief, begins tenderly wiping 
           away the sweat from Penny's face.

                                 A MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Your fever’s finally breaking.  
                        That’s really good news.    

           The hand lifts her head up while the other brings a tin cup with 
           water to her dry, parched lips.  She drinks.

                                 A MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        After we change these bandages I’ll 
                        go out, rustle up some grub.  My 
                        wife taught me how to prepare one 
                        tasty pot of soup.  You’re in for a 
                        fine treat.  I know it always helps 
                        me feel better.  

           She pushes the cup away, looking up with eyes of gratitude, for 
           the moment unable to speak.

           A clean cut Man, early forties, wears an eye patch over the left 
           side of his handsome but badly scarred face.  
           He rises to fulfil his entire, slim stature.  He smiles at his 
           patient, reflecting the kindness and reassurance of a doctor 
           with good bedside manner.  This is HENRY COLE.

           EXT. ABANDONED MINE SHAFT - HIGH MOUNTAINS - MORNING

           Henry emerges from the darkened mouth of the secluded shaft.  
           It’s daylight but the rain outside is thick.  A flash of 
           lightening arcs from horizon to horizon.  KABOOM!

           EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING

           A RABBIT surfaces from its hole.  It sniffs around, senses 
           something, springs off its haunches and leaps out of the way. 

           Henry comes SPLASHING into the mud after it, winding up flat on 
           his ass, sitting there, laughing to himself, letting the rain 
           wash the mud clean from his face.  

           Suddenly, the ground begins to TREMBLE beneath him.  POUNDING 
           HOOVES approach from the distance -- closing in fast.  He crawls 
           on his belly through the muddy thicket -- gaining cover -- the 
           commotion now just about on top of him.   

           A pack of HORSEMEN come galloping past, SIX RIDERS altogether, 
           kicking up hell for leather through the pissing RAIN.  Henry 
           narrowly avoids the stampede -- rolling down the steep 
           embankment -- SPLASHING into the flooding creek.

           The LEAD RIDER signals the others to stop -- steering his horse 
           towards the creek.  He turns to the wiry looking man named 
           BARNEY on his left, shouting over the noise of the water:

                                 LEAD
                        Did you hear that?

                                 BARNEY
                        Hear what?

                                 LEAD 
                        Sounds like water splashing!

                                 BARNEY
                        Splashing’s all I hear!  Boss, we 
                        been riding these miserable 
                        mountains all night long, without 
                        no rest, we’re freezing ass cold.  

                                 LEAD
                        You know how much that murdering, 
                        plundering animal’s worth to the 
                        sheriff!  You think this here 
                        sprinkling’s going to stop me?  
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEAD (cont'd)
                        He’s up here Barney and he’s coming 
                        back with us by God.   

           The Lead Rider draws his weapon, leading his horse plunging down 
           the embankment.  The others spread out, guns drawn, searching.  

           The Lead Rider steers his reluctant horse into the shallow, icy 
           water.  Looking around -- a large piece of DRIFTWOOD travels 
           past the horse’s legs -- moving downstream fast -- heading 
           towards a surging stretch of treacherous rapids.

                                 BARNEY
                             (shouting from above)
                        It’s him!  I see him!

           The Lead Rider sees him too -- opening FIRE -- hitting the 
           driftwood several times -- spinning it around -- revealing Henry 
           clinging onto the other side for dear life. 

           More bullets WHIZ down from above, forcing Henry to let go of 
           the driftwood -- plunging into the roaring torrent -- bouncing 
           over rock swollen waves.  He takes a deep breath and goes under, 
           vanishing beneath the violent current.       

           The Riders follow the course of the stream, galloping in full 
           stride.  Pistols FLASHING.  The Lead Rider catches up to Barney.

                                 LEAD
                        What did I tell you?

                                 BARNEY
                        I know, I know!  I can’t see him!  
                        I think he went down!

                                 LEAD
                        Double back!  

                                 BARNEY
                        Wait!  There he is!

           ACROSS THE CREEK.  Henry drags himself over the jagged rocks, 
           gasping for breath.  He collapses on the muddy banks just as 
           more bullets come WHIZZING past -- ricochetting off stone -- 
           splashing into the water -- one of them grazing his arm.  

           THE RIDERS are shooting at Henry from the other side.  One of 
           them wades into the perilous current only to be swept away.

           Henry claws his way over the muddy terrain -- finding safety 
           from the flying BULLETS behind a cluster of trees and bushes.

                                 LEAD (O.S.)
                        Don’t kill him you assholes!
           Henry keeps hustling through the overgrown foliage away from the 
           GUNFIRE, moving fast, never looking back.

           EXT. THE WOODS - MOMENTS LATER 

           Barney navigates his horse down a narrow path between the 
           clusters of trees surrounding him.  All is quiet save for the 
           falling RAIN.  The horse, sensing something, rears violently.  

           Henry appears, covered in mud, lunging at him.  Barney grabs for 
           his pistol -- Henry PUNCHES him first -- Barney topples out of 
           the saddle, HITTING the ground hard.  Henry pounces on him, 
           covering his mouth, pressing his knife against his jugular.

                                 HENRY
                        Hold your tongue if you want to 
                        survive this, understand me?    

           Barney nods, terrified, injured from the fall.  Henry takes his 
           hand away but keeps the blade in place.

                                 HENRY
                        What’s your name?

                                 BARNEY
                        Barney ... please don’t kill me.

                                 HENRY
                        Alright Barney Please Don’t Kill 
                        Me, why are you shooting at me?  

                                 BARNEY
                        You’re the man on the picture, 
                        wanted by the sheriff.  

                                 HENRY
                        What sheriff?  What exactly am I 
                        being accused of?     

           Barney gestures to his coat pocket.  Henry finds a scrap of 
           paper which he begins to read.  His expression convinces even 
           Barney of the probability that these charges are false.

                                 BARNEY
                        Look mister, I ain’t the judge or 
                        jury.  Just a hired gun’s all. 

                                 LEAD (O.S.)
                        Barney!
           Henry shoots Barney a look, “open your mouth and you’re dead.”  
           Barney complies.  Henry backs away, pointing the pistol ahead, 
           leading Barney away towards the cover of brush.  

           BANG!  A bullet WHIZZES between them.  BANG!  Barney goes down.  
           Henry scrambles, dragging Barney through the mud towards the 
           brush.  Henry FIRES two blind shots.  He turns to Barney who 
           lies motionless, face down in mud.  

           Henry keeps his pistol trained at the darkened woods ahead, 
           checking Barney’s pulse.  Nothing there.  He backs away.

                                 LEAD (O.S.)
                        Put it down mister!  You’re 
                        surrounded!

                                 HENRY
                        You just shot your own man!  His 
                        blood’s on your hands, not mine!   

                                 LEAD (O.S.)
                        We’ll worry about him right quick!  
                        Now you best simmer down before 
                        things get a hell lot worse!   

                                 HENRY
                        Stay the hell back I’m begging you!

                                 LEAD (O.S.)
                        Surrender peacefully and we’ll 
                        leave you intact!

                                 HENRY
                        I’m not a killer but I’ll do what I 
                        have to, understand?

           Henry inches backwards, poised.  A DRENCHED RIDER appears behind 
           Henry, SACKING him full force.  Henry looses the pistol.  They 
           both go sliding headfirst down the muddy slope -- out of sight.

           The Lead Rider comes running in towards Barney.  BANG!  A man 
           SCREAMS!  The Lead Rider takes aim, closing in.  The Drenched 
           Rider emerges, clutching his bleeding thigh, almost crying from 
           the pain and fear of his gunshot wound.

                                 LEAD
                        Kenny?

                                 KENNY
                        Bastard shot me!

                                 LEAD
                        Think you’ll make it?
           BANG!  The Lead Rider grabs his shoulder, dropping his pistol.

                                 KENNY
                        Jesus!

                                 HENRY (O.S.)
                        Don’t move!

           The Lead Rider freezes.  Henry moves in, collecting another one 
           of their pistols.  He keeps both trained ahead.

                                 HENRY
                        What’s your name?

                                 LEAD
                        Mason.

                                 HENRY
                        Alright Mason, keep some pressure 
                        on that wound, you’re in shock, now 
                        sit down next to Kenny there.

           Mason complies.  Kenny has passed out beside him.

                                 MASON
                        What do you want?

                                 HENRY
                        I want you to tell whomever sent 
                        you that the man in the picture, 
                        the man who spared your life, 
                        didn’t bring harm onto anyone who 
                        didn’t deserve it.  Understand me?

                                 MASON 
                        Yes sir.

                                 A DISTANT VOICE (O.S.)
                        Boss?!  

           Henry presses a finger to his lips, whispering:

                                 HENRY
                        This will help with the pain.

           He pistol WHIPS Mason over the back of the head.  Good night.

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - LATE MORNING

           Tucker rides away from the homestead on the back of Ramirez’s 
           steed with the deadman slung over his own saddle bags.  
           He steers up a high, wind-swept bluff towards its dangerous edge 
           overlooking a fast moving, rain swollen creek.  

           EXT. COUNTRYSIDE BLUFF - MORNING

           Vultures circle high in the slate-gray sky overhead.  

           Tucker unceremoniously drags Ramirez towards the edge.  The tied 
           steed thrashes loose and breaks free.  Tucker watches the 
           majestic horse gallop away, disgusted.  He presses on, propping 
           Ramirez onto his feet, standing there for a reverent moment.

                                 TUCKER
                        Probably should of asked if you 
                        could swim.  Via con Dios, Ramirez.

           Tucker shoves him over the drop.  Ramirez plummets into the 
           roaring RAPIDS -- vanishing beneath the frothy undertow.

                                                       CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW - MORNING

           By morning’s light the narrow street is awash.  McPherson’s 
           POSSE of HORSEMEN and RIFLEMEN are out accosting the handful of 
           Townspeople tending to their business.  Even the Sturdy Workmen 
           laying down planks over the mud are being harassed.

           McPherson surveys, riding horseback alongside REVEREND CARTER, 
           his right hand man, body guard and spiritual council.

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        You’ve certainly assembled an 
                        interesting band of heathens this 
                        time around, Patrick.  

                                 MCPHERSON 
                        Despite their abundant misgivings, 
                        they are the best at what they do.

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        They all follow the decrepid path 
                        of the beast.  As your spiritual 
                        council I advise caution.    

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Well Reverend Carter, that’s why I 
                        brought you along, to protect my 
                        ass as well as my soul.

           NEAR THE STOREFRONTS.
           A YOUNG INDIAN, slight, smeared in primitive camouflage, prowls 
           between the narrow passage of two structures, closing in on the 
           sound of a CONFRONTATION taking place somewhere close by.           

                                 MAN (O.S.)
                        I’m only asking one more time!

                                 YOUNG WOMAN (O.S.)
                        Please!

                                 MAN (O.S.)
                        Not until you explain!

                                 YOUNG WOMAN (O.S.)
                        He’s just a boy!

           He reaches the crack of daylight looking out onto the street, 
           observing the scene which has drawn a handful of Townspeople.

           The TWO RIFLEMEN are Fat Mike and Ugly Joe, two degenerate 
           bounty hunters dressed in buckskin and possum pelts and wearing 
           badges.  They have a YOUNG WOMAN and her CHILD cornered against 
           the wall.  Ugly Joe shoves the Wanted Poster in their face.    

                                 FAT MIKE
                        Best start talking boy.     

                                 YOUNG WOMAN
                        He don’t know anything!  He ain’t 
                        never seen him!

           The Child looks away, grabbing onto the Young Woman’s dress.

                                 UGLY JOE
                        I don’t believe you.  You better 
                        come with us.

           Fat Mike takes up his rifle.  McPherson and Reverend Carter ride 
           up on the scene.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        What seems to be the problem?

           THE INDIAN reacts to the arrival of McPherson, showing a mixture 
           of fear and hatred in his expression.  From this, we recognize 
           the familiar face of FISTS, now fourteen years of age.

                                 UGLY JOE
                        The boy recognizes our friend.

                                 YOUNG WOMAN
                        He don’t know what he’s saying!
           McPherson dismounts, careful not to dirty his clean trouser legs 
           or shiny boots.  The Woman and Child hold onto each other tight.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Don’t be frightened little one.  
                        Everything’s going to be fine.

                                 YOUNG WOMAN 
                        Please don’t hurt my boy!

           McPherson nods.  Ugly Joe pries the Child away from the Woman.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Tell us what you know, son.  It’s 
                        always best when we tell the truth 
                        in life, isn’t it Reverend?

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        Amen.

                                 YOUNG WOMAN
                        Wait!  I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you 
                        what I know!

           Suddenly, the Child squirms loose -- Ugly Joe lunges after him, 
           gun raised -- the Young Woman reacts, reaching for his pistol, 
           they get tangled, and then -- BANG!  The Young Woman DROPS dead.

           FISTS reacts as if shot himself.

           Reverend Carter does a Hail Mary, shaking his head.

           McPherson grabs Ugly Joe and SLAMS him against a storefront.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        That wasn’t necessary.  

                                 UGLY JOE
                        She went for my piece!

                                 MCPHERSON
                        She was protecting her kin!
                             (collecting)
                        Besides, she was going to talk.  

           FISTS moves to retreat, slamming into the side of the structure, 
           scrambling for cover.

           McPherson hears it and is first to react, shoving Ugly Joe 
           aside, reaching the small gap between structures, seeing 
           nothing.  Fat Mike and Ugly Joe mount up.
                                 MCPHERSON
                        You.  Check around back.  You.  
                        Find that kid.  Now!

           FISTS is hidden well out of sight beneath one of the structures. 

                                                       CUT TO:

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - MORNING

           Establishing.  Tucker appears on the horizon, walking.  

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - MORNING

           Tucker, winded, enters the darkened room, looking around at the 
           shredded lengths of rope spread out across the floor.  

                                 TUCKER
                        Shit.

           CLANK!  Tucker goes DOWN in a heap.  Lilly stands over him, 
           holding a cast iron skillet.

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - MOMENTS LATER 

           Lilly holds Tucker at gunpoint with his own revolvers.  He sits 
           there on the floor, coming to, stunned and bleeding.

                                 LILLY
                        You son of a bitch.  You know where 
                        I stand on being tied up.

                                 TUCKER
                        Married life dulled you a bit? 

           She COCKS back both hammers.

                                 TUCKER
                        Lost your sense of humor too?

                                 LILLY
                        Where you been all morning?

                                 TUCKER
                        Looking for my horse.

                                 LILLY
                        Don’t test me William.  

                                 TUCKER
                        What are you gonna do, shoot me?  
           She FIRES twice.  He freezes, bewildered, staring at the two 
           SMOLDERING holes in the floorboards between his legs. 

                                 LILLY
                        I’ll turn you from a rooster to a 
                        hen, so help me.  I want you off my 
                        land, dead or alive is up to you.      

                                 TUCKER
                        First off, I ain’t got no horse.  
                        Secondly, most importantly, you’re 
                        in real danger.  There are things 
                        that you don’t got any notion of.  
                        I can’t leave you here alone. 

                                 LILLY
                        Save your lies, you’re leaving.  
                        And as far as a horse is concerned, 
                        I’ve got just the one for you.

           EXT. BARN - COLE HOMESTEAD - DAY

           A beautiful White Mare watches Lilly and Tucker enter.    

                                 TUCKER
                        I can’t deprive you of such a fine 
                        creature. 

                                 LILLY
                        I agree.

           Lilly points over to the next stall.  A broken down Old Nag in 
           the process of squeezing out piles of dung from her fly buzzing 
           backside looks on -- PLOP -- PLOP -- GAS.  Tucker edges closer 
           to the gate thinking the coast is clear -- PLOP -- GAS -- PLOP. 

                                 TUCKER
                        Guess she won’t colic on me. 

                                 LILLY
                        Get moving.  She don’t bite.    

           Tucker opens the gate, the Old Nag flashes some teeth 
           aggressively.  He takes a step back.  

                                 LILLY
                        You take good care of her.  She’s 
                        better than you deserve.

           Tucker grimaces, carefully navigating across the shit strewn 
           confines of the tiny stall. 
           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - MOMENTS LATER

           Lilly keeps her distance, still holding Tucker at gunpoint.  The 
           Old Nag snorts, anxious to lose the saddle.  Tucker has her by 
           the bridle, holding her with some effort as he pleads his case.  

                                 TUCKER
                        You’re making a mistake.  I’m here 
                        to protect you, let me explain.  

                                 LILLY
                        That time has passed.  Hurry up.

           He shoves a foot in the stirrup to mount but the horse shies and 
           he goes DOWN in the mud, looking most undignified.  Lilly 
           doesn’t react.  He gets up, wiping the grime from his face.

                                 TUCKER
                        Henry’s in trouble, he’s wanted by 
                        the law, got one hell of a price on 
                        his head.  It ain’t safe here.

                                 LILLY
                        You’re a Goddamn liar.  Now get!

                                 TUCKER
                        Sending me off unarmed?  Might as 
                        well shoot me in the back.

                                 LILLY
                        Don’t tempt me!

           Tucker finally manages to mount the honoree Old Nag.  Lilly 
           fires a shot off skyward -- BANG! -- spooking the Old Nag into a 
           full gallop, carrying Tucker away against his best efforts. 

                                 TUCKER
                        You always did take me for granted!

                                 LILLY
                        Only thing I’ll take for granted 
                        about you William Tucker is that 
                        you’re a violent, unpredictable man 
                        who can’t be trusted!  Now get lost 
                        and don’t you dare come back here! 

           He swiftly gains control of the Old Nag, turning her around for 
           one last look -- nothing more to say -- and then he rides off 
           towards the stormy horizon.  Lilly watches him go, still poised 
           with the weapons, fighting back unwanted tears. 

                                                       FADE TO:
           PULLING AWAY from BLACKNESS -- only now we’re looking at HENRY 
           COLE.  Blinding daylight fills the SCREEN around him.  He’s 
           crouched behind a big rock, listening.

                                 A WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Vermin, all of you!  I curse you!  
                        I curse every last one of you!

           Henry’s eyes widen.  He reaches for his rifle and stands up.

           EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY

           We’re back at the opening robbery.  Bandits Blue and Green 
           surround the Wellington’s stagecoach.  Red pulls the trigger -- 
           a burst of flame and a puff of smoke -- BANG!  Randolph is shot. 

                                 PENNY
                        Randolph!

           CRACK!  A shot hits the ground just inches from Red’s foot.  He 
           leaps out of the way.

                                 RED
                        What the piss?

           Blue and Green look at each other, confused.  Penny cradles 
           Randolph in her arms, CRYING her heart out.  Red senses it.

                                 RED
                        The trees!

           CRACK!  Red clutches his throat.  He’s hit.  Blood pumps out 
           between his fingers.  He drops to his knees GASPING for breath.  
           Blue and Green scramble for cover.

                                 BLUE
                        You see ‘em?!

                                 GREEN
                        Run for it!

           CRACK!  A shot hits Blue in the crook of the leg, knocking him 
           down.  CRACK!  Another shot hits Green in the shoulder, spinning 
           him around like a top.  Red struggles to raise his pistol.      

           BANG!  Red shoots Penny in the chest at point blank.  CRACK!  
           Red tumbles over, shot dead between the eyes.  

           HENRY rushes in, checking Penny’s pulse, there’s something 
           there, she’s hanging on.  Green staggers towards his horse.  
           Henry spins around and quickly takes aim.  
                                 HENRY
                        Don’t move!

                                 GREEN
                        You wouldn’t shoot an unarmed man, 
                        would you slim?

           Henry hesitates, watching Green saddle up on his horse and 
           gallop away in a flurry of dust.  

           BANG!  A shot hits the dirt inches away from Henry.  He swings 
           his rifle around, aiming at Blue who’s holding the smoking gun.  

                                 HENRY
                        Put it down!  Don’t make me do it!  

           A brief look of rage from Blue -- and then he pulls the trigger.  
           BANG!  Henry fires at the same time.  CRACK!

                                                       SMASH CUT TO:

           INT. ABANDONED MINE SHAFT - NIGHT

           THUNDERHEADS rumbling outside and the REVERBERATION they inflict 
           against the cavern walls jars Henry from a restless sleep.  He 
           looks around, as if the shot was just fired, seeing Penny, lying 
           awake and gazing into the crackling flames.

                                 PENNY
                             (in a feeble voice)
                        Why won’t you let me die?

           Henry sits up, grimacing from the pain shooting through his 
           wounded shoulder, looking at Penny, faking his best smile.  

                                 HENRY
                        Because you’re getting better.

                                 PENNY
                        Where’s my Randolph?

                                 HENRY
                        You don’t remember?

                                 PENNY
                        I mean, did you commit his body to 
                        the ground?

                                 HENRY
                        Yes ma’am.  
                                 PENNY
                        Where?

                                 HENRY
                        High on the mountain, overlooking 
                        the valley, facing the sunrise.  
                        Very peaceful.     

           Penny slightly smiles.  She looks at Henry across the fire.

                                 PENNY
                        You have to promise me something.

           Henry moves to her side, taking her hand.

                                 PENNY
                        I want to be laid to rest beside 
                        him ... no matter what ... you must 
                        promise to keep us together.

                                 HENRY
                        Ma’am, you’re not going to ...
                             (he thinks twice)
                        I promise. 

           Henry blots the sweat from her forehead.  He knows the end is 
           coming.  He sees the suffering in her eyes.

                                 HENRY
                        It’s alright ma’am.  It’s alright.

                                 PENNY
                        It’s not alright.  What kind of a 
                        world?  Your whole life builds to 
                        this, violent conclusion?  All the 
                        years together?  To be slaughtered 
                        like animals?  We deserve better.  

                                 HENRY
                        There’s a better place ma’am.  
                        You’ll see your husband again.  

                                 PENNY
                        What is this great evil?  Where 
                        does it come from?  How is it still 
                        alive in the world?

                                 HENRY
                        Bible tells us it was put here on 
                        earth to balance the scales.  I 
                        don’t think it will ever go away.  

           Penny closes her eyes.  A tear streams out.
                                 PENNY
                        Yes it will.  If it ever loved, I 
                        mean truly loved something for only 
                        a brief moment ... it would cease 
                        to be evil.

           Henry respectfully nods, acknowledging her passionate words.  He 
           applies something dark and moist to her massive wounds which 
           seem to sooth her pain if only for the moment.

                                 PENNY
                        Are you married doctor?

                                 HENRY
                        Yes ma’am.   

                                 PENNY
                        Then, please ... end my suffering.  
                        Go to your woman ... she’s in as 
                        much danger as you are ... take her 
                        with you and ride away, far away.

           Henry glances at the Wanted Poster next to his coat.

                                 HENRY
                        Who were those men?

                                 PENNY
                        They were supposed to protect us, 
                        our escorts out of town but they 
                        never came.  That lying snake, 
                        pretending to be looking out for 
                        Randolph and me.  

                                 HENRY
                        Who?

                                 PENNY
                        Seamus McPherson.  

           Henry shakes his head, not familiar.

                                 PENNY
                        He’s the brother of the man who’s 
                        going to hunt you down ... put you 
                        in your grave for helping us.    

                                 HENRY
                        Those bandits were lawmen?

           Penny struggles to stay focused, painfully nodding “yes.” 
                                 HENRY
                        Save your strength.  We have time.

                                 PENNY
                        No ... we don’t ... Patty McPherson 
                        only valued one thing in this world 
                        ... his rotten little brother ... 
                        and now he’s going to come looking 
                        for the man who killed him.

           She reaches out and squeezes Henry’s hand as hard as she can. 

                                 PENNY
                        Please doctor, put me out of this 
                        misery, send me to heaven so I can 
                        be with my Randolph and get back to 
                        your woman before it’s too late.          

           He looks away, his mind racing.

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT 

           Establishing.  A break in the storm brings an eerie silence.  We 
           HONE IN on the house -- DRIFTING closer to the upstairs window, 
           the only window not boarded up, where a dim light shines.

           INT. COLE HOUSE - VARIOUS - CONTINUOUS

           Lilly prepares for sleep.  She washes her face and slips into 
           her night gown, unaware that the bedroom door has blown open 
           slightly from the breeze.  

           She picks up a wooden music box next to the bed and winds it up.  
           A tinny MELODY pours out.  She sits on the bed, taking up one of 
           Henry’s coats, smelling the stale cigar smoke as she squeezes.

                                 LILLY
                        Henry, please come home.

           A NOISE from downstairs unsettles her, slight at first, then 
           gaining in intensity, like the BANGING of wood against wood.  

           She picks up Tucker’s shotgun and moves out using a kerosene 
           lamp to light the way -- leaving the bedroom -- moving into the 
           hallway -- down the staircase -- the NOISE getting LOUDER and 
           LOUDER with every step.

           DOWNSTAIRS.  She comes upon the NOISE, realizing that it’s only 
           the sound of loose shutters CLANKING in the heavy WIND.  
           Relieved, she reaches out and closes them.
           We follow her from room to room -- moving through the darkness -- 
           all the way back up the CREAKING staircase.  

           UPSTAIRS.  Lilly closes the door, returning to her bedside.  The 
           music box tune is slowing down.  She rests the shotgun against 
           the wall and kicks off her slippers, noticing mud on the floor.  

           She reaches down, touches it, swirling it on her fingers.  Just 
           then, a DIRTY HAND reaches out from underneath the bed, GRABBING 
           her, taking her down.  She HITS the floor kicking and SCREAMING!  

           A GRIZZLY behemoth of a man emerges from the darkness.  Lilly 
           gouges at his eyes as he tries to smother her beneath his 
           enormous weight.  She reaches for the shotgun but it’s no use.  
           He pins her down, leering at her with beady, perverted eyes.  

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Quiet now!

                                 LILLY
                        Get off me!

           He SPITS his disgusting tobacco spat all over her face.  She 
           SCREAMS even louder -- THRASHING under his stinking girth.  This 
           only serves to titillate her attacker.  

                                 LILLY
                        What do you want from me?!

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Same thing as your friend did.

           He presses his forearm hard against her throat.

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Hurts don’t it?  Circulation cut 
                        off.  Not able to breath.   
                             (he leans in closer)
                        Don’t play stupid with me.  I’m not 
                        getting up until you tell me 
                        exactly what I need to know.      

           He smiles, revealing a mouthful of tobacco stained teeth, 
           grinding his pelvis into hers, slowly easing off of her throat, 
           leaving her GASPING for air.

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Where is he?

                                 LILLY
                        Gone.  Take a look for yourself.  

           He leans in, licking the crook of her neck.
                                 GRIZZLY
                        Then you and I can get cozy.

                                 LILLY
                        You son of a bitch!

           He SMACKS her across the face.  She responds with a brutal HEAD 
           BUTT to the nose, instantly drawing blood.      

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Yeah!  You got sass in you, missy!

           He reaches for his pants.  She sinks her teeth into his neck.  
           He swings his powerful fist, CONNECTING with the side of her 
           face, bouncing her head against the floor.  She’s out.  

           The door BUSTS open.  Grizzly looks up.  Tucker rushes inside.  
           Grizzly makes a move for the sawed-off.  Tucker TACKLES him, 
           sending the shotgun sliding away across the floor.  

           Tucker bloodies Grizzly with his fists.  Grizzly wraps him up -- 
           squeezing with back breaking strength -- hurling Tucker clear 
           across the room into the vanity -- CRASH!

           Grizzly SHATTERS a bottle against Tucker’s head -- he absorbs 
           the hit -- Grizzly lunges with the jagged bottleneck -- Tucker 
           fends with his hands which are slick with blood -- he KICKS 
           Grizzly in the chest -- sending him staggering into the --

           HALLWAY.  Tucker appears -- shoving Grizzly into the railing -- 
           it BUCKLES against their weight and then BREAKS -- Grizzly grabs 
           hold of Tucker -- they both plummet over the edge.  

           DOWNSTAIRS.  Tucker’s will prevents him from blacking out.  
           Grizzly crawls towards the staircase, dragging his broken leg.  
           Tucker leaps on top of him.  Grizzly ROARS onto his feet, 
           ripping Tucker down, sending him HARD to the floor.

           Grizzly TEARS away a piece of the bannister -- swinging at 
           Tucker who rolls, barely avoiding its devastation.  Grizzly 
           swings again -- Tucker keeps moving, running out of space fast.  

           Grizzly’s got him.  He winds up for the death blow but he’s HIT 
           in the back with tremendous force!  He reaches behind him, 
           unable to remove an AXE between his shoulder blades.

                                 GRIZZLY
                        Smells like somethin’s burning.

           He tumbles forward, LANDING on top of Tucker.  Lilly stands 
           there above them, smiling at Tucker for the first time.
                                 LILLY
                        You alright?

           Tucker squirms beneath the dead man’s crushing weight.

                                 TUCKER
                        No. 

           INT. A DARK ROOM - BLACK SPARROW - NIGHT

           McPherson soaks in a tub of steaming hot water under the dim 
           light of an oil lamp.  He’s SCRUBBING his hands raw with a stiff-
           bristled brush.  

           A KNOCK at the door rouses him from the mirth of his solitude. 

                                 MCPHERSON
                        What is it?

                                 REVEREND CARTER (O.S.)
                        You wanted to see me?

           McPherson gestures to the chair beside him next to the tub.  
           Reverend Carter enters, taking a seat.  

           McPherson stares ahead, plagued by something.  Reverend Carter 
           respects his privacy, never meeting eyes.  Facing the same 
           direction, it’s reminiscent of a confessional.  

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        What troubles you, Patrick?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Seamus was a decent man, a man of 
                        the law, a man who in God's name 
                        sheltered the weak against the 
                        madness of this world, a madness 
                        that I allowed to corrupt me for so 
                        very long.  I should be the one 
                        rotting in the earth, not him.       

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        Do not judge yourself against your 
                        brother as God and I do not.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        On the morning I awoke from that 
                        terrible sleep and realized God had 
                        given me a second chance, I vowed 
                        to follow in his path.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCPHERSON (cont'd)
                        I begged to be absolved of my past 
                        abominations and yet I forsake my 
                        oath with him every passing day.

           McPherson takes up his brush again and begins SCRUBBING.

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        The metal wedged inside your brain 
                        must be twisting and distorting 
                        your perception.  You are God’s 
                        hand, ridding this town of sinners.  
                        I bear witness that your path of 
                        vengeance is just, Patrick.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        And what if I’m wrong? 

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        Then God help you.  Let us pray.  

           McPherson looks at the grime hopelessly embedded beneath his 
           nails and then to Reverend Carter, each bow their heads.    

           INT. COLE HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Tucker sits at a table beside the window, gulping down bourbon 
           while Lilly finishes bandaging his hands.

                                 LILLY 
                        I wouldn’t say you’re as good as 
                        new but you’re definitely something 
                        William Tucker.

                                 TUCKER
                        Thank you kindly.

           He tries flexing his hands, excruciatingly painful.  She sits 
           down across from him at the table.  The bottle of bourbon and 
           two glasses separates them.  He downs the last of his glass in 
           one gulp and then gingerly pours another.

                                 LILLY
                        You keep going on like that and 
                        those demons are bound to drown 
                        forever.  Then what would you do?  

                                 TUCKER
                        I just got the tar whipped out of 
                        me by a son bitch tougher than a 
                        five cent steak.  Leave me alone.  
                        I’m healing.

           He lashes the shot back.  She pours herself a glass.
                                 LILLY
                        I suppose I should thank you.  

                                 TUCKER
                        That would be mannerly.

                                 LILLY
                        Who was he?

                                 TUCKER
                        Never seen him before.  Bounty 
                        hunter I reckon.

                                 LILLY
                        What makes you think that?

                                 TUCKER
                        Because he was carrying this.

           He passes over a bloodstained scroll of paper.  She unrolls the 
           WANTED POSTER.  She scans it, struck hard upon seeing the image 
           of her husband above such a vicious list of crimes.

                                 LILLY
                        This can’t be true.  Murder.  
                        Robbery.  William, you know Henry.  
                        You know he isn’t capable of this.  
                        These are lies.  They must be.

                                 TUCKER
                        It don’t matter.  Don’t you see?
                        It’s dangerous here.  Ride with me.  
                        Tonight.  We’ll hit the trail.
                             (he reaches out)
                        You’ll be safe I promise.  

                                 LILLY
                        Let go of my hand.

           She pulls away, incredulous.  He sits back, feeling tired, 
           defeated, taking up his glass for another long drink.

                                 LILLY
                        Are you sick?  I would never go 
                        anywhere with you.  I’m not leaving 
                        until my husband returns safely.  

                                 TUCKER
                             (his mood darkens)
                        Your husband.  How could you?  How 
                        could both of you?  
                                 (MORE)
                                 TUCKER (cont'd)
                        Know what, far as I’m concerned, I 
                        don’t feel one ounce of guilt.  He 
                        got what he deserved.      

                                 LILLY
                        Henry respected you, he’d have 
                        never done you wrong.

                                 TUCKER
                        He was in love with you.

                                 LILLY
                        I pursued Henry.  I was in love.  
                        It was my doing not his.  He was 
                        always so sweet to me back when you 
                        was so rotten.  But he pushed me 
                        away on account of his friendship 
                        with you.  

                                 TUCKER
                        You’re just trying to make me feel 
                        sorry for the son of a bitch.

                                 LILLY
                        That night, Henry was about to 
                        leave, on his own, without me.

                                 TUCKER
                        Horse shit.

                                 LILLY
                        I threw myself at him.  I begged 
                        him not to leave me.  I pushed my 
                        lips onto his and then you come 
                        bursting through the door all full 
                        of piss and bourbon, convinced you 
                        was betrayed.

                                 TUCKER
                        I was betrayed!

                                 LILLY
                        By me!  Not him you bastard!  Me!

           She picks up the bottle and throws it.  He ducks -- it SMASHES 
           against the wall behind him.  He instantly begins laughing.  She 
           stands up, furious.  

                                 LILLY
                        Want to get even with me?  Now’s 
                        your chance!  Come on!  Do it!    
           She SMACKS him across the face.  He stops laughing and stands 
           up.  She stands up and swings again but this time he catches her 
           at the wrist -- their eyes lock -- uncertainty, until --

           Tucker KISSES Lilly deeply and for a moment she kisses him back, 
           HARD -- then she pulls away, horrified, confused.  She stares 
           him down for a long moment.  It’s either straight to bed or a 
           another fire fight.  

                                 LILLY
                        Take your hands off me.

           After a moment, Tucker releases his grip.  Lilly collects, 
           trying to ignore the whole thing.

                                 LILLY
                        You ought to be ashamed for the 
                        rest of your miserable life, for 
                        what you did to a good man, for the 
                        bad man you’re always going to be.   

           Tucker sits back down, picking up his glass.

                                 TUCKER
                        That’s a mighty big cross to bear.

                                 LILLY
                        I want you gone come morning.  I 
                        can fend for myself.    

                                 TUCKER
                        You did one hell of a job before I 
                        got here. 

                                 LILLY
                        Well, now I know the stakes!  And 
                        don’t pretend like you’re here to 
                        be helpful.  You’re just waiting 
                        for Henry so you can take him in 
                        and cash in that reward yourself.  
                        It all makes perfect sense now! 

                                 TUCKER
                        If this Sheriff of Ridgeway finds 
                        you, or Henry, he’ll slaughter the 
                        both of you in a manner you can’t 
                        possibly imagine.  Now I won’t 
                        allow that happen but you got to 
                        trust me. 

                                 LILLY
                        Nothing in this world will ever 
                        make me trust you again.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 LILLY (cont'd)
                        Don’t go thinking I’ll ever change 
                        my mind about you, Tucker.  You 
                        ain’t no good and you never will 
                        be.  

                                 TUCKER
                        I’ll drink to that.

           He picks up the glass, dejected, clanking it against hers.  She 
           watches him guzzle down, arriving at some sort of decision in 
           her mind.  She turns away and leaves the room without so much as 
           a word.  He leans back, pulling his hat down over his face.

                                 TUCKER
                        Sleep tight.

                                                       FADE TO:

           Over BLACK.  A WOMAN SCREAMS a repeated phrase unfamiliar to us.

           INT. INDIAN WIGWAM - DAWN

           The VOICE belongs to a NAKED INDIAN WOMAN.  She tries 
           desperately to rouse Tucker from a whiskey-induced coma.  Faint 
           GUNSHOTS and SCREAMING overlap in the distance.

                                 INDIAN WOMAN 
                             (subtitled)
                        Wake up!  Wake up!  Wake up!
                             (in English this time)
                        Wake up!

           Tucker’s bloodshot eyes blink open.

           EXT. INDIAN CAMP - HIGH MOUNTAINS - MOMENTS LATER 

           Tucker stumbles out of the wigwam into the snow, wearing only 
           his pants.  He surveys the CHAOTIC BATTLE raging before him.  
           We’re back at the opening attack.  He straps on his weapons.  

           In the distance.  The Bald Man is losing his battle with an 
           Indian Warrior, reaching out for his gun, fighting against the 
           Warrior’s blade hovering inches from his throat.  He spots 
           Tucker approaching and assumes that he’s one of them.

                                 BALD MAN
                        Shoot him!

           Tucker fires -- BANG!  Bald Man’s head snaps back from the 
           impact.  Wrong assumption.  The Warrior looks up, recognizing 
           Tucker, nodding.  Tucker rushes in and takes Bald Man’s pelt.  
           OTHER SIDE OF CAMP.  The Pale Scalper maneuvers over the bodies 
           of fallen Indians and White Men -- coming upon a wounded Warrior 
           -- SHOOTING him -- moving on -- SHOOTING more -- even Women and 
           Children as they lie helpless, bleeding out into the snow.

           The Pale Scalper spots Young Fists struggling in vain to string 
           his large bow.  He raises his pistol, taking aim.  Fists is 
           frozen in terror at the sight of the man who killed his father.

           A different pistol CLICKS behind the Pale Scalper.  He turns.  
           Tucker stares at him, his gun trained dead ahead -- BANG! 

                                                       SMASH CUT TO:

           EXT. ABANDONED MINE SHAFT - PRE DAWN

           Establishing.  The GUNSHOT overlaps with THUNDER. 

                                 HENRY (O.S.)
                        Oh Lord, please help me.

           INT. ABANDONED MINE SHAFT - CONTINUOUS

           Henry, on his knees in prayer, speaks softly so not to wake 
           Penny who lies sleeping beside the fire.

                                 HENRY
                        If I leave her here she’ll die.  
                        Please help me.  Please protect my 
                        wife, Lord.  Please watch over 
                        Lilly.  If anything were to happen 
                        I ... please show me the way. 

                                 PENNY
                        Doctor Cole.

           Penny’s eyes open.  Henry moves to her side.

                                 PENNY
                        I can’t feel my legs anymore.  We 
                        both know it ... whether it takes a 
                        few hours ... a few days.  

                                 HENRY
                        Ma’am.

                                 PENNY
                        Your wife needs you.  
                                 HENRY
                        I know what you’re asking but, your 
                        death is not written in stone, it 
                        is not for you or I to determine.

                                 PENNY
                        You’re a good hearted man Doctor 
                        Cole but you’re making a mistake.

           She reaches out unexpectedly, touching her finger to his eye 
           patch for a brief and fleeting moment.  His first reaction is to 
           pull away but then he stops himself and allows her to feel along 
           the jagged scar that marks his cheek.  

                                 PENNY
                        Who did this to you?

                                 HENRY
                        An old friend. 

                                 PENNY
                        Did you deserve it?

                                 HENRY
                        I took something very dear to him.

                                 PENNY
                        You run off with his woman, didn’t 
                        you doctor?

           Henry looks to her, surprised.

                                 PENNY
                        Friends don’t become enemies unless 
                        it’s over the likes of a woman.  
                        Was she worth it?

           She suddenly GASPS, clutching onto Henry’s wrist.  Her eyes 
           bulge wide open -- her body stiffens from the pain.  She turns 
           her head, looking at something.  He follows her eyes over to the 
           rifle, leaning against the cave wall.  

                                 PENNY
                        Please doctor ...

           Penny turns back to Henry, his tortured expression drifting from 
           the rifle into the black void of the cave.
           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW - DAWN

           Establishing.  A pack of wild dogs roam the street.  Frightened 
           faces part the curtains of lamp lit windows.  New storm clouds 
           are gathering overhead.  

           Two SILHOUETTES struggle their way across the muddy street 
           towards on a nondescript building marked COUNTY OFFICE.   

                                 TERRY
                        Now you let me do all the talking 
                        and we’ll make out good, real good.

                                 JASPER
                        I don’t know, this ain’t a very 
                        bright idea, you don’t bargain with 
                        the law, Terry.

                                 TERRY
                        Just keep your trap shut until I 
                        tell you other how.  And whatever 
                        you do don’t go laughing at his 
                        gimpy wheel.

           INT. COUNTY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

           A large, municipal chamber filled with desks and jail cells.  
           McPherson’s Posse has taken over, most are sleeping, others are 
           keeping watch.  

           McPherson sits behind a desk, writing manically on pieces of 
           parchment that are filled from margin to margin.  

           All is QUIET -- and then the door BURSTS open.  

                                 TERRY (O.S.)
                        Good morning!

           In barge TERRY and JASPER, two shabby looking coal miners.  
           Every GUN in the room is now trained on them.  Terry doesn’t 
           move an inch.  Jasper reaches for the sky.

                                 JASPER
                        Oh Lord!  Don’t shoot!

           McPherson continues writing, finishing his thought before 
           finally looking up.  He removes his spectacles, struggling up 
           from his seat.  His men chomp at the bit behind their triggers.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        And a fine morning to you sir. 
           McPherson moves past Jasper, who unsuccessfully ignores his 
           handicap.  McPherson stops in front of Terry, sizing him up.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        May I help you gentlemen?

                                 TERRY
                        Sure can.  Got some rock solid 
                        info.  Good stuff.  About the 
                        fellow with the eye patch.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Curiosity is piqued, continue.

           Terry, feeling empowered, grabs a chair and takes a seat.  He 
           leans back, milking this brief moment of significance.  

                                 TERRY
                        I think we need to discuss the 
                        financial parameters first, yes?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        No.  

           CRACK!  The chair snaps and Terry crashes to the floor.  He 
           scrambles to his feet.

                                 TERRY
                        What do you mean, no?

           Hammers COCK back on pistols throughout the room.

                                 JASPER
                        Maybe we ought to push off, Terry.  

                                 TERRY
                        Shut the hell up Jasper and show 
                        the man your leg.

                                 JASPER
                        Awe, Terry.

                                 TERRY
                        Lift up them britches!

           Jasper lifts his trouser leg, exposing a wooden stilt.

                                 TERRY
                        Got his foot run over in the mine 
                        shaft about a year ago.  Doc said 
                        he had no choice but to lob the 
                        thing off at the ankle.  Almost 
                        killed poor Jasper.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 TERRY (cont'd)
                        Now look at him.  Down in the 
                        mines, he’s about as useful as a 
                        bag full of dicks.  

           Jasper looks at Terry, who catches his misstep.  Terry looks to 
           McPherson, terrified.  McPherson actually smiles at that one.

                                 JASPER
                        He was alright Terry.  He did what 
                        had to be done.  He was nice to me.

                                 TERRY
                        Hush up!  Adults are having a 
                        conversation here!
                             (to McPherson)
                        So here’s the predicament.  Poor 
                        Jasper can’t support himself nor 
                        his kin.  Now that old reward money 
                        sure would come in handy.  

           McPherson is losing patience.  Terry picks up on it.

                                 TERRY
                        Hey, the doc’s your man.  Name’s 
                        Cole.  Jasper’s been to where he 
                        lives out in the country.  Spent 
                        three weeks there in recovery.

                                 JASPER
                        I don’t remember how to get there 
                        but I think I could find it.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Let me understand something before 
                        we continue, Terry.  Have you ever 
                        visited this doctor’s fair abode?

                                 TERRY
                        No sir.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Then why are you here?

                                 TERRY
                        I’m along on account of 
                        representing Jasper here in matters 
                        of reward, you know, condensation.

           McPherson cringes, his irritation is evident.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Compensation?
                                 TERRY
                        That too.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Yes of course.  Lest we forget your 
                        stake in these matters.  

                                 TERRY
                        I thought that was the arrangement.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Pardon me, Terry.

           McPherson moves away from Terry to Jasper.  The smaller man 
           cowers as the imposing shadow crosses his face.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I want you to stay calm for me 
                        Jasper, do we have an accord?

                                 JASPER
                        Yes sir.

           McPherson draws his revolver, BANG!  Head shot -- Terry’s dead 
           before he hits the ground.  Jasper SHRIEKS!  McPherson holsters 
           the smoking gun.    

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I can’t abide the greedy. 

           He puts his arm around Jasper as if to comfort him.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Now, I want you to tell me 
                        everything you know about this 
                        doctor friend of yours.

                                 JASPER
                        Are you going to kill me?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        That remains up to you, Jasper.

           McPherson leads Jasper towards his desk, carefully stepping over 
           Terry’s body along the way.

           EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE - FIRST LIGHT 

           Establishing.  A peaceful stretch of highland.  Henry’s 
           Silhouette digs into the earth beside a large mound of soil.          
           EXT. GRAVE SITE - MOUNTAIN RANGE - MORNING

           Henry stands over the Wellington’s grave, hat over heart for a 
           long, solemn moment.  

           He holds a small, leather-bound journal, looking over a 
           handwritten prayer, trying to collect himself long enough to 
           deliver the sermon he’s performed over so many graves.  

                                 HENRY
                        Make me an instrument of Thy peace.  
                        Where there is hatred ... let me 
                        sow love.  Where there is injury, 
                        pardon.  Where there is doubt ... 

           Henry looks to the heavens, searching for the words.

                                 HENRY
                        Faith.  Where there is despair, 
                        where there is despair ...

           He stops, unable to finish, closing the journal.

           MONTAGE

           A sad STRING BALLAD, PLAYS over the following images:

           TUCKER wakes up alone, downstairs at the COLE HOUSE, his weapons 
           are nowhere to be seen.  He leaps out of the chair in a panic.  
           His tantrum is swift and violent from room to room as he 
           searches for Lilly.  Nothing is left undisturbed.  

           REVEREND CARTER stands, holding a crucifix up high, prophesying 
           from his bible as MCPHERSON and most of his POSSE ride away from 
           BLACK SPARROW.  A terrified JASPER travels alongside McPherson 
           at the front of the pack.  

           FISTS, watches the precession travel down MAIN STREET from the 
           window of a small, darkened HOTEL ROOM.  He looks on intently, 
           smoking on a pipe, disguised in a wide-brimmed hat, dressed up 
           like the white man.

           TUCKER enters the STABLES.  The Old Nag reacts to his presence.  
           The White Mare is gone.  He bends down to inspect the fresh hoof 
           tracks left on the wet earth leading away.  

           THE WELLINGTON’S GRAVE.  Marked by two simple crosses.  Adorned 
           with flowers.  Overlooking the magnificent valley.  

           HENRY up on his stallion, riding hard, through the wilderness. 
           THE STORM churns overhead, charged with electricity, darkening 
           the skyline.

           EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON 

           McPherson, Jasper, and a surly tracker named OLD BOB, wait on 
           horseback atop a ridge overlooking the forboding frontier 
           landscape.  McPherson leans over, whispering to Old Bob.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        What do you think?

                                 OLD BOB
                        I think he’s full of shit.  There 
                        ain’t nothing out here.  
                             (his pistol half drawn)
                        Want me to take care of it?

           McPherson thinks it over, then nods.  Jasper tries to steer his 
           horse closer to the conversation.  

                                 JASPER
                        What’s going on?

                                 OLD BOB
                        Chatting about the weather is all.

           Old Bob swipes the reins off Jasper’s horse.

                                 JASPER
                        Wait, it’s out here I promise, just 
                        give me a minute, it all just looks 
                        so familiar.

                                 OLD BOB 
                        Apologies Jasper.  That’s the price 
                        you pay for wasting his time.

                                 A MAN (O.S.)
                        Boss!

           McPherson motions for Old Bob to wait, turning around to face 
           six more of his Deputies galloping up on their position.  

           The leader of the pack is a young man with his arm in a sling, 
           this is HANDSOME JESSE.  The others are BIG DANE, DIRTY BILL, 
           Ugly Joe, and RAY GARDNER.  They’re towing another horse, it’s 
           Tucker’s albino gelding, Smokey.

                                 BIG DANE
                        We found him wandering the ridge. 
                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Belongs to a W. Tucker.

                                 RAY GARDNER
                        Bounty hunter?  

           McPherson nods, steering closer to poor, struggling Smokey, 
           inspecting the horse for anything telling.

                                 DIRTY BILL
                        Maybe the doc got him?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        For the moment we must assume that 
                        this bounty hunter found what he 
                        was looking for but paid the 
                        ultimate price.  Perhaps we’re on 
                        the right path after all.  

           McPherson turns to Jasper and smiles.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        You may survive this yet.

           EXT. RIVER’S EDGE - COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON 

           Lilly rides at full tilt through DOWNPOUR.  It’s getting hard to 
           see as she steers her white mare through the trees and mud that 
           line the rain swollen RIVER.  She squints to see in both 
           directions.  There is no other place to cross.  

           She kicks the horse, urging her on towards the rushing water but 
           the horse whinnies and fights back.

                                 LILLY
                        Get!  Come on, damn it!

           She whips the horse and they lurch forward.  The White Mare, 
           upon contact with the frigid water, rears wildly almost throwing 
           her.  She gains control of the horse, pulling her back.

                                 LILLY
                        Henry!  Henry!

           She spins the horse around looking for another way but the 
           streaking rain is blinding.  

                                 LILLY
                        Damn it!

           Lilly kicks her horse in, galloping away.
           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW TOWNSHIP - AFTERNOON

           The buildings groan from the moisture and cold wind howling 
           between them.  The people are on lock down.  A Silhouette on 
           crooked horseback comes staggering up the street.       

           Tucker steers the Old Nag.  He’s got one hand tucked into his 
           long duster, hiding the fact that, for the moment, he’s unarmed.  
           He tips his hat at FOUR CASKETS lined up for burial on his way 
           past the church graveyard.  

           Reverend Carter stands in the doorway of the Church, watching 
           Tucker as he passes.  Tucker nods.  Reverend Carter backs away, 
           closing the door.  The WANTED POSTER hangs there.  

           Tucker presses on, spotting a MAN closing the shutters of a 
           second-story window of a building marked: HOTEL BLACK SPARROW. 

           INT. HOTEL BLACK SPARROW - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER

           Beams of daylight penetrate the filthy window at the end of the 
           slim corridor.  Tucker inches forward through the darkness.  The 
           last door on the left slowly CREAKS open.  Tucker raises his 
           bandaged hands, speaking in an Indian dialect.

                                 TUCKER
                             (subtitled)
                        Fists.  It’s me.

           Fists peers over the barrel of his shotgun which he promptly 
           lowers upon recognition of his friend and mentor.  He smiles.

                                 FISTS
                        You’re early.

                                 TUCKER
                        I know.

           Tucker embraces Fists and then moves inside, closing the door.

           INT. HOTEL BLACK SPARROW - SINGLE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Fists closes the drapes while studying Tucker’s condition.  

                                 FISTS
                        What happened?  

                                 TUCKER
                        There were complications.
                                 FISTS
                        You look bad, been drinking the 
                        white man’s fire water again?

                                 TUCKER
                        We all have our vices.

           Fists shrugs, loading the bowl of his pipe.  Tucker goes to his 
           things, finding a slightly less filthy shirt.  He puts it on.

                                 FISTS
                        Did you find your enemy?

                                 TUCKER
                        He wasn’t home.

                                 FISTS
                        Someone else was, yes?

                                 TUCKER
                        I don’t want to talk about her.  
                        Coming out here was a big mistake.  
                        My thinking isn’t clear when it 
                        comes to those two, it never was. 

                                 FISTS
                        Your thinking is not the problem 
                        William Tucker.  It is your heart 
                        that is going to get us killed.

                                 TUCKER
                        Nice to know you think I got one.

           Tucker looks at Fists, humbled by his wisdom.  He notices the 
           troubled look in the face of his friend.  

                                 TUCKER
                        What is it?  

                                 FISTS
                        A band of crazy white men rode into 
                        town two nights past, they also 
                        seek your enemy.  The White Ghost 
                        rides among them.  It is a dark 
                        presence, as if evil protects him, 
                        surrounds him like the good spirits 
                        protecting us. 

           Tucker sits down beside Fists.

                                 TUCKER
                        Your instincts are right, kid.  
                                 FISTS
                        So what are we going to do?

                                 TUCKER
                        We’re not going to do anything.  
                        You’re going back.

           Fists tosses his pipe, standing up, defiant.

                                 FISTS
                        I will not leave without you.

                                 TUCKER
                        I can’t protect you from what’s 
                        coming this way.  Hell, I can’t so 
                        much as protect myself these days.  

                                 FISTS
                        Then I will protect you.

                                 TUCKER
                        What I have to do, I must do alone.      

           Fists looks away, disgusted.

                                 FISTS
                        You welcome death in a way that is 
                        very sad.  True warriors do not 
                        travel that path.

                                 TUCKER
                        Don’t go thinking you got me 
                        figured out just yet, kid.      

           Tucker moves across the room towards a pair of rifles propped up 
           beside the bed.  He chooses one, COCKS it open, checking its 
           action, carefully inspecting its condition.

                                 FISTS
                        Last night, I experienced a vision.

                                 TUCKER
                        You shouldn’t be smoking that 
                        Goddamn peace pipe so much.

                                 FISTS
                        I was consulting the spirits.  They 
                        are very angry.  Just look at the 
                        sky, listen to the wind.  Darkness 
                        is falling and soon blood will 
                        spill like floodwater. 
                                 TUCKER
                        The spirits are right to be angry.  
                        But it ain’t going be your blood 
                        spilling kid.  My call stands. 

           Tucker straps the weapon over his shoulder and pockets a handful 
           of shells.  He makes for the door.  Fists blocks his path.

                                 FISTS
                        You are not yourself these days, 
                        William Tucker.  You need my 
                        guidance now more than ever.

                                 TUCKER
                        If I so much as catch sight of you 
                        over my shoulder there’s gonna be 
                        hell to pay.  Now you listen to 
                        your Goddamn elder and hit the 
                        trail.  Pronto.

                                 FISTS
                        What are you going to do?

                                 TUCKER
                        What I should have done a long time 
                        ago ... don’t worry about me kid.  
                        See you in two days.  

           Tucker musters a slight smile and then exits.

           EXT. HOTEL BLACK SPARROW - AFTERNOON 

           Fat Mike and UNCLE BONES wait on either side of the entrance 
           with their guns drawn.  Tucker parts the swinging doors, 
           stepping out and he doesn’t see them until it’s too late.  He 
           stops and raises his hands slowly.

                                 TUCKER
                        Easy boys.

                                 FAT MIKE
                             (referring to the rifle)
                        I’ll take that.

                                 TUCKER
                        But it ain’t yours.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        Don’t make me shoot you right here.

           Tucker allows Uncle Bones to disarm him.  They pat him down. 
                                 FAT MIKE 
                        Sign on the way in says check your 
                        arms in with the Sheriff. 

                                 TUCKER
                        I don’t read well.

           Fat Mike PUNCHES Tucker in the gut.  He goes down on one knee.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        You’re under arrest.

           We DRIFT up the facade of the building -- arriving at Fist’s 
           window -- where he assesses the situation.

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON 

           We FOLLOW Lilly on horseback, galloping up towards the house.  
           She stares nervously at the bullet pocked walls and boarded 
           windows.  She slows down, dismounting a few yards away, arming 
           herself with the shotgun from the saddle.              

           INT. COLE HOUSE - VARIOUS - AFTERNOON 

           Lilly pushes open the door with the barrel of her sawed-off.  It 
           CREAKS open -- wall to wall devastation.  She barricades the 
           door -- fortifying every last inch of space before moving 
           upstairs with the same purpose.            

           Lilly kicks open the bedroom door.  Everything is turned upside, 
           everything except for the PICTURE FRAME -- a wedding photograph 
           of Henry and Lilly.  She picks it up, holding it close to her 
           heart, anger and sadness filling her eyes with tears.  

           Lilly listens to the silence.  She slowly gets to her knees and 
           begins crawling towards the window sill.  She peers out between 
           the wooden planks, staring out at the swaying crop fields.  

           Could there be someone out there?  And then a flock of SPARROWS 
           bursts up from the stocks -- flying off into the sky.  

           Her eyes widen.  There’s someone out there -- KABOOM!  The wood 
           next to her SPLINTERS into a million pieces.  She hits the deck.  
           She HEARS the commotion of men and horses getting closer. She 
           scrambles for the sawed-off and scattered shells. 

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON 

           McPherson and the rest of his Posse come galloping down the 
           grassy hilltop in the distance.  They fan out in teams -- taking 
           up strategic positions -- surrounding the house and barn.  
           McPherson, Big Dane, Dirty Bill, Handsome Jesse, Old Bob, and 
           Ray Gardener are sitting upon their horses in front of some 
           trees, badges gleaming upon their chests.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Dr. Henry Cole!  The Sheriff of 
                        Ridgeway has you surrounded.  You 
                        are under arrest for the charges of 
                        robbery and murder.  

           McPherson checks the time on his pocket watch.

           INT. COLE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Lilly lies on the floor loading every weapon in sight.

                                 MCPHERSON (O.S.)
                        You have thirty seconds to 
                        surrender!

           OUTSIDE.  

           McPherson watches the seconds tick away, raising his hand, 
           giving the signal. 

                                 MCPHERSON
                        On my mark.

           Fingers touch triggers in unison.  And they wait.       

           INSIDE.

           Lilly crawls on her belly with two shotguns, finding cover 
           behind the toppled dresser in the center of the darkened room.

                                 MCPHERSON (O.S.)
                        Twenty-five!  

                                 LILLY
                        My husband’s innocent!  

                                 MCPHERSON (O.S.)
                        Come outside and we’ll discuss it!

                                 LILLY
                        Where’s the Sheriff of Black 
                        Sparrow?  Find him and we’ll talk!

                                 MCPHERSON (O.S.)
                        You’re speaking to him!  And you’re 
                        running out of time!
           A THUNDERCLAP explodes overhead.  Lilly flinches, scared to 
           death.  And then, RIFLE FIRE sounds off from a short distance -- 
           IMPACT.  The planks over the windows begin SPLINTERING apart.

           The kerosene lamp EXPLODES.  She balls up.  Bullets WHIZ past.  
           Feathers are adrift everywhere from the shredded pillows.  She 
           looks down at her bare feet -- shattered glass accumulates -- 
           and then the RIFLE FIRE ceases.            

           Lilly peaks over the bullet-riddled dresser.  Burning kerosene 
           is spreading across the floor in every direction.  She looks 
           around the room, contemplating and then she sees it, the wash 
           basin clear across several feet of shattered glass.       

           She rips out a dresser drawer, flips it over, and crawls on top, 
           avoiding the mangling chards.  RIFLE FIRE sounds off again -- 
           more BULLETS reek havoc.  She reaches the basin.  Smoke fills 
           the room, burning her eyes.  She douses the flames with water. 

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - CONTINUOUS

           McPherson reloads.  The house is shot up bad.  The porch 
           overhang BREAKS loose and collapses onto the front steps.  Black 
           smoke trickles out between the cracks upstairs.  McPherson takes 
           aim, assessing the situation.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Go on, Ray.  

                                 RAY GARDNER
                        Ain’t it Old Bob’s turn?

                                 OLD BOB
                        No Ray, it’s your turn, it’s always 
                        your turn because going in first is 
                        what you do.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Ray, move.

           Ray glares at Old Bob and then dismounts.  We follow him into 
           the swaying crops that separates them from the house.  He moves 
           slowly, carefully through the foot of mud, emerging from the 
           swaying stocks into the treacherous wide open.  

           CRACK!  Ray clutches his chest.  His legs give out.  He 
           collapses beside his fallen rifle.  CRACK!  Another shot WHIZZES 
           past Old Bob, spooking his horse something fierce.  She bucks 
           wildly, tossing him.  
           McPherson, Big Dane, Carter, and Handsome Jesse all return FIRE, 
           retreating towards the cluster of trees behind them.  Old Bob 
           picks himself up off the ground and follows them to safety.      

           INSIDE.

           Lilly FIRES one more shot through a hole in the bedroom wall and 
           then picks herself up, leaving the empty rifle behind, taking up 
           the two shotguns, hustling out of the bedroom just as another 
           volley of BULLETS come tearing through the walls.

           OUTSIDE.

           McPherson and his Deputies UNLOAD.  After a moment, McPherson 
           stops shooting and Big Dane, Carter, Old Bob, and Handsome Jesse 
           all follow suit.  They each take a moment to digest the fact 
           that one of their own is lying dead in the mud a few yards away.

                                 BIG DANE
                        How many we dealing with?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Impossible to be certain.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        I’ll ride back and get the others.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Not yet.

           McPherson turns his attention to Jasper who is sitting on the 
           back of Smokey with his hands bound behind his back and a noose 
           fastened snugly around his neck.

                                 JASPER
                             (on the verge of tears)
                        Please, I don’t want any money, I 
                        just want to go home to my family.

           McPherson responds by jerking Smokey’s reins, leading Jasper 
           away from the trees towards the wide open.

           INSIDE.

           Lilly vaults down the staircase -- into the dining room -- 
           finding cover beneath the dinner table.    
                                 MCPHERSON (O.S.)
                        Doctor and Misses Cole!  Since you 
                        hold no value on your own lives, I 
                        have no alternative but to put the 
                        life of someone else on the line!               

           OUTSIDE.

           McPherson is standing beside Smokey with Jasper, set to be 
           hanged, looking on in tears.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        You now have thirty seconds to 
                        surrender or this man will hang!
                             (to Jasper)
                        That’s the jury in there.  Plead.

                                 JASPER
                        Please, I don’t want to die!  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Concise, to the point.  Let’s wait 
                        for the verdict.  Twenty seconds!

           We HONE IN on the house -- TRAVELLING past Ray’s body -- over 
           the debris of the porch -- finally arriving at the --

           FRONT DOOR.

           Lilly steps into daylight behind the barrels of her sawed-off, 
           assessing the situation.  McPherson motions to his Deputies.  
           They keep their rifles aimed.

                                 JASPER
                        Misses Cole, thank God! 

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Put it down!

                                 LILLY
                        What kind of sheriff threatens an 
                        innocent man with hanging?

                                 MCPHERSON
                        What kind of woman shoots down a 
                        Sheriff Deputy serving an arrest 
                        warrant?  What kind of doctor robs 
                        and murders the elderly?  
                             (points to Jasper)
                        This man?  Innocent?  Hardly.  You 
                        have five seconds to lower your 
                        weapon or he and you will die.
                                 LILLY
                        This is all some kind of terrible 
                        misunderstanding.  My husband saves 
                        lives, he doesn’t take them.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Three ... two ... one. 

           McPherson raises his open palm inches from Smokey’s hide.

           Lilly tosses the shotgun aside.  McPherson holds his position, 
           signaling Big Dane, Carter, and Handsome Jesse to move in.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Where’s the doctor?  He better not 
                        be waiting someplace in there ready 
                        to take a shot at us!

                                 LILLY
                        He’s not here you stupid son of a 
                        bitch!

           McPherson whispers to Old Bob.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Anyone opens fire from that house I 
                        want you to drop this murdering 
                        whore without hesitation.  

                                 OLD BOB
                        Yes sir.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Get moving.

           Old Bob moves out.  McPherson returns his attention to Lilly. 

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Walk slowly towards my deputies!  

           Big Dane and Handsome Jesse close in on Lilly.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Reach for the sky Goddamn it!

                                 BIG DANE
                        On your knees!

           Handsome Jesse kicks Lilly square in the back, she goes down 
           stunned, face first in the dirt.  Big Dane gets on top of her, 
           binding her wrists with barbed wire.  Lilly grits her teeth, 
           suppressing the pain as the razor edges tear into her flesh.
                                 MCPHERSON
                        Inside!

                                 LILLY
                        You said you’d let him go!

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Of course I did.

           McPherson SLAPS Smokey’s hide.  Jasper’s weight shifts as the 
           horse goes out from under him and the noose CRACKS!  

                                 LILLY
                        Jasper!

           Jasper twists from the rope, legs kicking in the wind, urine 
           darkening his trousers.  Handsome Jesse and Big Dane struggle 
           with Lilly, using all their combined strength to drag her away.

           EXT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE - BLACK SPARROW - AFTERNOON 

           Establishing.  Horses drink from the trough.  TALL PAUL stands 
           watch out front.  Something he sees in the distance draws him 
           down from the front steps.  

           INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE - BLACK SPARROW - CONTINUOUS

           Uncle Bones is mopping blood off the floor.  Terry’s body lies 
           covered up in the cell next to Tucker.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        You’ve come a long way for nothing 
                        old boy.  We got him first.  That 
                        means none of you greedy sons of 
                        bitches see one red cent.

           Tucker stays silent, surveying his surroundings.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        Don’t worry, Sheriff will be back 
                        to hang, I mean, release you soon.
                             (laughs)
                        He hates bounty hunters something 
                        fierce but that’s nothing personal.

           Tall Paul bursts through the door.

                                 TALL PAUL
                        We got trouble!

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        What kind?
                                 TALL PAUL
                        Someone set a damn fire in the 
                        hotel!  Fat Mike and Ted Cooper are 
                        trapped in there!  Come on!

           Uncle Bones and Tall Paul rush out the door.  Tucker steps up to 
           the bars.  His eyes focus on the set of keys left behind.  The 
           front door slowly opens.  Fists pokes his head inside, smiling.

                                 TUCKER
                        Your pipe catch fire?  

                                 FISTS
                        We must hurry.  

                                 TUCKER
                             (pointing to the keys)
                        Over there!

           Fists takes up the keys, hurrying across the room.

                                 FISTS
                        Our horses are out back.  At least 
                        I think she’s yours.  What’s with 
                        that horse William Tucker?

                                 TUCKER
                        It was a surprise for you, kid.  
                        I’ll need to borrow yours though.  
                        I got to be somewhere fast.

           Fists opens the cell door.  Tucker crosses the room, collecting 
           his weapons, his affects and his hat.  

                                 FISTS
                        Where do you want me?  And don’t 
                        say out of town.

                                 TUCKER
                        Out of town but stay close ... just 
                        like Thunder Canyon, understand?

           Fists nods.  Tucker makes for the door.

                                 FISTS
                        How will I know when to return?

                                 TUCKER
                        When all hell breaks loose.

           And with that, he disappears.
           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW - MOMENTS LATER 

           Tucker gallops away on a majestic Black Horse while Fists 
           struggles to keep the Old Nag upright, travelling away from Main 
           Street in the opposite direction.

                                                       CUT TO:

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON 

           Establishing.  The bellowing storm overhead can not drown out 
           the horrible SOUND of Lilly’s STRUGGLE inside.  

           INT. COLE HOUSE - VARIOUS - CONTINUOUS

           We travel from room to darkened room -- signs of a more recent 
           struggle are evident -- blood stained shreds of familiar 
           clothing are draped over broken furniture limbs.    

           THE BEDROOM.  Lilly lies on the floor, a bloody mess.  
           McPherson, Big Dane, Handsome Jesse, Dirty Bill, Ugly Joe, and 
           Old Bob are looking down upon her, surrounding her in a 
           claustrophobic circle.  

                                 DIRTY BILL
                        I wonder if her husband would go 
                        through this kind of hell for her?  

                                 BIG DANE
                        She doesn’t know anything.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I’m still not convinced.

           Handsome Jesse teases the edge of his serrated blade.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Her pretty face is about to go away 
                        forever if she don’t start singing.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                             (bending down)
                        Do you hear that?  Do not force me 
                        to turn you over to their animal 
                        instincts.  This can all be over 
                        with.  Quickly, humanely. 

                                 LILLY
                             (struggling to speak)
                        My husband didn’t do those things. 
                        He’s a good man.    
           McPherson SLAMS her face into the ground and stands up.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        It seems this woman’s calling you a 
                        liar, Jesse.

           Handsome Jesse bends down beside Lilly, wiping away the blood 
           from her streaming mouth and nostrils with his GREEN BANDANA. 

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        You calling me a liar, girl?  

                                 LILLY
                        If you say you was there?  You’re 
                        Goddamn right I am.  

           Handsome Jesse grabs a handful of hair, pulling her close.  
           McPherson studies him closely, something’s not right.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        I seen him do it.  Ambushed me and 
                        my boys.  Shot them poor old folks 
                        to bits.  He had what he came for.  
                        He didn’t have to kill them but he 
                        did.  I’d of been lying dead right 
                        beside them if it wasn’t for the 
                        grace of our good Lord.

           McPherson catches it.  Right then and there, he knows Handsome 
           Jesse’s been lying about the entire account.  He stifles any 
           sign of emotion for the moment.  Handsome Jesse glares at Lilly 
           with lascivious intent.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Fact is you killed a lawmen today 
                        Mrs. Cole.  And for that you will 
                        suffer.  What I’m about to let 
                        happen to you might be considered 
                        an evil deed but let me assure you 
                        ... one evil deed begets another 
                        ... and I always make certain I 
                        commit the last one.

           Lilly looks around the room, realizing her fate is sealed.

                                 LILLY
                        Some day, when it all goes terribly 
                        wrong for you, and you wonder why, 
                        you will remember this day.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Perhaps.  
           McPherson retreats into the shadows as the group moves in. 

           Lilly lunges forward, grabbing a heavy stick of furniture -- 
           with every last ounce of strength she has to muster -- she 
           SMASHES it into Ugly Joe’s face -- bouncing him off the wall.

           The Deputies soon gain control -- getting a hold of her -- tying 
           her hands and feet to the bed posts as McPherson exits.

           THE HALLWAY.  McPherson stands at the top of the staircase.  He 
           pulls a handkerchief, roughly wiping the blood from his hands.  
           In the background, through the crack in the door we SEE glimpses 
           of Lilly and HEAR her THRASHING and SCREAMING.  

           McPherson looks back solemnly.  The look in his eyes spell out 
           confusion and conflict.  He moves down the stairs and out the 
           front door.  

           We TRAVEL down the hallway -- away from the bedroom door -- 
           towards the windows -- past the bullet shredded curtains -- 
           travelling smoothly --

           OUTSIDE

           -- moving out into the freezing afternoon.  Ominous THUNDERHEADS 
           rumble across the bleak, winter sky.

                                                       CUT TO:

           EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON 

           The same ominous THUNDERHEADS.  Tucker rides like hell across 
           the open plains, halting atop the grassy hill overlooking the 
           Cole Homestead.  

           Thick black smoke and red hot embers spew from the BURNING barn.  
           The house hasn’t yet caught fire.  The surrounding landscape 
           burns sporadically with flying embers.

           Tucker kicks the horse into a furious GALLOP down the hill -- 
           between the trees -- riding through the crop fields -- all the 
           way up to the FRONT DOOR.  He dismounts before the horse can 
           even stop and charges into the house.  

           INT. COLE HOUSE - VARIOUS - CONTINUOUS

           Tucker bursts through the door with his rifle.

                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly!
           No answer.  He races upstairs -- down the cluttered hallway -- 
           into the BEDROOM where he stops cold.

                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly!

           What he sees in front of him causes his legs to give out. 

           Daylight beams through the bullet holes in the walls, casting an 
           eerie glow upon the bed -- bloody sheets are draped over the 
           LUMP lying on the mattress -- bare hands and feet exposed, bound 
           to the bed posts.  Scrawled in more blood, arcing across the 
           wall behind the bed is the word: MURDERERS.        

           Tucker staggers to his feet, repressing the simultaneous 
           feelings of rage and guilt baring down upon him, approaching the 
           bedside, not wanting to look, turning his head away, his hand 
           reaching for the top of the bed sheet.  He peels it back.

                                 TUCKER
                        Oh God.

           He searches the room, finds a chard of broken glass, and begins 
           cutting her hands and feet loose from the bed posts.  She’s not 
           moving.  He puts his head on her chest, listening.  He covers 
           her with a blanket from the floor and takes her hand.  

                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly, can you hear me?  I need you 
                        to wake up.  Lilly?

           Lilly lies there, barely recognizable from the beating, looking 
           convincingly dead until her eyes blink open.  She tries to focus 
           on him, in the throws of delirium, barely able to utter:

                                 LILLY
                        Henry?  

           Tucker tenderly brushes her cheek.

                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly, it’s William.  

                                 LILLY
                        It’s cold in here.

                                 TUCKER
                        You got to hold on, please, don’t 
                        go to sleep, stay with me, alright? 

           He looks around the room, unsure of what to do next.
                                 TUCKER
                        Lilly, I’m coming right back. 

                                 LILLY
                        Where are you going?

                                 TUCKER
                        We need medical supplies.  They’re 
                        downstairs, right?     

                                 LILLY
                        Don’t leave me.

                                 TUCKER
                        Don’t close your eyes.  Promise me.

           Tucker turns to face the door, frozen by the sight of --

           HENRY, standing in the doorway holding onto his rifle, paralyzed 
           by confusion and horrified disbelief.

                                 TUCKER
                        Henry?

           Henry instinctively snaps to, COCKING the hammer back, lining up 
           his sights, stepping into the room.

                                 HENRY
                        Get away from her!  

           Tucker moves away from the bed slowly with his hands up.  Henry 
           passes him, closing in on Lilly, realizing the severity of her 
           condition, chilled to the bone by what he sees. 

                                 HENRY
                        William, my God, what have you done 
                        to my wife?

                                 TUCKER 
                        Henry, I didn’t do this.

                                 HENRY
                        Lilly?  Sweetheart?  Talk to me.

                                 LILLY
                        I won’t sleep.  I’m not dreaming.

           Henry looks to Tucker with daggers in his eyes.

                                 TUCKER
                        I’m guilty of a lot of bad things 
                        but I would never do this to her.
                                 HENRY
                        I ought to kill you right now.

                                 TUCKER
                        Then do it!  Shoot me where I stand 
                        but do it fast because right now 
                        she needs your help!

           The two men stare each other down.  Henry edges closer and 
           closer to Lilly.  Tucker stays put.

                                 HENRY
                        Don’t you make any sudden moves.  
                        You’ve been warned.  You got that?

                                 TUCKER
                        Just go easy, I won’t do nothing.

           Henry lowers his rifle, setting it aside, moving to his wife’s 
           bedside.  She turns her head to look at him.  A slight smile 
           spreads across her face.  He fights to keep his emotions in 
           check.  His trembling hand takes hers.     

                                 HENRY
                        Oh God ... what happened ... who 
                        did this to you?

           Henry wipes away his tears, realizing that he must let the 
           doctor inside take over for now, snapping to, checking her 
           pulse, touching her forehead. 

                                 HENRY
                        How long?

                                 TUCKER
                        Sometime today.  This afternoon.

           Henry braces himself -- and then peels back the sheets -- 
           looking her over with heartbroken eyes.  He just stares for a 
           long, sad moment -- and then secures the sheet and blanket back 
           in place.  His voice begins to crack as he speaks.

                                 HENRY
                        We need more blankets to keep her 
                        comfortable.  Hot water.  Sponges.        

                                 TUCKER
                        Where do I go?  

                                 HENRY
                        I don’t know, just find them!  Give 
                        me a minute alone with my wife!
                                 TUCKER
                        Alright, Henry.

           THE HALLWAY.  Tucker makes his way to the staircase but stops 
           just shy of taking the first step, instead looking back 
           sorrowfully towards the bedroom door.    

           THE BEDROOM.  Henry weeps quietly beside Lilly, hands clasped in 
           prayer, speaking to her as she drifts in and out of 
           consciousness.

                                 HENRY
                        You have to hang on.  I can’t 
                        imagine this world alone without 
                        you.  There are so many things we 
                        have left to do, so much life left 
                        to live.  The family we’ll have 
                        some day.  Oh God.  How could this 
                        happen?  Please don’t take her.  
                        Don’t take her I’m begging you.  

           He takes her hand, burying his face in the pillow beside her.

                                                       FADE TO:

           EXT. TENNESSEE MOUNTAINS - NIGHT

           A beautiful sky full of stars.  A jubilant FIDDLE joined by a 
           BANJO -- two grinning Musicians finding their rhythm -- Men and 
           Women wearing their best clothes are dancing, celebrating the 
           eve of a new year.  

           Walking among them hand and hand are Tucker and Lilly.  Henry 
           keeps pace behind them, tagging along.  They are younger.  
           Tucker is clean cut.  Henry still has both of his eyes.  Lilly 
           is radiant, full of life.  

           They’re laughing and having a good time.  

                                 HENRY
                        What's the hurry you two?

                                 LILLY
                        We need something to toast with.

                                 TUCKER
                        Be right back.

           Tucker staggers off towards the booze wagon.  Henry and Lilly 
           stay back, a bit awkward in each other's presence, waiting.
                                 LILLY
                        Henry Cole we need to find you a 
                        woman in the next five minutes.

                                 HENRY
                        How come?

                                 LILLY
                        Don't you want someone to kiss at 
                        midnight?

                                 HENRY
                        Awe, it's alright, wouldn't be the 
                        first year I rang in alone.

                                 LILLY
                        Don't you ever want to find 
                        someone?  Don't you get lonely?

                                 HENRY
                        Sometimes.  It's just that I'm real 
                        busy with my studies and all.

                                 LILLY
                        Well then, you're going to be one 
                        hell of catch for some lucky girl 
                        out there one day.

                                 HENRY
                        Thank you Lilly that means a lot.  
                        William's a real lucky man to have 
                        found someone like you.  

           Lilly smiles.  Henry is embarrassed.  Tucker arrives with the 
           drinks.  Everyone takes a glass.  Tucker salutes.    

                                 TUCKER
                        Here’s to you, here’s to me, may we 
                        never disagree but if we do, to 
                        hell with you, here’s to me!
                             (laughing)
                        To my very best friends in the 
                        whole wide world.  I love you both.

                                 HENRY
                        Thanks pal.

                                 LILLY
                        Quite the wordsmith William Tucker.

           Cheers.  Tucker goes to drink.  Someone KNOCKS into him sending 
           his glass falling to the ground where it SHATTERS.
                                 TUCKER
                        Hey Goddamn it!

           He looks up, way up at the BIG MAN whose arm he's now squeezing 
           onto, not backing down in the slightest.    

                                 BIG MAN
                        Sorry partner.  Happy New Year.

           Tucker doesn't let go.  Big Man knows by the look in Tucker's 
           eyes, there's going to be a fight.

                                 BIG MAN (CONT’D)
                        Better call off your friend here 
                        before he gets hurt.

           Tucker swings, CONNECTING with Big Man’s chin.  Big Man absorbs 
           the hit -- shoves Tucker off balance, sending him to the ground, 
           almost taking out Lilly.  Henry jumps in the middle.

                                 HENRY
                        Whoa!  Gentlemen!  William, come 
                        on, it was an accident.  Sir, I 
                        apologize for my friend, he means 
                        no harm.

                                 TUCKER
                        Hell I don’t!

           Lilly grabs Tucker by the shirt collar.

                                 LILLY
                        William you're out of line!

                                 TUCKER
                        He bumped into me!

                                 LILLY
                        And he apologized!

                                 TUCKER
                        That ain't good enough!

           She shakes her head, looking at him with disappointment.      
           Tucker turns his back on her.  Henry is making peace, walking 
           Big Man away.  Tucker turns around.  Lilly is gone.  His moment 
           of realization has come, he's wrong and he knows it.

           MOMENTS LATER.  

           Lilly sits away from the action, alone with her drink.  Henry 
           approaches and sits down beside her. 
                                 LILLY
                        Don't try to defend him Henry.

                                 HENRY
                        William's always had a hot temper.  
                        It doesn't make him a bad man.

                                 LILLY
                        It’s getting stale and if he don’t 
                        watch out it’s going to get him 
                        killed.  Then what do I do? 

                                 HENRY
                        It doesn't change the way he feels 
                        about you.

           Tucker pokes his head out from a nearby tree.  Henry sees him 
           and nods, they're working together to win her back.

                                 HENRY
                        It's difficult for him to show his 
                        emotions ... for instance, has he 
                        ever told you what he thinks about 
                        your eyes? 

           Lilly turns, defensive but curious.  Tucker strains to lip read.

                                 HENRY
                        They crush him every time the sun 
                        hits them or a candle flickers 
                        inside.  It’s when ... he says it’s  
                        when he can see your soul.  And 
                        it’s beautiful.  

           FIRECRACKERS EXPLODE above.  GUNSHOTS ring out.  

           Lilly stares into Henry’s eyes, searching for the truth and 
           finding it.  She leans toward him.  

                                 LILLY
                        Happy New Year.

                                 HENRY
                        Happy New Year.

                                 TUCKER (O.S.)
                        Happy New Year!

           Tucker plops down between them. 

                                                       CUT TO:
           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT 

           The house is dark save for upstairs.  Fire has reduced the barn 
           down to its frame, most of the flames are flickering out as the 
           cold wind HOWLS across the landscape.  THUNDERHEADS rumble 
           overhead, reminding those below of Mother Nature’s presence. 

           INT. BEDROOM - COLE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The room is aglow with peaceful candlelight and a bit of 
           moonlight shining through the tiny bullet holes in the walls.  

           Lilly lies on the bed, washed clean, resting as comfortably as 
           possible between clean blankets and sheets.  Henry and Tucker 
           sit on either side of her, keeping vigil.  

           The long SILENCE is broken as Tucker asks softly:

                                 TUCKER
                        Is she going to make it?

                                 HENRY
                        You’d better hope she does.

                                 TUCKER
                        Henry with God as my witness I ...

                                 HENRY
                        Save it William.  Not even someone 
                        like you is capable of something 
                        this heartless.  Who did this?  
                        What happened?  Where were you?  

                                 TUCKER
                        I woke to her gone this morning,  
                        thought she run off to find you.  I 
                        had too much to drink and ...     

                                 HENRY
                        What were you doing here in the 
                        first place, in my home, having a 
                        drink with my wife?

           Lilly’s eyes open slightly.  Neither man notices.  Tucker wrings 
           his hands together, searching for the words.

                                 HENRY
                        Answer me!

                                 TUCKER
                        Henry I wish I could tell you my 
                        intentions was pure.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 TUCKER (cont'd)
                        I wish I could say I came out here 
                        to help you two but I didn’t.  

                                 HENRY
                        How did you find us?

                                 TUCKER
                        Finding people’s what I do, been 
                        chasing after you two for a long 
                        time now, ever since Tennessee.  

                                 HENRY
                        Yeah?  What took you so long?

                                 TUCKER
                        It’s a big country.  Lots of other 
                        folks needed locating.  Then, last 
                        week I stumbled across your 
                        likeness on that wanted poster. 

                                 HENRY
                        What were you planning to do once 
                        you caught up to me?  Turn me in, 
                        cash in some measly reward?

           Tucker takes a long breath.  No more deceit.

                                 TUCKER
                        I came here to kill you Henry, for 
                        the wrong you done me.

           Henry glares at Tucker, sizing him up. 

                                 HENRY
                        You haven’t changed at all.  Still 
                        that same selfish, bitter drunk.  

                                 TUCKER
                        She was the love of my life.  The 
                        only happiness I ever had.  
                             (leaning toward him)
                        I should of taken both your eyes.  
                        You got off easy.  You were my best 
                        friend.  So damn right I’m bitter.  
                        On both accounts.  Damn right.

                                 HENRY
                        You just couldn’t let us live in 
                        peace could you?  It was either me 
                        or her but one of us had to die, 
                        isn’t that right William?   
           Tucker YANKS his COLT.  Henry matches with his RIFLE.  Both men 
           COCK back the hammers simultaneously -- both livid, it takes 
           everything for each of them not to squeeze the trigger.

                                 TUCKER
                        You listen here you son of a bitch, 
                        no matter what’s between you and 
                        me, let it be known, I would have 
                        died protecting her from this.  

                                 HENRY
                        But you didn’t.

                                 TUCKER
                        Neither did you Henry ... we’re 
                        both damned.

           Henry and Tucker stare each other down.  Neither man gives an 
           inch but this is not the time nor the place.  Stalemate, until --

                                 HENRY
                        We’ll settle all matters between 
                        you and I soon enough.     

                                 TUCKER
                        I’m counting on it.

           Both men slowly lower their firearms.  

           INT. COLE HOUSE - BEDROOM - LATER

           The melting candles indicate the passing of several hours.  
           Henry is praying beside Lilly as she sleeps.  Tucker sits 
           quietly in a chair on the other side of the bed.    

           AND THEN LATER.  The candles now flicker down to their bases.  A 
           kerosene lantern burns near the window, providing minimal light.  

           Tucker keeps watch by the window.  Henry blots away the sweat 
           from Lilly’s delirious brow with great tenderness.  She’s 
           breathing in short and shallow bursts, his expression telling us 
           that the end is near.  

           Lilly reaches out to Henry which catches him by surprise.  He 
           takes her hand, his voice cracking with sorrowful emotion:

                                 HENRY
                        Lilly, can you hear me?

           She nods.  Tucker moves to the bed.
                                 HENRY
                        Are you in pain?

           She shakes her head “no” -- reaching out to Tucker.  He looks to 
           Henry and then gently takes her hand.  She draws each of their 
           hands closer to her chest, until they finally rest upon her 
           body.  She holds onto both of them firmly.  Their eyes meet, 
           each man wondering whether or not to pull away but -- they do 
           not.  All three of them stay connected in the embrace.

                                 HENRY
                        We’re here Lilly.

           She looks at each man and smiles -- first Tucker -- then Henry --  
           and then she lies back in the pillow and closes her eyes. 

                                 TUCKER
                        Hold on Lilly.

                                 HENRY
                        Stay with us.

           She clutches her grip down tight on both of them, squeezing with 
           every last bit of strength she has.  

           Then, the kerosene lantern on the window ledge flickers out, 
           leaving the scene in darkness.

                                                       FADE TO:

           EXT. COLE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Tucker stands beneath what’s left of the porch, gazing across 
           the darkened landscape.  His warm breath clashes against the 
           freezing air in clouded bursts.  

           He pulls his liquor canteen, bringing it to his mouth and then 
           stops, staring at it.  He hurls it into the crop fields.  Tears 
           begin streaming down his cheeks, disappearing into his beard.  

           The door CREAKS open and out steps Henry.  His stoic countenance 
           contrasts with Tucker’s who collects himself quickly.  Each man 
           quietly acknowledges the other man’s presence and they stand 
           there in SILENCE for a long moment.

                                 TUCKER
                        We both know what has to be done.

           Henry looks out to the distant mountains.  He nods.

                                 HENRY
                        Kill them all.   
                                 TUCKER
                        You prepared to put a man into the 
                        ground without so much as looking 
                        into his eyes?  

                                 HENRY
                        Goddamn straight I am.  

                                 TUCKER
                        Good because the bastards who did 
                        this are ruthless.   

                                 HENRY
                        McPherson?

                                 TUCKER
                        Indians believe he’s immortal, 
                        spawned from great evil, they call 
                        him Wanagi Lu-ta, the White Ghost.    

                                 HENRY
                        Do you really believe that?

           Tucker turns to Henry, the answer is written on his face.

                                 TUCKER
                        Years back, I had contracts in the 
                        Northern Territory.  I traded with 
                        a Blackfoot tribe near the 
                        frontier.  They were my friends 
                        until a crazy band of scalp hunters 
                        came in and wiped them all out.  
                        McPherson was their leader.  

                                                       SMASH CUT TO:

           EXT. INDIAN CAMP - HIGH MOUNTAINS - DAWN

           Tucker fires -- BANG!  The Pale Scalper/McPherson goes DOWN, 
           almost disappearing into the snow.  

           Tucker kneels, wiping away the snow from McPherson’s bearded 
           face -- his eyes are open -- he’s not breathing -- blood seeps 
           out from the gunshot wound just below his hairline.  

                                 TUCKER  (V.O.)
                        He was more dead than I’d ever seen 
                        a man, no question in my mind.

           Tucker backs off, making his way to Fists.  Fists runs to him, 
           clutching on and not letting go.  Tucker holds him tight, 
           scanning the area for any last survivors.
           We PULL UP and over them.  Dead bodies are strewn all around as 
           far as we can see.  Tucker and Fists are the only souls alive.

                                                       BACK TO:

           EXT. COLE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Henry stares out into the night.  Tucker approaches him.

                                 TUCKER
                        Do I believe the myth?  Is 
                        McPherson a ghost?  No, I think 
                        he’s the Devil himself.

                                 HENRY
                        Then let’s send him home.

           Henry turns to Tucker.  The night sky behind him turns white, 
           the first snow of winter comes dumping down.

                                                       CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET - BLACK SPARROW - DAWN

           Establishing.  The town is blanketed snow.  Exquisite, silent, 
           hypnotic snow flurries dance against the slate grey sky.

           EXT. MUNICIPAL BUILDING - ROOFTOP - DAWN

           Tall Paul watches the entrance of town through the site of his 
           rifle from above.     

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - CONTINUOUS

           A spirited scene of debauchery that’s lasted through the night.  
           MUSICIANS play an IRISH JIG at full tilt while drunken WOMEN 
           dance atop the tables much to the delight of the drunken MEN.  
           The Bartender has his hands full serving the rowdy bunch.  

           McPherson keeps a watchful eye on the front door from a table 
           near the back.  He’s flanked by Reverend Carter and Handsome 
           Jesse, sitting there, suffering through a throbbing headache.  
           It seems everyone is enjoying themselves but him.  

           Handsome Jesse notices, shouting over the noise:  

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Come on Patty, turn that frown 
                        upside down brother!  

           Handsome Jesse reaches for the whiskey. 
                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Here, this will help ...

           McPherson grabs Handsome Jesse by the hand, never addressing him 
           with his eyes, staring off into the distance.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        You will address me as Sheriff. 

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Ah, don’t be like that Patty.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        And you are not my brother.  My 
                        brother is dead.  As you well know.  
                        Do we understand each other?

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Sheriff, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean 
                        any offense.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Do you really understand what it 
                        means to be a lawman Jesse?

           McPherson tightens his grip.  Old Bob and Big Dane turn their 
           attention towards the heated conversation.

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                             (drunk and confused)
                        I don’t get your meaning.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        It’s very simple.  Lawmen are 
                        unique in that we are cut from a 
                        finer cloth, not many of our ilk in 
                        comparison to the rest.  That is 
                        why lawmen must trust in each 
                        other.  Lawmen must remain 
                        impervious to greed and corruption.  
                        The oaths we as lawmen have sworn 
                        to uphold must be our religion.  So 
                        I’ll ask you again Jesse... are you 
                        a man of the law?

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Of course I am.

           Handsome Jesse tries to free himself from McPherson’s grip but 
           it only gets painfully tighter.
                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Come on Sheriff.  Maybe we all had 
                        a little too much to drink.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Part of that oath is to faithfully 
                        ensure the trust and safety of the 
                        people we are tasked to protect.  
                        Much like those poor souls you 
                        watched die alongside my brother.  

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Please, I think you’re mistaken.

           Reverend Carter grabs Handsome Jesse’s other hand.  He struggles 
           but to no avail.  McPherson finally looks at Handsome Jesse with 
           the eyes of a lunatic.  

                                 MCPHERSON
                        For far too long I have denied an 
                        awful truth to myself about my 
                        brother and certain of his minions.  
                        This afternoon, when the good 
                        doctor’s wife called you out and 
                        the truth was written all over your 
                        pathetic face, I could no longer 
                        ignore what I feared must be true.  

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        I don’t know what you’re talking 
                        about Sheriff!

           EXT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - DAWN

           Henry Cole and William Tucker stand across the street.  They’re 
           both armed to the teeth, dusters buttoned up to the chin, hats 
           pulled down.  They share a quiet exchange -- and then they walk.

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - CONTINUOUS

           McPherson pulls his coat aside, exposing his sidearm.  Reverend 
           Carter continues to restrain Handsome Jesse.  Big Dane and Old 
           Bob are hanging on their every word.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Every man should have one last 
                        opportunity in his lifetime to 
                        truly purge himself of his wrong 
                        doings.  I am certain that this 
                        time has come for you now Jesse. 
           AT THE ENTRANCE.  The door opens.  Tucker enters first.  Henry 
           follows.  Nobody seems to notice.  Henry spots Ugly Joe clapping 
           along with the band, rifle at his side.  Tucker is already 
           walking towards him. 

           MCPHERSON AND HANDSOME JESSE

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Sheriff please ... we was ambushed!  
                        God as my witness!

           TUCKER walks up on Ugly Joe, out from underneath his coat comes 
           the shotgun.  Ugly Joe looks up to see the famed bounty hunter 
           behind the barrels hovering inches away from his face. 

                                 UGLY JOE
                        Oh Jesus God.

           MCPHERSON draws steel, pressing it under Handsome Jesse’s chin.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Then he shall witness this you 
                        lying son of a bitch!

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Wait!

           TUCKER presses the shotgun against Ugly Joe’s face and pulls the 
           trigger -- KABOOM!  The MUSIC stops.

           MCPHERSON redirects his steel.  Pistols CLICK around the room.  
           Handsome Jesse sneaks away in the confusion.  Anyone without a 
           weapon makes for the back.  The Bartender hunkers down.  All 
           eyes shift to the front door.

           TUCKER stands there holding the smoking shotgun.  Ugly Joe’s 
           headless body topples out of the chair onto the floor.  An odd 
           moment of confusion -- no one is quite sure what to do -- and 
           then a woman SCREAMS!  A match to a flame.  

           The scene EXPLODES, everything happening in split seconds.  

           Fat Mike opens FIRE from the second floor.  Tucker unleashes two 
           FLASHING pistols -- gunning him down -- Fat Mike CRASHES through 
           the railing -- splattering just a few feet away from Henry.  

           Ted Cooper rushes in, levels his ten-gauge shotgun and BLASTS 
           away.  Tucker and Henry scramble.  Henry dives behind a fallen 
           table.  Tucker leaps over the bar.  Henry pops up with his 
           shotgun -- KABOOM!  Ted Cooper’s chest splays open.

           Reverend Carter holds McPherson back.  More BULLETS hit the wall 
           behind them, just missing.
                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        We’ll take them outside!

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Goddamn it!

           In a flashing move, McPherson pivots and then rapid FIRES his 
           pistols -- 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-11-12 times -- forcing Henry and 
           Tucker down for cover.

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        Let’s move!

           Reverend Carter and McPherson dash out the back door with Old 
           Bob and Big Dane in tow.      

           Handsome Jesse has a clear shot at Henry and it takes it -- 
           BANG!  The bullet just misses its mark.  Tucker lays down 
           suppression FIRE from behind the bar as Henry runs for cover.  

           Uncle Bones pops up from behind the piano, UNLOADING at Tucker, 
           forcing him down, narrowly avoiding the volley of BULLETS.  
           Bottles EXPLODE raining broken glass and booze everywhere.  
           Tucker doesn’t flinch, reloading. 

           EXT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - CONTINUOUS

           McPherson and his gang spill out into the street.  Patrons are 
           everywhere, running past like chickens with their heads cut off.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Why didn’t we see them coming?!

                                 REVEREND CARTER
                        There!

           Reverend Carter points to the rooftop.  McPherson looks up.  
           Tall Paul hangs over the ledge, throat slit, a large blade 
           jammed through his back.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Get every man and weapon from the 
                        cache ... now!

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - CONTINUOUS

           Henry pops up from behind his defense and FIRES -- hitting 
           Handsome Jesse twice in the upper body, his pistol tumbles 
           loose.  He DROPS, bleeding bad, looking towards the back door.  

           The Bartender is holed up near Tucker.  He extends his shaky 
           hand, holding out a six shooter.
                                 BARTENDER
                        On the house.

                                 TUCKER
                        Cheers.

           Tucker moves out from behind the bar, maneuvering between the 
           toppled tables and chairs.  Uncle Bones jumps up a few feet away 
           holding the frightened PIANIST at gunpoint.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        Drop them guns or I’ll drop him!

           Tucker doesn’t comply.

                                 UNCLE BONES
                        I’ll blow his ivory tickling brains 
                        out I swear to Christ!

                                 PIANIST
                        Please, do what he says!

           Tucker FIRES -- hitting the Pianist in the leg, he drops.  Uncle 
           Bones is exposed -- Tucker FIRES TWICE -- blowing him away -- 
           his body SLAMS against the piano keys -- DA-DA!  

           The Pianist agonizes on the floor in pain.

                                 PIANIST
                        You shot me in the leg!

                                 TUCKER
                        He was fixing to blow your brains 
                        out, figured you wouldn’t mind.

           Tucker moves out.  The Pianist looks on, confused.

           Henry kicks aside tables and chairs, following Handsome Jesse 
           who is meagerly crawling towards the back door.  Henry catches 
           up, KICKING him in the ribs hard enough to spin him over.  

           Henry looks down on Handsome Jesse who has plugged the hole in 
           his torso with the GREEN BANDANA.  Handsome Jesse looks up with 
           a sly grin on his face, holding his hands out in submission.  

                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        You wouldn’t shoot an unarmed man, 
                        would you slim?  

           Henry glares down at the man he now recognizes, the bastard who 
           started it all.  He extends his pistol, COCKING it back slowly.  
                                 HANDSOME JESSE
                        Please mister, please don’t ...

           BANG!  Blood splatters Henry’s face, never revealing the sight 
           of Handsome Jesse’s grim demise.  Tucker returns to his side, 
           carrying an arm full of recovered weapons.

                                 TUCKER
                        Let’s finish it.

           Henry stands there for a moment and then follows Tucker outside.

           EXT. MAIN STREET - FIRST LIGHT 

           Henry and Tucker make their way out into the middle of the 
           street.  Waiting for them a hundred feet away through the 
           falling snow are McPherson and his six remaining Deputies, 
           fanned out across the road.

                                 TUCKER
                        I guess this is as fair a fight as 
                        we could’ve hoped for.  

           Henry assesses the situation.

                                 HENRY
                        Tucker, no matter what happens, I’m 
                        real glad to have you with me.

                                 TUCKER
                             (looking over)
                        Thanks Henry.  Means a lot.

           McPherson drags his bad leg forward, pulling his long coat back, 
           exposing his weapons.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Well, this is quite a sight!  The 
                        cat and mouse united!    

           Henry and Tucker stand their ground -- as do McPherson and his 
           Deputies -- no one blinks -- all hands gripping steel.   

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Ready to surrender?  

                                 HENRY
                             (he shakes his head)
                        We’re ready to send every last one 
                        of you pigs straight to hell!   
           McPherson grins.  Reverend Carter, Old Bob, Big Dane, Dirty 
           Bill, CURLY RED and MOHAWK JOHN all step forward.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Surrender and I promise you a fair 
                        trial!

           Tucker yanks his Colt and fires -- BANG!  Hitting Reverend 
           Carter square in the forehead -- DROPPING him in the snow beside 
           McPherson from a hundred feet away.  Everyone is stunned -- most 
           of all Henry who looks to Tucker.

                                 HENRY
                        Why didn’t you just shoot 
                        McPherson? 

                                 TUCKER
                        I was trying to.

           McPherson looks at Reverend Carter, his eyes crazed.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Put ‘em down!

           Everyone begins SHOOTING.  Black silhouettes move in and out of 
           smoke screens behind rapid muzzle FLASHES.  The Deputies scatter 
           leaving McPherson alone in the street.  

           Tucker and Henry split up -- running towards the storefronts on 
           opposite sides of the street -- FIRING back the entire time.  

           McPherson, alone, trudges brazenly down the middle of the 
           street, taking SHOTS at Tucker and Henry who are both busy 
           fighting off the approaching Deputies.  He gets off a lucky shot 
           that PINGS off the wall and HITS Tucker in the forearm.  

           Tucker looses his piece and goes down after it.  BANG!  BANG! 
           BANG!  The pistol FIRE is relentless, bullets spraying snow high 
           into the air.  Tucker can’t find the Colt so he rips the shotgun 
           off his back and goes for broke.   

           KABOOM!  Big Dane leaps out of harm’s way -- exposing Old Bob to 
           a massive HIT that bursts open his upper body.  Big Dane returns 
           fire -- BANG!  Tucker falls, disappearing between the buildings.  

           Henry FIRES at McPherson, BANG!  He misses.  McPherson FIRES at 
           Henry -- BANG!  Henry’s legs give out -- he flops backwards onto 
           the porch of a darkened, building.  His shirt goes red but he 
           keeps moving -- finding cover behind a wall of barrels. 

           Big Dane peaks his head down the narrow gap between buildings.  
           He can’t tell whether anyone is hiding in the darkness or not 
           and then, KABOOM!  The massive BLAST knocks him off his feet.
           Tucker emerges from between the buildings.  He bends down and 
           pries Big Dane’s piece from his cold, dead hand.  BANG!  Tucker 
           falls forward, struck hard by a bullet in the back.   

           Mohawk John closes in on him behind two smoking pistols. 

                                 MOHAWK JOHN
                             (aggressive)
                        Go ahead!  Make a move!  Come on 
                        I’m begging you!  Come on!  

           Tucker climbs up the side of the building, his legs and arms 
           still working, realizing that he’s alright but defenseless.  He 
           painfully raises his hands up over his head and surrenders.

                                 TUCKER
                        You got me.

                                 MOHAWK JOHN
                        Yep and I got one more for you.  

           Then -- a horse WHINNIES nearby and suddenly -- THORP!  Mohawk 
           John’s expression goes blank and he drops his pistols, he slowly 
           turns to look behind him, a tomahawk is buried through the back 
           of his skull.  He falls forward, dead.    

           Fists rides up at full speed, shirtless, war painted just like 
           the Old Nag kicking ass beneath him.  His BATTLE CRY echoes 
           throughout Main Street over the sound of the endless GUNFIRE.

           Dirty Bill SHOOTS wildly.  He spots Henry in the distance, 
           taking aim and then hearing POUNDING HOOVES close in.  He spins 
           around -- directly into the path of another flying tomahawk.  
           CRACK!  Fists looks back at his handy work, drawing his bow. 

           Curly Red spots Fists, aims and -- CLICKS EMPTY!  He goes to 
           reload but Fists has him lined up -- THOOP!  An arrow through 
           the chest.  Fists KICKS him to the ground as he blows past.

           Henry trades FIRE with McPherson who is hiding behind a 
           terrified horse tethered to a post.  The horse bucks -- exposing 
           McPherson for the briefest of moments -- BANG!  Henry hits him 
           in the gut -- McPherson tumbles backwards into the snow.

           Henry moves out, collapsing down the front steps -- his head 
           HITTING the frozen ground -- he lays there motionless.  

           Tucker stumbles into the middle of the street.  He tosses his 
           empty rifle aside.  Fists rides circles around him, eyes 
           scanning the rooftops, poised with his trusty bow.  
           McPherson -- eyes wild and bulging -- a bloody hand clutching 
           his wound -- staggering up the street -- bearing down on Tucker 
           and Fists through the smoke and snow.  

           Tucker raises his arms -- giving McPherson a clean shot at him.

                                 TUCKER
                        Come on!

           Fists kicks the Mighty Nag into a heavy gallop -- passing Tucker 
           -- picking up momentum -- lining up his arrow -- SCREAMING a 
           thunderous battle cry.

                                 TUCKER
                        Fists!  No!

           Fists unleashes the ARROW.  McPherson SHOOTS.  Fists falls from 
           his horse -- into the snow, shot and bleeding.  McPherson stands 
           there, looking to the arrow that’s devastated his right shoulder 
           and is still sticking out.   

           Tucker TACKLES McPherson from behind, grabbing the arrow and 
           twisting.  Insanely, the pain somehow energizes McPherson.  He 
           flips Tucker over his shoulder, shoving his face deep into the 
           snow.  Tucker fights back but he’s weakened from injury and 
           struggles to save himself.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        I’ll kill you!  

           Tucker THRASHES -- sinking deeper and losing steam.  McPherson 
           doesn’t relent until he is convinced Tucker is suffocated.

           McPherson rises to his feet -- leaving Tucker behind -- moving 
           past Fists who isn’t moving -- towards Henry who is just coming 
           to consciousness across the street.  

           McPherson stops at Big Dane’s body, retrieving her pistol, 
           checking the chamber -- loaded.  He reaches Henry and takes aim.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        Henry Cole?

           Henry, unarmed and helpless, nods “yes.”

                                 MCPHERSON
                        You killed my brother.

                                 HENRY
                        Yes I did.

           McPherson is put off momentarily by Henry’s curt reply but he 
           quickly regains his composure and raises his pistol.  
           Henry, resigned to his fate, closes his eyes -- BANG!  He 
           flinches but nothing happens to him.  He opens his eyes.  Tucker 
           stands there between him and McPherson, shot in the stomach.    

           Tucker takes a step.  McPherson FIRES another shot.  Tucker 
           doesn’t go down.  McPherson looks at him with disbelief.  Tucker 
           latches onto his coat, whispering into his ear.    

                                 TUCKER
                        Remember me you son of bitch?

           McPherson coldly studies his face.

                                 MCPHERSON
                        No.

           McPherson fires again -- BANG!  Tucker GRUNTS, sliding further 
           down McPherson’s body.  McPherson lines up the kill shot. 

                                 TUCKER
                        What about him? 

           McPherson turns -- and then -- THWACK!  He looks down at the 
           arrowhead protruding from his broken sternum.

           McPherson is stunned.  Fists unleashes another arrow -- CRUNCH!  
           Right through his gaping mouth -- EXPLODING through his skull.  
           He stiffens and then face plants in front of Tucker.

                                 HENRY
                        William!  

           Henry pulls Tucker out of the street.  He checks his pulse.  
           Grave concern furrows his brow.

           INT. WILLARD’S BILLIARDS - MOMENTS LATER 

           Henry and Fists lie Tucker down on his back.  The Bartender 
           moves in with a pale of water and wet cloths.  Henry peels back 
           Tucker’s bloody shirt.  The wounds are serious.  Tucker 
           struggles to breath, trying to keep his eyes open. 

                                 TUCKER
                        Give it to me straight doc?

           Henry shakes his head, unable to hide the truth.  Tucker knows 
           it.  Fists takes his friend’s hand, rocking back and forth, 
           sobbing.  Tears are streaming down Henry’s cheeks as well.  

                                 HENRY
                        You want a drink or something?
                                 TUCKER
                        Think I’m ready to lick that habit 
                        once and for all.

           Tucker tries not to laugh, coughing up blood instead.  He 
           collects and grabs Henry, gesturing to Fists.

                                 TUCKER
                        Watch over him, will you?  

           Henry’s barely able to hold it together.

                                 FISTS
                        You have to fight William Tucker.  
                        It is not your time to go.

                                 TUCKER
                        I’ll do my best kid.

           Tucker draws Henry closer.

                                 TUCKER
                        Doc ... I got one last thing to ask 
                        and ... it ain’t going to be easy.

                                 HENRY
                        I’m listening.

                                 TUCKER
                        Bury me beside her ... if that’s 
                        not too much to ask I’d be obliged.

           Henry looks into his eyes, holding back the flood of emotion.

                                 HENRY
                        William ...

           After a moment, Henry finally nods, unable to speak.  

                                 TUCKER
                        Much obliged doc.

           Fists and Henry hold onto their friend.  

                                                       FADE TO:

           EXT. COLE HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON 

           Establishing.  The land and what remains of the house and barn 
           are blanketed by fresh powder.  A precession of Black Sparrow 
           Townspeople are gathered, waiting to pay their respects. 
           Henry and Fists stand over the final resting place of Lilly Cole 
           and William Tucker; Henry is midway through his sermon.  

                                 HENRY
                        Where there is injury, pardon ... 
                        where there is doubt, faith ... 
                        where there is despair, hope ... 
                        where there is darkness, light ... 
                        and where there is sadness, joy.  
                        Grant that I may not so much seek 
                        to be consoled as to console ... to 
                        be understood as to understand ... 
                        to be loved as to love ... for it 
                        is in giving that we receive, it is 
                        pardoning that we are pardoned, and 
                        it is in dying that we are born to 
                        eternal life. 

           Henry closes his journal, placing a single white flower on 
           Lilly’s grave. 

           Fists steps up.  He pulls a blue feather from his arm band and 
           stands it in the soil above Tucker.  

                                 FISTS
                        A true warrior does not kill to end 
                        life, he kills to preserve it.  You 
                        are a true warrior William Tucker.

           We DRIFT away from the funeral -- upwards into the winter sky -- 
           the storm clouds are finally parting on the horizon -- and 
           shining through them, a single ray of light.

                                                       FADE TO BLACK.

                                 THE END
