                                     R I P P E R

                                         By

                                 Dennis MaGee Fallon

                              Inspired by actual events

          WME 
          Tanya Cohen, Brett Rosen

          BELLEVUE
          John Zaozirny, Zack Zucker
                   "A murder of the most brutal kind was committed
                in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel in the early hours
                   of yesterday morning, but by whom and with what
                      motive is at present a complete mystery."

                               - The London Daily News
                                 September 1st, 1888
           EXT. BANKS OF THE RIVER THAMES - NIGHT

           June 8, 1887

           The LITTLE BOY (6) runs barefoot through raw sewage and mud.   

           No lantern in hand, he dashes into the darkness along the 
           shore, the wind pulling tiny whitecaps from the black water.

           Further down the beach, his FATHER (30s) works the banks, 
           shoreline pulled back for low tide. 

           With a long stick in hand, the Father pokes the filth and 
           muck, looking for lost trinkets, buttons and coins.

           He is a mudlark - working a poor man’s vocation by lantern.

           The little boy comes into shouting range, and the child’s 
           wispy, raw voice cuts the wind -

                                 LITTLE BOY
                        Da! Da! Come quick!

           The Father doesn’t look up, his long pole jabbing the sludge.

                                 LITTLE BOY (CONT'D)
                        Da! The naked ladies - they’re in 
                        the river! Come see!

           The father looks up, finally. The boy waves frantically, 
           turning to run back the way he came.

           Confused, the father yanks his pole free and follows.

           Further up the polluted shoreline, the dim lights of the 
           Rainham Industrial District can barely be seen, most of East 
           London blanketed by clouds. A summer storm is rolling in.

           Finally catching up, the father peers out over the black 
           river, opening the slats on his lantern for a better view. 

                                 FATHER
                        Where these naked ladies at?

                                 LITTLE BOY
                        There. And There. And There.

           He points among the lapping waves to the curve of a naked 
           buttock. The small of a back - feminine and delicate.

           Not more than a stone’s throw from that - a bare bosom, pale 
           on a shoulder bobbing in the black water.

           He holds up his lantern higher - stopping cold.
                                 TOOLE (CONT'D)
                        Queenie! I-I didn’t... she was fine 
                        when we finished last night! I-I’d 
                        never cross you Forty Elephants!

           Without a word, Queenie sits on the bed, feeling for a pulse 
           on the poor girl. Then, she makes the sign of the cross.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You’re lucky I found you before the 
                        constables. Or your wife.

           Queenie’s got a sandpaper voice with milk and honey edges. 

                                 TOOLE
                        Oh, sweet Jesus! My wife!
                             (to himself)
                        We’ve played the game before. She’s 
                        the prisoner, I’m the warden.
                        I remember the absinthe, but...

           Queenie stands, pacing. Our first good look at her -

           A mess of contradictions. Revealing corset, but carries 
           herself like royalty. Expensive boots, costume jewelry. 
           Parisian silk gloves, but a staghandle patch knife tucked 
           into her waist. Gunmetal eyes, fireplace smile. 

           One part Cleopatra, one part Annie Oakley. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        I’m afraid you’ve got problems, 
                        Albert. Your wife and children will 
                        be back from the cottage soon. 

                                 TOOLE
                        Oh, Mary! The girls! Help me!

                                 QUEENIE
                        There’s simply no time. There’s 
                        removal, disposal, cover up...

           Toole RUSHES out of the bedroom, into -

           INT. POSH STUDY 

           Toole stumbles to a huge, Whitfield firebox SAFE. His bloody 
           hands SLIP against the dial as he turns it. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        I think the police would be the 
                        prudent call to make.
                                 TOOLE
                        No! No Scotland Yard!

           He FLINGS open the huge door and grabs a handful of money and 
           slams the safe shut, spinning the lockwheel.

           INT. BEDROOM 

           A moment later, Toole rushes back in, crumpled money in hand.

                                 TOOLE
                        Have mercy - I’ve been a good 
                        customer, haven’t I?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Good riders don’t hobble their 
                        horses. A girl with Elizabeth’s 
                        talents is hard to come by.

           Toole offers the payoff - streaks of blood on the pounds. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        But she was just a girl from 
                        Whitechapel. No children to feed or 
                        family. No one will miss her.  

           Reluctantly, Queenie takes the money.

                                 TOOLE
                        Oh, thank you - thank you!

                                 QUEENIE
                        Go wash up well. A prostitute is in 
                        poor taste, but a corpse is a 
                        terrible welcome back gift.

           Queenie smiles, then STOMPS her high-heeled boot twice 
           against the floorboards. Immediately, THREE WOMEN enter:

           LYDIA HART (late 20s) Could pass for a boy if she wanted to. 
           Decked out in stolen military medals and pea coat of a Royal 
           Admiral cut to fit - she’s stiff as a 2x4 and just as curvy. 
           There’s a violence in her angles - hard and cold.

           MARIA “FAIR EMMA” KELLY (18, at least that’s what she says) - 
           Tiny, blonde and fey, with the kind of eyes men start wars 
           over. Innocence drips from her like honey from the comb.

           ANNIE CHAPMAN (40s) - a dried rose if ever there were, she’s 
           pale as cream, ruby lips and crow black hair streaked with 
           silver. Youthful eyes, even as creases have begun to win the 
           battle for her face. 
           The girls carry a bulky, camelback flattop STEAMER TRUNK, 
           braced with leather and iron straps.

           Toole pushes past the women, heading for the washroom.

           As soon as he’s gone, the women of the Forty Elephants Gang 
           spring into action, wrapping the body in the bed sheets and 
           tossing the corpse into the trunk. 

           EXT. CENTRAL LONDON - MORNING

           The girls haul the huge steamer trunk out the door of the 
           townhouse, PUSHING it into the waiting carriage.

           Lydia grabs a bowler hat and leaps to the driver’s bench.

           Queenie comes out last, alligator bag in tow. Doesn’t look 
           left or right - She gets in, and the coach takes off.

           INT. CARRIAGE

           The steamer trunk sits open, the dead body inside. Queenie 
           takes stock, counting seconds under her breath.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        We’d best move quick.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        We’ve been too long! Won’t work.

           Queenie holds out her hand - staring down at the dead woman. 

           Fair Emma reaches into the pocket of her dress, hands shaking 
           as she pulls out a small leather case. Inside, an 1872 Parke 
           & Davis syringe, complete with an eight-inch steel needle.

           Emma’s breath quickens as panic sets in, staring down at the 
           dead body. She drops the glass syringe -

           Before it hits the ground, Queenie snags it, careful to not 
           let it shatter. Emma’s face is pale with fear.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Shh. Don’t worry, dear.

           Calmly, Queenie takes the syringe and PLUNGES the liquified 
           cocaine into the corpse - right in the NECK. 

           Seconds pass.

           The corpse GASPS - sitting up with the force of a drowning 
           man. Mouth moving like a fish, the once “dead” girl VOMITS.
           The nude, bloody woman is Elizabeth Rose Mylett (30s) - 
           DRUNKEN LIZZIE on the streets. She gives a GRIN to Queenie.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Must’a overdid it on da laudanum.

           Lizzie is an Irish Traveller - or pikey - her Shelta accent 
           as tangled as her hair.  

           Emma hugs Lizzie. Lizzie pushes Emma away, catching Queenie’s 
           frown as she hands Lizzie a kerchief.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Wipe off that pig’s blood. 

           Queenie KNOCKS TWICE on the roof of the wagon.

           EXT. CENTRAL LONDON - MORNING 

           Lydia smiles as she hears the knocks, cracking the reins to 
           drive the two-axel Hackman carriage through Old London. 

           Electric, charged-arc street lamps line wealthy streets, 
           already commonplace in 1888. Save for the lack of cars, the 
           whole thing has an unsettling, modern quality to it. 

           INT. POSH OFFICE/BEDROOM 

           Toole walks back through his bedroom to his office, freshly 
           cleaned up and relaxed. Then, he stops - mouth agape. 

           His safe sits open - EMPTY.

           INT. CARRIAGE

           The alligator medicine bag sits open - no vials or syringes -
           instead it’s filled with files and screwdrivers and chisels. 

           AND filled with the stacks of papers Queenie took from 
           Toole’s safe, the pound notes on top. 

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        How’d you crack it so fast? He  
                        didn’t even let you in the room.

                                 QUEENIE
                        His fingers. That’s what the blood 
                        was for. I could see where he 
                        grabbed and how far he turned to 
                        trip the tumblers.
           INSERT:  Sure enough, we’re back with a flash to Toole’s 
           bloodied fingers turning the dial of the fire safe - closeup 
           of his fingers reveal how far he slid and where he stopped to 
           turn backwards - an imperceptible SMUDGE of a bloody print. 
           You wouldn’t know what to look for - unless you were a pro. 

           Queenie continues fishing through her take from the safe, but 
           her paper shuffling SLOWS...

           With dread bubbling up - Queenie pushes past the few pounds - 
           finding IOUs, overdue notices, unpaid bills. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Seems old Toole was robbing Peter 
                        and Paul to pay for his Marys.

           Queenie doesn’t scream. But Christ, she wants to.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Will it still be enough?

           She doesn't answer. She doesn’t need to. It won’t be. Annie 
           gives a soft smile, but Queenie doesn’t smile back.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        I’ll pull doubles down the docks. 
                        We’ll make the difference. 

           Lizzie is still naked from her earlier “death” and stained 
           red from the pig’s blood. Without a dram of modesty, she 
           lights a thin, Spanish cigar and puts her feet on the trunk. 

                                 LIZZIE
                        I love da dead girl grift. Classic.

           Lizzie’s accent is so thick, she should have subtitles. 
           Queenie understands though, shaking her head.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Put some clothes on. A naked whore 
                        is like free food at a market. 

           Lizzie begins dressing from a stack of folded undergarments 
           as Emma pulls back the curtain on the carriage, peeking out.

           The carriage rumbles past well dressed men walking into an 
           entryway leading UNDERGROUND. A bright sign over it reads -

               District Railway’s World Famous Metropolitan Underground Rail 

                   Travel the greatest city in the world via our clean, 
                gas-lit wooden carriages hauled by genuine steam locomotive!

           Yes, The London Tube was already up and running in 1888. 
                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Why don’t they call the Bobbies on 
                        us - the men we do this grift to?

           Drunken Lizzie laughs, taking a drag on her cigarillo.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Christ! I told you dis one’s too 
                        wet behind the gills to go on 
                        grifts wit us!

                                 QUEENIE
                        Every girl’s got to start sometime. 
                        When we used to do the fake maid 
                        run, you weren’t much better, Liz.
                             (leaning in to Emma)
                        You see, men would rather be robbed 
                        in private than embarrassed in 
                        public. Know your enemies’ 
                        weakness, and stay one step ahead.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        But, our Johns - they pay, right?
                        So, they ain’t our enemies. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Yes, but they're not our friends, 
                        either. And no one will care for us 
                        if we don’t care for ourselves.

           Hearing the clop of the horse hooves change outside, Queenie 
           BANGS on the roof of the carriage, shouting up to Lydia. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Take Blackfriars’ Bridge. It’s 
                        Sunday, so head south of St. 
                        Paul’s. His girls work the market.

           Queenie recognized their location by the sound of hooves 
           alone. A moment later, the carriage shifts course.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL - DAY

           This is not the London we saw moments before. Gas lamps, 
           horseshit and muck choke the air. 

           It’s a neighborhood of Jews, Irish, Russians, Poles. A 
           hundred different flags and languages. But, for all it’s muck 
           and mire, there’s a vibrant community crackling.

           The SCREAM of a neighing horse forces Lydia to skid the 
           carriage to an abrupt STOP, barely avoiding a collision.  
           A dozen HORSES block the road ahead, pulling scaffolding for 
           a CONSTRUCTION site for a DISTRICT RAILWAY SUBWAY STOP.

           INT. CARRIAGE

           The carriage now stopped, Lydia’s voice drifts down.

                                 LYDIA (O.S.)
                        Sorry, ma’am. Construction’s pushed 
                        us right into Spitafields.

           Annie Chapman and Queenie share a glance - that’s not good. 
           Lizzie (finally dressed) peers out at the construction.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Another to District Railway. 
                        Whitechapel’s turning into a shower 
                        a’ cunts right quick.

           Annie gives Queenie a gentle touch to the thigh, to calm her. 

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        We’ll be home soon.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Don’ worry, Leather Apron ain’t 
                        gon’ catch us here. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        He does, you won’t have to play 
                        dead.

           EXT. MONGER’S MARKET ON BRICK LANE - WHITECHAPEL - DAY

           While Lydia waits in the traffic, a group of PROSTITUTES work 
           this lane. They point and whisper at Lydia’s carriage. 

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        They’ll tell him soon enough that 
                        we’re past borders.

           Something catches Queenie’s ear. A new sound. A RUMBLE.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Don’t think they’ll need to tell 
                        him anything.

           OUTSIDE QUEENIE’S CARRIAGE

           A moment later, a HUGE, two-axle black and gold CARRIAGE 
           rolls around the corner, stopping in the middle of traffic.
           LEATHER APRON (50s) exits the carriage. He sports a sable 
           frock coat, wide mutton chops and a deerstalker cap - which 
           he yanks off, revealing a mane of silver hair. 

           INSIDE QUEENIE’S CARRIAGE

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Thinks he’s da’ king a Whitechapel.

           Apron locks eyes with Queenie. Stares her down - like 
           predator to prey. Finally, he looks to his girls.

           With a smile, Leather Apron buys flowers from a vendor, 
           giving the roses to his prostitutes - refusing his change. 

           With a giddyup from above, Lydia’s carriage gets moving again 
           as the construction clears. Apron stares as they go.

           EXT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - DAY

           This disreputable hovel is an English brothel, rowdy pub and 
           Victorian flophouse all in one. 

           Rickety old buildings connected by courtyard walkways and 
           deadwood stoops - all crammed together in a sea of filth.

           Queenie and her girls step out of their carriage in front of 
           the Tenpenny, pulling a few quid and handing them to Lydia.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Give this to the Livery. Ask about 
                        his wife - she’s been ill lately.

           Lydia nods and pulls the carriage away. Queenie notices Fair 
           Emma tossing a few pence to a BEGGAR.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        God bless you.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Don’t. 

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Sorry, Queenie. Just a few pence.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Moths to da’ flame.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Just trying to be Christian.
                        Doc Rees says we're all sheep of 
                        the same flock.
                                 QUEENIE
                        Know what happens when sheep flock 
                        together?  It draws in wolves.

           Lizzie chuckles, putting out her cigar with her bare heel as 
           SMASHING GLASS and shouts can be heard inside the pub.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE

           A PROSTITUTE holds a torn dress to cover her breasts, blood 
           on her lips and nose, eye swelling shut from a punch. 

           A SOLDIER lies near her, blood pooling.

           Two more ROYAL SOLDIERS, clearly off duty and drunk, have 
           squared off against a beast of MAN across the pub.

                                 SOLDIER
                        ‘Mad Jew’ - Ba! Been with women 
                        tougher looking than him.

           With a neck like a phone pole and gorilla shoulders, MAD JEW 
           KOSMINSKI (40s) - barber, muscle, and a completely real 
           person - quietly speaks in a thick, borscht drawl -

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Slapping them’s not included in the 
                        price, sir.

           One of the remaining soldiers scowls and rushes forward. 
           Kosminski pulls out a barber’s razor, unfolding the blade.

           Surprisingly quick for being so big, he slashes the soldier - 
           taking off half his ear with little more than a wrist flick.

           The man screams, grabbing the side of his head as blood 
           spouts from between his fingers.

           The third soldier knows better and RUNS out the door. Calmly, 
           Kosminski grabs the two injured soldiers - dragging them out.

           As he nears the exit, Queenie and her girls enter.

                                 KOSMINSKI (CONT'D)
                        Morning, Madams. Pardon.

           In the pub, factory men nurse one pence gin, while all the 
           prostitutes gather around Queenie, who pours drinks for all. 

                                 40 ELEPHANT GIRL
                        Did it go well?

           Queenie gives a grin and wink, handing out battered tin cups.
                                 QUEENIE
                        He didn’t know what hit him.
                             (raises her cup)
                        To another profitable morning for 
                        the Forty Elephants!

           Queenie gives a knockout smile that can only be described as 
           criminally glamourous. 

                                 ALL
                        To the Forty!!

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - KITCHEN 

           Queenie pushes her way into the kitchen, dumping her drink 
           among dirty dishes. Annie follows a moment later.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        Smile, love. We did good today. 
                        Don’t let this lot see you worry. 
                        We’ve been through worse.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Most of these girls were too young 
                        to remember those days - and I 
                        wasn’t in charge then. 

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        Don’t matter. These girls look up 
                        to you. You got us away from him.

           She takes Queenie’s hand, a warmth in Annie’s eyes.

                                 QUEENIE
                        The girls look up to whoever keeps 
                        a roof over their heads. They’re 
                        whores, not nuns.

           Annie’s hand lingers, and Queenie lets down her guard - if 
           only for a second. May be just friendship, maybe more.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        I’ll run a few johns down the docks 
                        tonight. Don’t worry - we’ll make 
                        the extra coin we need. 

           From out in the bar, a loud and unsteady voice -

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                        First Fairy Fay - gone without a 
                        trace! Then Martha Tabram - stabbed 
                        37 times, God rest her!
                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        Christ. Bulling’s starting early. 
                        Why do you keep letting him in?

                                 QUEENIE
                        A journalist is good in the pocket.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        Then you should find one. He’s a 
                        muckraker - and his breath is 
                        pigshit.

                                 QUEENIE
                        That’s the opium.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        No, it’s all the shit he spews.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - PUB

           Queenie and Annie exit the kitchen to see THOMAS BULLING 
           (40s) standing at the bar, arms akimbo - speaking loudly to 
           Emma. He gulps down his gin.

                                 BULLING
                        But before those killings, there 
                        were the bodies in the Thames. 

           His skin is sallow, beard patchy. Well dressed but unkept, he 
           radiates the filth and fervor of a Victorian tripper.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Mr. Bulling was telling us about 
                        his articles on the killings -

                                 QUEENIE
                        I can tell you all you need to know 
                        - Fay is a drunk who’s sleeping it 
                        off in some fool’s bed. And Tabram 
                        mouthed off to the wrong John. 
                        That’s it.

           Bulling’s one eye is dirty glass. A German Lauscha Eye, it 
           rattles and rolls like a doll’s eye in his skull. 

                                 BULLING
                        Ah, my dear Queenie. That’s why I 
                        come here. The rigorous debate and -

                                 QUEENIE
                        You come here because the girls are 
                        pretty and I let you run a tab. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Now, go back to the office. It’s 
                        too early for your rumors. 

                                 BULLING
                        What about the bodies on the 
                        Thames? Rainham was no rumor. I 
                        covered that scene.

                                 ANNIE CHAPMAN
                        It was just pieces of bodies. And 
                        Police say it was a medical prank.

                                 BULLING
                        No prank. It was a sign. A warning - 
                        of evil to come. There’s a pattern 
                        to the murders. An order to the 
                        crimes. I just can’t find it - yet.

           More of the girls have begun to take notice of Bulling.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Enough. You’re scaring the girls.

                                 BULLING
                        They should be. After what happened 
                        to the Nichols girl last week -

                                 QUEENIE
                        Girls die all the time. Heat stroke 
                        in summer, freeze in winter. 

           Three MEN enter the pub. Well dressed, complete with tails 
           and pleated trousers, stovepipe hats and moustache grease.

           Queenie gives a glance to Kosminski, who nods and leads the 
           gentlemen to the SNUG (a room off to the side of the pub).

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Those’re some handsome bucks. 
                        Should I take care of them?

                                 QUEENIE
                        No, love. They’re here to fuck us 
                        in a very different way.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - SNUG

           The Gentlemen are seated when Queenie enters. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        No, no. Don’t get up.

           They weren’t going to. 
           Queenie sits in front of MISTER HERRING (50s, lanky to the 
           point of skeletal).

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        Madame - I am Acquisitions Agent 
                        Dodd Herring, representing District 
                        Railway Enterprises Unlimited.

           Herring punctuates his sentences by sniffing a perfumed 
           kerchief in his hand - a losing war against London’s odors.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I know who sent you. Where’s Ross?

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        Agent Ross has been replaced. The 
                        company found him too distracted.

                                 QUEENIE
                        A shame. Ross was a good tipper. My 
                        girls loved him.

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        As the company has made several 
                        offers without a counter offer from 
                        you to purchase this property -

                                 QUEENIE
                        No answer was my answer. 

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        Nevertheless, my superiors have 
                        instructed me to deliver this.

           His voice is a lisping whisper as he pulls official-looking 
           papers from a briefcase. Queenie glances at the paper.

                                 MISTER HERRING (CONT'D)
                        They asked me to remind you that 
                        the subterranean railway will be a 
                        Godsend for this neighborhood.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Remind them that I’m not selling. 
                        And this offer is half the price of 
                        the last.

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        No. That’s correct.

           He smiles at her, enjoying the moment.

           Disgusted, Queenie takes the papers and stands, headed for 
           the door. Herring speaks to her back as she stands
                                 MISTER HERRING (CONT'D)
                        District Railway has significant 
                        Resources and connections within 
                        the fiduciary circles of this city. 
                        And, it has come to our attention 
                        that this property is grossly 
                        delinquent on its taxes - window, 
                        revenue, property. In fact, it 
                        wouldn’t be impudent to imagine 
                        that this building would be 
                        repossessed by the County 
                        Commonwealth, and its current owner 
                        thrown in debtor’s prison.

           Queenie stops, the look on her face primal as she speaks.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Tell District Railway they can save 
                        the quid they’re paying you and not 
                        send anymore shit offers East. The 
                        Tenpenny is all these women have. 
                        Whitechapel won’t just lay down our 
                        homes and businesses for a few 
                        pounds from a lot like you. These 
                        are our streets. 

                                 MISTER HERRING
                        No matter. District Railway is 
                        buying up the streets, as well. 

           The other Gentlemen chuckle. Herring stands, his two 
           compatriots following in lockstep as they leave.

           Queenie doesn’t acknowledge them as they go, her eyes sinking 
           into the dark ink on the papers - lost in anger and worry.

           EXT. LONDON - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING

           Darkness swallows London like a whale, gulping down uneven 
           streets, chimneys and docks, hiding the grime and grit.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - HALLWAY 

           Queenie walks the crooked hall, staring at Herring’s offer.  
           From somewhere in the rickety Tenpenny, the moans of a girl. 

           Snoring from an open doorway Queenie passes. 

           It’s Drunken Lizzie. Queenie takes a moment to sneak in, 
           covering her where she lays splayed on the bed.

           As she closes that door, she hears CRYING down the hall.
           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - EMMA’S ROOM

           Fair Emma is on her bed, her face bruised and swollen.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Who?

           It may read a question, but it’s delivered as an order.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        It’s nothing. I fell.

           Lydia Hart stands in the doorway behind Queenie. Out in the 
           hall, the big shadow of Kosminski can be seen.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Lying is such and ugly color on you 
                        love. You’re better than that. Who?

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Joey.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Barnett?

           A stiffness in the air, the name familiar to all. Emma pulls 
           at Queenie’s sleeve, pleading.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        It’s my fault, I’d had a bit of 
                        beer and Joseph –

                                 QUEENIE
                        Beer doesn’t give the right.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        It’s nothing. I can put on rouge 
                        and get back to work.

           Queenie gently pulls Emma’s hand away from her face, taking 
           the makeup brush from her trembling fingers. 

           Emma is scared. Not of this Barnett. Of Queenie.

                                 FAIR EMMA (CONT'D)
                        Please, Queenie - he said he wants 
                        to marry. Imagine, a girl like me 
                        with a husband? I-I didn’t m-mean -

           Tears start to fall, and Queenie hugs the young girl.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Shhh. I’m not going to make you a 
                        widow before you’re even married.
           Queenie gives a soft laugh, and Emma slowly relaxes, burying 
           her head in Queenie’s bodice.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Now, wash up and I’m going to make 
                        us some tea. Fair enough?

           Emma nods, smiling at Queenie.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - HALLWAY 

           Queenie walks the hallway, Lydia and Kosminski behind her as 
           she leaves Emma’s room. They speak low, barely whispering.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Fetch me Annie. 

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Gone, ma’am. Working Shadwell.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Damn. She’s always better at tea 
                        than I am. 

           Queenie stops at the doorway to her bedroom. To Kosminski -

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Put a kettle on for tea. And find 
                        Joseph Barnett. Tell him he’s 
                        leaving London. Tonight.

           The big man nods and heads down the hall. Then, Queenie turns 
           to Lydia Hart, her voice low. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Tell Emma that Joseph took work in 
                        Birmingham. And make sure Kosminski 
                        doesn’t kill him - just cuts enough 
                        off so no woman would ever want 
                        him. 

           The crackling of flames fill our ears as we smash to...

           EXT. SHADWELL DOCKS - NIGHT

           The docks are burning. High heat, old wooden ships - the fire 
           rages like a demon over the black surface of the Thames. 

           And, as it’s always been - locals are there to watch. They 
           ROAR their approval as the end of the docks COLLAPSE.

           Annie works the crowd - whispering to potential customers.
           In the fire light of the docks, she’s absolutely beautiful. 
           Too pretty to be a prostitute, but that’s how life goes.

           Nearby, a form moves swiftly through the crowd.

           Shorter than most of them, it’s a dark-skinned PICKPOCKET. 
           Her clothes are threadbare. She wears flat slippers on 
           scarred feet - everything about her is out of place.

           This is EZZ (early 20s). Sharp eyes, nimble fingers. Her 
           delicate hands steal a ring off a finger. A bracelet off a 
           wrist. A billfold out of a pocket.

           A GLIMMER of gold catches Ezz’s eye. A beautiful pocketwatch 
           CHAIN. Double Albert Style. Worth a month’s rent in London.

           A BEEFY HAND reaches through the crowd, GRABBING Ezz. Ezz’s 
           hand goes to the inside of her ankle: a square top, eight-
           inch BLADE is strapped to her leg.

           Ezz bothers a glance backwards. Shit. It’s a COP.

           He smiles. His gloved hand SNAKES into her pockets, feeling 
           her up as he pulls out her “hard earned” pick. 

           In a FLASH, Ezz writhes out of her jacket, dashing away. 

           The cop takes a step - then realizes how packed the crowd is, 
           giving up and pocketing the stolen goods he took from her.

           EXT. SHADWELL DOCKS - EDGE OF THE CROWD - NIGHT

           The fires on the docks have died down. Ezz sits in a doorway, 
           watching Annie Chapman work, brushing gentleman’s shoulders. 

           Annie is a perfect mark, with fat pockets from an evening’s 
           “work”. Ezz takes two steps towards her, then stops. A MAN in 
           a BLACK TRENCH is now next to Annie.  

           His face unseen, the man whispers in Annie’s ear. Annie 
           giggles, brushing against his coat. 

           This is the same MAN wearing the same gold watch chain she 
           saw earlier. 

           EXT. BUCKS ROW - ALLEYWAY - NIGHT

           Big RATS scuttle out of the way as Annie and the black coated 
           Man enter the alley and wind their way over the cobblestone.
                                 ANNIE
                        We don’t have to here, love. Price 
                        you’re paying, we can get a room.

           The man answers, his whisper unintelligible. 

           Ezz follows in the shadows, creeping into a doorway.  Annie’s 
           customer caresses her, a handkerchief in hand.

                                 ANNIE (CONT'D)
                        It’s too dark, love. Don’t you want 
                        to see what you’re paying for -

           In a flash, the man SHOVES the handkerchief into Annie’s 
           mouth, muffling her screams. Ezz stops, confused.

           From the folds of his black coat - glints of metal catching 
           light. Two bladepoints. Ezz doesn’t get a good look at the 
           knives, save that he seems to hold both blades in one hand.

           SCHLICK! The man SLASHES Annie quick, slicing the back of her 
           neck and spine. Shocked, Ezz stumbles backwards.

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                        Shaanti ke lie aaya hoon 
                        Rakshasa...

           Ezz watches as the man lowers Annie softly to the ground.

           Annie’s legs twitch as he lays her on her back. The attacker 
           opens a leather case, not unlike a doctor’s bag.

           Bile rises in Ezz’s throat when she sees what he does next.

           With Annie still alive, he opens her abdomen, severing and 
           lifting the intestines out of her body and placing them on 
           her shoulder, while from the pelvis, the uterus and the upper 
           portion of the vagina and bladder he entirely removes. 

           (The above pulled from the actual London Hospital Inquest.)

           He cuts, placing pieces of Annie in a leather medical bag.

           All while Annie is alive - paralyzed from the cuts to her 
           spine. Ezz averts her eyes, looking down -

           - to see a huge RAT crawling across her feet. Invasive 
           Sumatran rodents. London rats at the time grew to 20 inches 
           long -  the size of housecats. 

           Ezz tries to move her foot to shoo it. The rat BITES her.

           Ezz’s SCREAM is only for a breath - but it’s long enough. The 
           killer TURNS - and he and Ezz lock eyes. Ezz turns and RUNS. 
           The killer makes no move to chase, turning back to his prey -

                                 VOICE  (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        ki ne kya kiya hai rakshasa.

           As he returns to butchering her alive, all Annie Chapman can 
           do is blink and pray for the end. 

           London may not know his name yet, but we do. 

           Jack The Ripper.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - NIGHT

           Ezz races down the street, heart pounding in her ears. Every 
           few steps she looks behind her. She needs somewhere to hide.

           Up ahead - one lone building still has a light on.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - QUEENIE’S ROOM 

           Queenie’s table is laid out with equal parts jewelry and 
           lockpick tools, makeup mingled with knives.

           Like some soldier cleaning her rifle, she methodically 
           polishes the pig’s blood from earlier off each piece. 

           A creaking of the floor behind her. 

           Queenie’s hand goes to the staghandle patch knife in her 
           corset. 

           But it’s only Lydia Hart. No need to speak - Lydia simply 
           nods to her boss. Job done. 

           Queenie goes back to cleaning her tools. 

           But Lydia doesn’t move, standing in the doorway. 

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Railway’s made another offer? Saw 
                        them today in the pub.

                                 QUEENIE
                        It’s handled.

           Lydia shifts, uncomfortable. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Anything else, Miss Hart?
                                 LYDIA HART
                        Well, ma’am. It’s just... I saw our 
                        books, and there ain’t no way - 
                        begging your pardon, that is - no 
                        way that we can make what’s owed on 
                        taxes and keep girls and Tenpenny -

                                 QUEENIE
                        Annie does the ledgers. Not you. 

                                 LYDIA HART
                        You know, we could always go back.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Never.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Perhaps a loan, then? Just a bit of 
                        safety - financially speaking -

           Queenie slams down the lockpick she’s polishing, spinning on 
           Lydia. Any maternal softness has gone icy in her eyes.  

                                 QUEENIE
                        That’s not safety. Remember what 
                        happened, what he is? You of all 
                        girls should know that.

           SMASH! Somewhere in the Tenpenny below, a loud clattering.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - KITCHEN

           Broken crockery and mugs lie in pieces on the floor, toppled 
           from where they were resting for the night.

           Queenie, a lantern in hand, stands in the doorway, Lydia is 
           behind her - shaving razor drawn and ready.

           Queenie waits in silence. A shadow moves under the table. 
           Someone is in the darkened kitchen. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        We’ve nothing to steal. Go.

           No response. Queenie grabs a big, chipped CLEAVER from the 
           butcher’s block. She THUNKS the blade into the wooden table.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I won’t aim for the wood next. Go.

           Ezz SCUTTLES out from under the big chopping table, she’s got 
           her long, square knife out of its sheath and in her hands.
           Queenie’s had enough - in the dim light, her nerves frayed.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Railway send you? Or did he?

                                 EZZ
                        Just need somewhere for the night. 

           Her accent isn’t cockney, it’s tropical - soft and exotic -
           but still full of defiance. Queenie eyes up the big blade, a 
           little too big for Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Hmm, cane knife. Sugar harvesting 
                        machete. What Island are you from? 
                        Danish Indies? Cuba? Jamaica? 

                                 EZZ
                        Island of “fuck off”. 

           Lydia steps forward, knife out - but Queenie stops her.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Charming. But, we’ve no room. You 
                        want charity, find a church.

                                 EZZ
                        Just for tonight. Please.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Why just tonight?

                                 EZZ
                             (glances outside)
                        Streets aren’t safe.

           Ezz isn’t telling the full story, and Queenie knows it.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You’re clearly new in London, or 
                        you’d know Whitechapel’s streets 
                        are never safe. Now go.

                                 EZZ
                        I saw a murder. A lady killed.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Women get killed all the time. The 
                        bobbies will take care of it.

                                 EZZ
                        No, it wasn’t like that. He spoke 
                        strange. He cut pieces off her, 
                        took them out. Kept them.
                                 QUEENIE
                        Maybe you saw that. Maybe not. But 
                        these blocks belong to Forty 
                        Elephants. Which you’re not. Go.

                                 EZZ
                        Well... What if I just cut you, 
                        take whatever room I want?

                                 QUEENIE
                        First rule of a knife fight: don’t 
                        pull it if you won’t use it.

                                 EZZ
                        How do you know you I won’t cut -

           Queenie takes a step, and Ezz stumbles back instinctively.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        Please. I’ve got nowhere.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Everyone in Whitechapel’s got 
                        nowhere. And I can barely feed the 
                        mouths I have. Now go. Don’t come 
                        back or I’ll kill you. 

           Ezz sees no charity reflected back. She backs out the door 
           into the alleyway, disappearing into the night.

           EXT. BUCKS ROW ALLEYWAY - NEXT MORNING

           Annie Chapman was murdered here not more than six hours 
           earlier. In daylight, the spray of blood is sickening.

           Police, sketch artists, cleanup crews and press traipse where 
           Chapman’s body lays, spread eagle as it was left.

           A crime scene in the 1880s was a chaotic affair, with 
           reporters allowed to mingle freely and take evidence.

           The police knew nothing of forensics, and crime scenes being 
           scrubbed clean quickly so as to not gather onlookers.

           A huge crowd gathered, held back by several uniformed 
           BOBBIES. One is the handsome CONSTABLE WALTER DEW (30s).

           Queenie, Lizzie, Fair Emma and Lydia all stand among the 
           crowd, as Annie’s uncovered body is loaded onto a wagon. 

           Fair Emma weeps openly, while Queenie is silent and stoic. 
           Dew notices the women, walking over.
                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        Don’t look ladies, it’s not a 
                        proper sight.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Shut it, Dew. She was one of ours.

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        Apologies. Queenie, I’m sorry.

           There’s a commotion behind Dew - it’s Bulling. He sees 
           Queenie, and comes rushing to her, disheveled and winded.

                                 BULLING
                        I knew it! Eighteen months after 
                        Rainham Mystery! I told you! This 
                        is all part of some pattern!

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        Enough of your nonsense! The body 
                        is not even cold yet, muckraker!

           But Queenie’s not listening, watching the body being loaded 
           as the CROW AND RABBLE begin to shout - 

                                 CROWD AND RABBLE
                        Heard she was gutted!/ Just like 
                        Nichols/ Who cares - she’s a whore!

           Their cruel cries hang on the air as Queenie’s world spins. 
           Voices muffle as Queenie struggles to push through the crowd.

           She leaves the crime scene, walking quickly back onto the 
           street, face taught and tight. 

           Emma sees her, taking a step to go, but Lizzie grabs her.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Nah, child. Let ‘er go.

           EXT. BACK ALLEY - MORNING

           Queenie takes a few steps into the alley, but can no longer 
           hold the brave face. Leaning against a wall, tears fall.

           A shadow moves behind her. Queenie doesn’t see. She stares 
           down into a puddle, seeing her own reflection. 

           Then, she sees something else. Someone is behind her.

           Queenie clocks a flash of movement. Something is brought down 
           on her head. It’s a flour sack. Then, a CRACK on the skull- 
           SMASHING her world to DARKNESS.
           INT. CARRIAGE

           All we see is black. Queenie’s breath in her ears. 

           The hurried whispers of her abductors, the clip clop of 
           hooves and the creak creak of carriage wheels.

           The noise of the city gives way to a low mournful sound.

           Cattle. And lots of them.

           EXT. STOCKYARDS - DAY

           Queenie lands in mud with a splat as the bag is yanked off. 
           Struggling, her hand rests against a wall that moves.

           Only, it’s no wall - but it might as well be. 

           Queenie looks up to see a huge BULL staring back at her. He’s 
           an English Longhorn - 2,000 lbs with huge horns.

           Queenie’s in the LONDON STOCKYARDS -  thousands of cattle 
           forming an unending sea of meat and shit and fur and horns.

           LEATHER APRON steps out from the other side of the bull, 
           running his gloved hand along its fur. He wears a big 
           tanner’s apron, leather tools and knives adorn his belt.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        I’m sorry ‘bout Annie. 

           Queenie reaches for her own knife - but it’s not there. 

           On the other side of the fence, a few East End thugs lean 
           against the fence smirking. They are CORNERMEN - a street 
           gang of Welsh and cockney teens covered in tattoos. 

           One holds Queenie’s knife, picking his fingernails with it. 
           She ignores the Cornernmen, turning towards Leather Apron.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You killed her - to get back at me.

           He doesn’t even look at her as he talks, instead running his 
           hand gently over the bull’s fur.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You wound me. I would never do 
                        something like what was done to 
                        her. Annie Chapmen was a flower. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        She hated you. And you her.
                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Still. This is a tragedy.

                                 QUEENIE
                        How’d you know? I just heard -

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        A good boss knows where his gang is 
                        - and where they ain’t. I simply 
                        brought you here to offer sympathy.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You stole me off my own steps. 

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You wouldn’t have come otherwise.

           Queenie glances around the pen - the huge cow between them, 
           the wooden fence all clung to by his girls. She’s trapped. No 
           easy escape route, and no weapon for her to fight back with.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Come home, Queenie.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Whitechapel’s my home.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        I mean come back. Working for me.
                        Your girls must be scared. Tabram 
                        girl was slit from tits to tail. 

           His coldness clocks for Queenie - is he the killer?

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        ... and now, poor Annie. A light in 
                        the darkness, snuffed out too soon.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Stop saying her name.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Well, she used to like to say mine.

           Leather Apron chuckles at his innuendo. Queenie seethes. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        None of your girls been hit. Why?

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Don’t know. But I do know that, 
                        before this, I kept Whitechapel 
                        running smooth - quim, fights, 
                        poppy, drink. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        But now, the Forty Elephants are 
                        the only gang in Whitechapel don't 
                        work with me.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Only ones who don’t work for you.

           The more defensive Queenie gets, the more cockney her accent 
           reverts - as if her proper English is a cracking veneer.

           He walks back around the cow, petting it as he talks. 

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Call it what you like. But, I hear 
                        times are tight for the Elephants.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Never been better. 

           A lie, and Apron knows it. He motions to Queenie’s feet.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You need a new pair of boots?

           He motions to the bull. Queenie shakes her head ‘no’.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Too bad. That’s this one’s name - 
                        New pair o’ boots.

           With the speed of a striking snake, he pulls his leather 
           knife from his belt - it’s a wide, HALFMOON TANNER’S BLADE.

           He YANKS his blade across the bull’s neck, slashing it open. 
           The big animal thrashes around - it’s deadly horns FLAILING.

           The animal thrashes, but Apron calmly sidesteps the horns.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        My offer stands. Elephants are 
                        welcome back under my protection. 
                        Tell your girls, all is forgiven.

                                 QUEENIE
                        My girls. Not your concern.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        For now.

           Apron motions for his Cornermen to take Queenie home, then 
           goes back to butchering the animal as it is STILL ALIVE.

           The last thing Queenie hears is the horrible scream of the 
           bull as we SMASH TO -
           INT. ROYAL LONDON HOSPITAL - BASEMENT

           Wet, dank halls - more a dungeon then a medical facility. 
           Constable Dew nervously walks the hall, Queenie behind him.

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        You sure?

           Queenie, done up proper despite the setting, is impatient.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I’m not here for the scenery. Can 
                        you let me in or not?

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        No, no. I can. It’s just - this 
                        isn’t a place for a lady.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Unfortunately, constable - ladies 
                        like me end up here far too often.

           INT. MORGUE

           Annie Chapman STARES up at us. Well, what’s left of her.

           The body, having fallen apart in transport by police, lies in 
           pieces on the cold stone slab of the morgue. 

           Queenie looks down at her, refusing to show any emotion - her 
           only tell is blinking to hold back tears.

           Dew, on the other hand, looks like he’s going to puke.

           The YOUNG CORONER (late 20s), a newspaper under his arm and 
           smoking a pipe, looks down at the body, unfazed.

           Queenie eyes up the slashes to the poor girl’s throat. Not 
           singular, but two slashes everywhere.

                                 CORONER
                        Two knives, I suppose.

           He LIFTS the sheet covering Annie’s lower half. Her belly has 
           been hollowed out. Nauseated, Constable Dew vomits. 

           Dew rushes out. The Coroner eyes up Queenie to see if she’s 
           running, too. She’s not going anywhere. He’s impressed.

                                 CORONER (CONT'D)
                        The killer had medical training. 
                        Doctor, vet, maybe butcher. 
                                 CORONER (CONT'D)
                        I was gonna read that.

           She pushes the newspaper onto the wound on the neck. 

           Due to the dampness of this basement, the blood on the wound 
           is congealed and sticky. Queenie PRESSES against it, leaving 
           a SYMBOL IMPRINT on the newsprint as the Coroner drones on.

                                 CORONER (CONT'D)
                        -- now only if someone saw this 
                        killer, the coppers could wrap --

           This trigger something in Queenie. 

                                 QUEENIE (PRE-LAP)
                        Dark skinned. Probably Island born. 
                        Small girl. I need you to find her.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL - HOSPITAL FRONT ENTRANCE - DAY

           Queenie explains to the 40 Elephants gathered around:

                                 QUEENIE
                        I need to speak with her. Full 
                        Pound for the girl that brings her.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        What’s dis girl got?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Only thing that matters. 
                        Information.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - VARIOUS - DAY/NIGHT

           The 40 Elephants show their reach as day turns to night - 
           talking to every pickpocket, fence, shopkeeper and paperboy. 

           It’s like watching wildfire spread - questions are asked, 
           ears are whispered, and payoffs are traded for information. 

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL ALLEYWAY - GUN STREET - DAY

           Fair Emma drops coins in the hands of beggars and veterans.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                         - this Islander has seen the 
                        killer! Hurry. Queenie wants her.

           Emma doesn’t see, but Ezz is listening from a nearby alley. 
           EXT. WHITECHAPEL - TEN BELLS PUB - DUSK

           The search for Ezz continues. Lizzie spreads the word to the 
           customers leaving the pub.

                                 LIZZIE
                        -- Caribbean. ‘Bout yay tall. 
                        Elephants will pay in puss and 
                        pints whichever lout finds ‘er.

           Lizzie doesn’t see, but a dark SHADOW stands in one of the 
           alcoves, listening.  Fine jacket, fine shoes. And a gold 
           watch chain.  We’ve seen this man once before - The Ripper.

           He HEARS Lizzie describe Ezz and his breath increases - like 
           an animal who’s just scented prey.

           EXT. ST. KATHERINE DOCKS - NIGHT

           The easternmost docks of London proper - wretched center for 
           the rubber, wool and sugar that floods into the city.

           As such, this is a mecca for foreigners, and the dark skinned 
           WOMEN who service the sailors know their clientele.  Moors, 
           Africans, Caribbean - even a few Aborigines work the docks.

           All of these girls are similar in build and stature to Ezz. 

           As the girls call to the sailors - a dark figure WATCHES a 
           few young women. His gold watchchain swings as he approaches. 
           One of the CARRIBEAN PROSTITUTES sees him, and motions -

                                 CARRIBEAN PROSTITUTE
                        Come on, love. Why you standing in 
                        shadows? We won’t bite -

           As he APPROACHES them, his breathing increases. Reaching into 
           his jacket, glints of metal catch the light as he swings. 

           A blowing FOGHORN from an approaching ship in the darkness of 
           the harbor blasts through the air, drowning out the screams 
           of the first woman.

           The first girl turns to run, blood pouring from a huge slash 
           to her abdomen. The prostitute struggles to hold in her 
           intestines as the Ripper pushes her aside. 

           The women realize too late as the first of them falls. 

           The others turn to run, slipping in the blood of the fallen 
           prostitute. The killer slowly steps towards the others. 

           Not haphazard. Calm. Focused. Inevitable.
           INT. PRINTING WAREHOUSE

           Huge, flywheel printing presses, each several stories high, 
           run nonstop, twenty four hours a day. 

           Thunderous, relentless - feeding a ravenous public.

           Bulling walks among them, proud of the work as he heads for 
           his office in the back. He opens the door, stopping -

           Then, on the floor in his office doorway... An ENVELOPE. It’s 
           lumpy and leaking blood. 

           One word has been written on it: GOSWORTH.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - EVENING

           Cold rain begins to drizzle. 

           Queenie stands in the doorway, ignoring the rain as she 
           listens to arthritic BEGGAR, who then WHISPERS updates in 
           Queenie’s ear. No luck yet.  

           EXT. BANKS OF THE RIVER THAMES - EVENING

           Dusk loses the battle with night. RAIN falls hard now. 

           Ezz walks - careful to avoid everyone, moving in shadows.

           Hungry, wet, cold and tired. 

           She notices the only place not crawling with people: a big, 
           dark pipe that empties into the River Thames. 

           The end of the Central London Sewer Line. 

           She pulls her hood tight and heads towards it. 

           Ezz doesn’t notice a few BEGGARS and PAUPERS watching as she 
           squeezes her way into the sewer tunnel.

           EXT. THE GOSWORTH - NIGHT

           The drizzle of rain continues, pelting the GOSWORTH - an East 
           Indiamen FRIGATE rocking in the St. Katherine docks. 

           A MOORISH SAILOR flings open the hatch and climbs up from 
           below, lantern in hand. 

           A GULL, snacking on something held in its claws, takes 
           flight. It drops what it was eating - a human FINGER.
           EXT. THE GOSWORTH/DOCKS - DAWN

           A swarm of JOURNALISTS push against the few cops holding them 
           back form stepping on the gangplank that leads to the 
           Gosworth. Thomas Bulling is among them. 

           Bulling pushes against a burly COP. He’s like a wall. 

                                 BURLY COP
                        Back! Active crime scene!

                                 BULLING
                        Come on! They been up there for 
                        hours and not so much as a peep!

           On the deck of the Gosworth, Bulling can see POLICE 
           COMMISSIONER CHARLES WARREN (60s) walking the deck with the 
           HARBOR MASTER (80s) and CHIEF INSPECTOR ABERLINE (40s).

           Because of how high the ship sits in the water, it’s 
           impossible to see what they’re looking at on deck.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                             (shouting up to them)
                        Missing something, Commish?

           The Comissioner STOPS what he’s doing, turning to stare down.

           Bulling holds up a handkerchief. Clenched within the cloth is 
           a severed human ear, dark-skinned and cleanly cut. 

           EXT. THE GOSWORTH - DECK - DAWN 

           Bulling is drug onto the deck by the Burly Cop, who hands the 
           cloth with the ear to the Commissioner. The gentle old man 
           makes the sign of the cross, whispering under his breath - 

                                 COMISSIONER WARREN
                        Where did you get this?

                                 BULLING
                        I’m the reporter, I’ll ask the -

           WHACK! The Burly Cop smacks the mouthy journalist.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        Uh, delivered last night in a 
                        letter to me. Left in my office.

           The Comissioner looks to the men around him, worried.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        So, is there a body to go with it?
           The Harbor Master, hands shaky, points to wooden barrels on 
           the deck. Behind them, the bodies lie stacked and tangled.

           These were the dark-skinned girls we saw earlier in the 
           evening. Each of these poor women have their eyes stabbed, 
           cheeks slashed. Ears and fingers cut off, scattered around.

           The police have to shoo away seagulls, looking to feast.

           Aberline examines the double slash marks on the bodies.

                                 INSPECTOR ABERLINE
                        Wounds look like claws.

                                 COMISSIONER WARREN
                        Nonsense. It’s clean, like a knife.

                                 BULLING
                        These cuts look like those on the 
                        Rainham murders.

                                 INSPECTOR ABERLINE
                        Stop. Those were severed clean- 
                        this is a mutilation. This has 
                        nothing to do with the Rainham 
                        mess. 

                                 BULLING
                        It has everything to do with 
                        Rainham, and the killings in 
                        Whitechapel. There’s a pattern -

                                 COMISSIONER WARREN
                        No, there isn’t. Inspector 
                        Aberline, this ship never made 
                        port. Instruct the harbor master to 
                        strike the logs and pay the captain 
                        of this vessel to give these poor 
                        heathens a Christian burial at sea.

           The Commissioner turns to leave. Bulling heads after the 
           Comissioner, but the Burly Cop stops him.

                                 BULLING
                        You can’t, sir! The citizens -

                                 COMISSIONER WARREN
                        Have enough to worry about. These 
                        poor girls aren’t Londoners. Go 
                        home, Mr. Bulling. Wanting grand 
                        conspiracies don’t make them so. 

           The Commissioner and his assistants leave. Aberline stays, 
           staring at the bodies with Bulling.
           The journalist sees the slashed cheeks and lips...

           ...sliced off ears.

           ...poked out eyes. 

                                 BULLING
                        Hear no, see no, speak no evil.

                                 INSPECTOR ABERLINE
                        What’s that? 

                                 BULLING
                        A warning. Message telling someone 
                        to keep quiet. Just walk away.

                                 INSPECTOR ABERLINE
                        Who the blazes would this killer be 
                        sending a message to?

                                 BULLING
                        Don’t know. But I pity the poor 
                        soul he has set his sights on.

           INT. SEWERS - DAWN 

           Ezz awakens from where she spent the night, huddled on a 
           walkway above the flowing sewage. She stretches, yawning. 

           She doesn’t notice, but down the tunnel, figures WATCH her.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - BAR 

           Kosminski washes the dishes as Lydia reports to Queenie.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Dockmen said they saw a dark 
                        skinned girl down St. Katherine 
                        sewers. Spent the night there. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Shit. We watched the streets. She’d 
                        know to go below them. 

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Smart girl.

           Queenie is headed for the door, Kosminski pulling on his hat.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Not if the Toshers find her before 
                        we do.
           INT. SEWERS 

           Ezz is backed against the wall of the sewer, eyes wide.

           She is surrounded by a group of MEN. Filthy, carrying packs 
           to hold the garbage they find, clutching OYSTER RAKES, BROKEN 
           TOOLS and TIN-TIPPED trash pickers. They are the real-life, 
           sewer-scavenging TOSHERS of Victorian London.

           Ezz has her cane blade out, waving it as they close in.

                                 SKINNY TOSH
                        Ooh, careful. Claws on this one.

           The BOSS TOSHER (30s) smiles as his gang circles. His lips 
           and teeth are the same color as the shit he stands in.

                                 BOSS TOSHER
                        Far from the sugarcane fields, eh?

                                 SKINNY TOSH
                        Flesh sweet as sugar, I’d wager.

           The group of men LAUGH - circling her.

                                 EZZ
                        Come closer and I’ll cut your dirty 
                        pecker off and feed it to the rats.

           Ezz tries to make a run for it, but they block her way.

                                 BOSS TOSHER
                        Where you runnin’ to, love? We know 
                        every sewer, tunnel and pit under 
                        London. Ain’t none running anywhere 
                        down here we don’t know. And 
                        anything down here belongs to us.

                                 EZZ
                        I don’t belong to anyone.

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        We’ll see ‘bout that.

           They move in, eyes lecherous and coveting Ezz’s clean skin. A 
           SPLASHING sound echoes. Something coming their way.

                                 BOSS TOSH (CONT'D)
                        Who goes?

           Out steps Queenie, careful to keep her dress above the water.

                                 QUEENIE
                        The girl’s not yours.
                                 BOSS TOSH
                        Ain’t your territory, Queenie.

           Kosminski STEPS out of the shadows behind Queenie. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        She belongs to me.

           Ezz looks at Queenie - Queenie is the woman who THREATENED TO 
           KILL HER a few nights ago. So, no love lost there.  

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        She’s down here. So, she belongs to 
                        the Toshers. You take her, we’re 
                        owed one. That’s the rules.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I won’t ask again.

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        Ya won’t need to.

           He motions to his gang. The Toshers smile, coming towards 
           Kosminski. As they prepare to swarm, stab and poke the Mad 
           Jew, Queenie GRABS Ezz’s hand, pulling her. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Come on. While they’re distracted.

           But Ezz is no friend to Queenie, either. 

                                 EZZ
                        Let go! I’ll cut you. I swear!

                                 QUEENIE
                        Come on. You’re safe with -

           In flight or fight mode, Ezz SWINGS her knife instinctively. 
           Queenie SNAGS her hand out of the air, stopping the slash a 
           hair’s breath before cutting Queenie’s face. 

           Queenie pauses - then SMACKS Ezz hard across the face. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        They’ll do worse than that to you.

           Ezz sees Kosminski in a full-on brawl against the Toshers. 

           One STABS Kosminski in the leg with a broken shovel handle, 
           burying the wood spur in flesh. 

           The Big Jew doesn’t even grunt, just uses the closed distance 
           to smash the man in the face, sending teeth flying.
           Kosminski pulls his barber’s razor - slashing another man 
           with it across the face and chest.  

           Like all real violence, this happens fast - no preamble or 
           gorgeous choreography.  It’s brutish, grunting and gurgling.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        We need to go. Now.

           Ezz just nods, a little stunned. As she and Queenie turn to 
           head into the dark tunnel, Queenie clears her throat. 

           Given his signal, Kosminski SLAMS Boss Tosh into the stone 
           wall - not killing him, but sending him sprawling.

           The Toshers struggle to pull their leader up as the Mad Jew 
           follows Queenie into the darkness. Boss Tosh SCREAMS -

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        Queenie! Bring her back - she 
                        belongs to us!

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - BEDROOMS - DAY

           DR. LLEWEYLN REES (40s, proper and prim) leans down, staring 
           under the dress of one of the 40 Elephant PROSTITUTES.

           The other girls are gathered, awaiting medical exams. Rees 
           speaks from under the dress, calling out to Queenie - who 
           waits at the doorway with Ezz beside her.

                                 DR. REES
                        The French girl’s with child. A few 
                        scrofula, yeast. Gonorrhea’s gotten 
                        bad with the dock girls. Fevers.  
                        Sulphur, mercury and belladonna to 
                        treat. But it’s not cheap.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Dr. Rees, I’ve got another one.

           Queenie pushes Ezz into the room, still filthy from earlier.

           Ezz resists as Queenie pushes her towards the doctor. 

                                 EZZ
                        I’m not one of yours.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. But you’re around my girls. 
                        Disease spreads like fire. Twice as 
                        hard to put out.
           The Doctor pulls his head out from under the dress. He’s a 
           little shocked by filthy Ezz, but is ever the professional. 

                                 DR. REES
                        Let me get my bag.

           He reaches down to the floor and grabs his medical bag. He 
           opens it on the table, revealing shiny, clean medical tools .

           Stethoscope, tongs, tongue depressor, pills and powders. As 
           each item is brought out, Ezz becomes more and more nervous. 

                                 DR. REES (CONT'D)
                        Just try and be calm.

           He reaches for his syringe beside the long, shiny LISTON 
           KNIFE in his doctor’s bag - used for amputations. 

           Ezz stares at Dr. Rees - is this the killer she saw before?

                                 DR. REES (CONT'D)
                        Now, a variolation for smallpox.

           When Ezz sees the glint of the blade, the edge of the 
           scalpels - she PANICS - eyes widen, breath increasing. 

                                 DR. REES (CONT'D)
                        It’s nothing to be afraid of -

           Quickly, Queenie realizes and covers the medical tools.  

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - HALLWAY 

           Away from Ezz and the other girls, Lydia Hart pays Dr. Rees 
           as he and Queenie whisper -

                                 DR. REES 
                        - that young girl is under extreme 
                        duress. Heart palpitations - as if 
                        trapped in memory. Strange.

                                 QUEENIE
                        But is she healthy, Doctor?

                                 DR. REES
                        Surprisingly so. I’d say nothing a 
                        good meal wouldn’t fix.

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - BAR 

           Ezz has her face buried into a breakfast of mutton and ugly 
           brown stew. All the 40 Elephant girls STARE at her. 
           Lizzie steps in, pushing the girls aside as Queenie enters.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Christ, you hens give ‘er space! 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Back to work. Now.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        But, with the protests, no one -

                                 QUEENIE
                        I said get to work!

           Her voice is sharp and loud, bouncing off the glassware.

           They scatter. In a moment, the bar is empty except for 
           Kosminski, Queenie and Ezz. Queenie takes a seat. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I love my girls, but I have a 
                        business to run. At times, that 
                        requires a firm hand.

                                 EZZ
                        I don’t care about your business.

                                 QUEENIE
                        My business paid for that soup.

                                 EZZ
                        This soup is shit.

           Queenie, annoyed, pulls the food away. Out of reflex, Ezz 
           pulls her butter knife and tries to STAB Queenie’s hand.

           But this isn’t Queenie’s first knife-fight in a bar, and she 
           CATCHES Ezz’s hand in mid-swing.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Not bad. But your eyes gave you 
                        away. I knew what your move was -

           Queenie stops. Ezz has her FORK in her left hand, jabbing 
           Queenie in the stomach. Ezz smiles. A shadow falls over Ezz. 

           It’s Kosminski. He holds out his hand.

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Knife and fork please, young miss.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Reflexes are good, but backup is 
                        better.
           Defeated, Ezz hands over the silverware

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I’m sorry I slapped you.

           Ezz nods. She’s not much of a talker. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        You’re safe now. The 40 Elephants 
                        have you under our protection.

                                 EZZ
                        Ain’t scared.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Were the last time you were here.

           Touché. Ezz stops eating, remembering that fateful night.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        That night... I couldn’t take you 
                        in. I needed to worry about my 
                        gang, my girls.

                                 EZZ
                        Sure, mum. Whatever.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I'm not your mum.

                                 EZZ
                        Old enough to be.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Careful.

           Queenie pours herself some tea. Milk and sugar, just like an 
           English lady.  The whole process is out of place in the bar. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I don’t drink tea with strangers.

           Ezz shrugs - not getting it or not caring.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        And you are? 

                                 EZZ
                        Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        What's Ezz short for?
                                 EZZ
                        Don’t know. West African. It means 
                        king. My momma wanted a boy.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Then pick your own name. 

                                 EZZ
                        You mean a name like Queenie? Just 
                        saying a thing don't make it true.

           No one talks to Queenie like this. Even Kosminski, who’s back 
           to cleaning the bar, swallows hard at her response. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        The night you broke in - you said 
                        you saw a killing. Could you 
                        identify the man who did it? 

           Ezz pauses - as if remembering makes it real. Queenie motions 
           to Kosminski, who ladles another SPOONFUL of disgusting stew. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I have a proposition - help me find 
                        the killer you saw that night and 
                        I’ll allow you room and board, to 
                        stay here while we search.

                                 EZZ
                        I want my own bedroom. Three meals. 
                        Not this slop. And new clothes.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You’re in no position to make such 
                        a steep bargain.

                                 EZZ
                        You’re in no position to say no.

           Ezz grabs a bottle of gin from the bar. She pauses, waiting 
           to see if Queenie is going to reprimand her. But she doesn’t.

           Ezz pours, gulping it and wincing - then coughing. Queenie 
           enjoys the little display of bravado gone wrong. Then, she 
           pulls out the faded newspaper with the symbol.  

                                 QUEENIE
                        Ever seen this mark before?

           Ezz shakes her head NO.

                                 BULLING (PRE-LAP)
                        Out of my way - important business!
           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - DAY

           Thomas Bulling pushes his way down the street, hands still 
           bloody from the ear he was given from the Gosworth attack. 

           He pushes past beggars, high-strung from some narcotic binge 
           as he sidesteps the Whitechapel Vigilance protesting and a 
           Railway worker pounding a sign on a nearby church.

           As he approaches the Tenpenny, Fair Emma and other 40 
           Elephants girls are out front, trying to drum up business. 

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        I wouldn’t go in there right now, 
                        Mr. Bulling. Queenie’s on one.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Pissed and bothered o’er da girl 
                        she brought in last night. Says da 
                        child saw Annie’s murderer. 

                                 BULLING
                        Saw the murderer?

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Mm hm. Fresh from the boat, this 
                        girl. Bimini, maybe Nassau. 

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - BAR 

           In a corner table, Ezz plays cards with Kosminski, his hands 
           swallowing the cards. They play WHIST - forefather of bridge.

           Bulling enters the pub, making a beeline for Queenie behind 
           the bar. Out of instinct, Ezz reaches for her knife.

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        No worry, young miss. That’s just 
                        news man Bulling. He’s harmless, 
                        unless you’re gin or opium. 

                                 EZZ
                        He work for your Queenie, too?

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        No. But Queenie took him in when 
                        the dragon had ‘im by the claws. 
                        Been a friend of the girls since.

                                 EZZ
                        Seems your boss’ll make a deal with 
                        everyone. 
                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Miss Queenie don’t believe in 
                        charity. She gives a bit of worth 
                        to those with none. And people want 
                        to thank her for it, in their own 
                        way. When I got out of Broadmoor, 
                        she got me work as a barber.

                                 EZZ
                        Broadmoor’s your home?

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Nope. Asylum.
                             (plays his cards)
                        Your turn.

           They finish the hand - which Kosminski lets Ezz win. As they 
           set up to deal another, Ezz lowers her voice, mumbling -

                                 EZZ
                        Uh, thanks. For the Toshers. I 
                        never told you thanks. 

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Nope. Miss Queenie. She had half 
                        the city looking for you.  

           There’s some noise over at the bar, by Queenie and Bulling.

           AT THE BAR

           Bulling smacks his hands loudly on the bar, angry and cocaine 
           fueled, then he points over to Ezz.

                                 BULLING
                        Don’t you see?! Whoever or whatever 
                        is out there killing, I think he’ 
                        looking for that child there --

           Bulling stops - his face is ashen, eyes wide. He’s looking at 
           the symbol on the newspaper. 

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        This mark - where did you get this?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Annie Chapman’s body. Nichols, too.

                                 BULLING
                        I’ve seen that mark. In the Thames.
                        June of ‘87 - body parts in 
                        Rainham. Each piece of those poor 
                        girls carved with that mark. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        The Yard, Comissioner, The Star - 
                        none of them believed what I told 
                        them.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Told them what?

                                 BULLING
                        That this symbol I saw - the one 
                        you’ve seen now, as well - it has 
                        meaning to some men in London.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Take me to these men.

           EXT. BETHNAL GREEN - PUNJAAB MARKET - EVENING

           Pigs and cows roam freely, fumes drifting on the air from 
           boiling tripe, melting tallow or butchers preparing cat meat.

           At the center, an old East Indian hodgepodge of stalls, 
           adorned with Hindu cloth and beads. 

           Queenie, Ezz and Kosminski stand behind a nervous Bulling.

                                 BULLING
                        Ummm, these men. They’re not quite 
                        friends. More business associates -

                                 VOICE (O.S.)
                        You got balls of iron, newsman.

           From the folds of the cluttered stalls, a few MEN step. East 
           Indians, armed and scary - sailors and mercenaries. Their 
           leader is CALCUTTA JOHN (40s, all tattoos and gold teeth). 

                                 BULLING
                        Hello John, how’ve you been?

           The point of John’s sword is the only thing that could shut 
           Bulling up so quick - it’s poking into the newsman’s throat.

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        I think I’ll cut those iron balls 
                        off - pay your debts on the pipe.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No debts. He works for me today.

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        You’re a long way from Whitechapel, 
                        Elephant Queen.
           The thugs laugh. Queenie HOLDS out the newspaper with the 
           symbol on it. The thugs stop, color draining.

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN (CONT'D)
                        Shit. Daaada needs to see this.

           INT. DEN OF THE OPIUM KINGS 

           It’s expected behind the stalls would be full of strange 
           wonders and odd smells, cluttered and smoky backrooms.

           In reality, it’s MEANT to look like a chaotic collection of 
           stalls - hiding a full-bore LAUDANUM PROCESSING FACILITY.  

           Dozens of Lascars mix the popular medicine from mercury, 
           hashish, ether, chloroform and OPIUM. Laudanum was the cure 
           all for tired wives, cranky children and infamous writers.

           Queenie and her group are led across the factory floor. 

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        Wait here.

           Moments later, Prayer beads and saffron gown hems drag across 
           the floor as DAADA (100s) is brought out. 

           Hindi for “grandfather”, his nails are as long as 
           pocketknives, patches of hair cling to a liver spotted scalp.

                                 DAADA
                        kisane dekha Rakshasa?

           Daada speaks in Vedic Sanskrit, a proto-Hindi tongue that 
           predates Christ by over 2,000 years. 

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        He wants to know who saw it.

                                 BULLING
                        It?

                                 THUG
                        Whatever made the mark.

           Queenie NODS towards Ezz. The old man eyes up Ezz and begins 
           to speak in the old tongue, which Calcutta John translates -

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        This is the mark of the rakshasa. 
                        The man-eater - a demonic creature 
                        who possessed enormous strength, 
                        strange powers, strong mind - 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 CALCUTTA JOHN (CONT'D)
                                 CALCUTTA JOHN (CONT'D)
                        But rakshasa recognize no sort of 
                        restraints like man or god. They 
                        show no respect, no humility. 
                        Swollen with ego, they are beyond 
                        every law. It is said Rakshasa were 
                        created by Brahma - yet when he 
                        made them, they turned and began 
                        eating their creator. 

                                 EZZ
                        How do you kill it?

           Old Daada LAUGHS, then finally speaks - in English:

                                 DAADA
                        No one has ever killed the 
                        Rakshasa.

           EXT. BETHNAL GREEN - PUNJAAB MARKET - AFTERNOON

           The group leave the hidden Laudanum plant. 

                                 BULLING
                        So, the killer’s an East Indian?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Or he’s served on the subcontinent.

                                 BULLING
                        You believe all that mystical talk? 

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. But the killer does.

           INT. A DARK, DARK PLACE

           There’s no way to tell where we are - the only thing for sure 
           is that we should not be here. 

           A sickly, green light barely illuminates a writing desk, 
           where SOMEONE sits - penning a letter in black ink he mixes 
           with deep, crimson blood. 

           The hands that struggle to write the letter are old, gnarled 
           and withered.

           INT. PRINTING PRESS - NIGHT 

           The printing press is empty at this late hour - except for 
           Thomas Bulling, who is passed out at his desk - opium pipe 
           spent atop his articles and papers.
           The Ripper watches Bulling sleep, yanking something from his 
           long, black coat. A letter. The Ripper places it by Bulling. 

           Then, the voice of the RIPPER begins.(Taken from an actual 
           letter sent to the London Star on September 27, 1888):

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        Dear Boss, I am down on whores and 
                        I shant quit ripping them till I 
                        finish my work... 

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - NIGHT

           A skinny prostitute (ELIZABETH STRIDE, 32) works the streets. 
           A dark shadow falls over her.

           The shiny points of the man with the gold watch slices 
           Stride’s throat - her neck nearly slashed to her spine. 

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        Grand work the last job was. I gave 
                        the ladies no time to squeal. 

           She falls to the ground - one day, she’ll be one of the most 
           famous prostitutes ever. But tonight, she dies alone.  

           The man with the gold watch bends down to get to work. But 
           commotion from down the street stops him. 

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        You will soon hear more of me with 
                        my funny little games.  

           Quickly, this killer leans down and KISSES the dying whore 
           and racing away before a few drunk Irishmen find the body.

           EXT. SLUMLORD LODGING HOUSE - THE SAME NIGHT

           Empty at this late hour. An old prostitute (CAT EDDOWES, 50s) 
           kisses her john goodbye as he buttons his trousers. 

           As he goes, someone watches Cat in the shadows. She notices.

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        The police and the papers ask who I 
                        am, but they ought be asking what.

           Cat opens her mouth to ask “who goes there?” But she never 
           gets to finish. 

           The two shiny points of claw or blade pierce into her womb 
           with the fury of a monster’s claws.
                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        Don’t worry, the next job I do 
                        shall clip the wings off London. A 
                        jolly good feast is coming. 

           The man with the gold watch GRABS Cat by the very wounds he 
           just slashed into her, yanking the woman back to him. 

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        No need to set a place for me, the 
                        whole world is my banquet. Praying 
                        won't help you, either - I don't 
                        answer to God or Devil.

           EXT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - FRONT/COURTYARD

           Lydia buys a newspaper from a NEWSBOY as the VO continues. 

                                 RIPPER (V.O.)
                        P.S. - Hope you don’t mind me 
                        giving the trade name. Yours truly- 
                        Jack the Ripper.

           We follow her as she clambers through a hole in the fence and 
           into the courtyard where all the girls are gathered around. 

           Lydia opens the paper and we see the headline:

                      Whitechapel’s Beast has a name: Jack The Ripper

                            East End Killer claims two more!! 
                 Read the letter from the killer - only in the London Star!

           On the front page is the now infamous wood-cutting of a girl 
           being murdered by the Ripper. The 40 Elephant girls can see 
           the picture, and they’re eyes are wide - terrified.

           Queenie YANKS the paper from Lydia’s hand and crumples it. 

           The girls look to Queenie. All except Ezz, who keeps her head 
           down, whittling a stick on one of the stoops.  

           The front bell rings from out in the bar as the door opens. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Tell whoever is out there we are 
                        closed. They can come back later.

                                 LEATHER APRON (O.S.)
                        Oh, I think you can open for me.

           He’s in the doorway to the courtyard, with his mane of silver 
           hair and crooked smile. With him, his cadre of PROSTITUTES.
                                 QUEENIE
                        Get out. You and your girls.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Aww, love. I’m just stopping by, 
                        seeing how you lot are doing.

           Pointing his cane to the crumbled newspaper -

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Shame about that. Two more dead. 

           He takes a step forward, but Queenie steps in front of him, 
           her message clear. Apron smiles at the escalating tension.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Just inquiring as to your welfare. 
                        Heard there’s been offers to buy 
                        this place...

                                 QUEENIE
                        Our welfare isn’t your concern.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Kind of is, though. I don’t like to 
                        see girls go hungry, live in fear. 
                        No matter who they work for. I’m a 
                        Christian man. Fact remains, The 
                        Forty Elephants can come back to my 
                        flock. Safety. Order. Walk alone, 
                        go quick. Together, go far. Right?

           This is why pimps have existed as long as whores - the devil 
           you know is always better than the devil you don’t.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        What about Queenie?

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        No more boss nonsense. I’d take 
                        that burden from her.

           Queenie’s had enough, pulling her staghandle patch BLADE from 
           the folds of her dress. Kosminski steps up, backing her.

           Apron’s girls close around him - brass knuckles, straight 
           razors, eye gougers, push daggers being pulled in a flash.

           They’re baiting Queenie into a fight, and Queenie’s the only 
           one who’s too angry to realize it. 

           Ezz watches nonchalantly from a chair in the bar - this isn’t 
           her fight. Lydia Hart, on the other hand, can see the tension 
           escalating. She quietly slips out the hole in the fence.
                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Ain’t there been enough death?
                        You’re going to let these girls die 
                        for you? Because, if you can’t keep 
                        ‘em safe, that’s what’ll happen. He 
                        ain’t touched my girls, has he? 

           Queenie knows - if she doesn’t fight back, she looks weak. If 
           she does fight back, she loses.  He’s got her.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Come on, let’s end this nonsense.

           One of Queenie’s girls begins to take a step towards Apron. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Not one step. Any of you.

           Queenie steps to her old pimp, gripping her knife.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        My girls. My gang. My rules. You 
                        act like you know what’s best for 
                        all in Whitechapel -

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        I am Whitechapel! 

           Motion from the back door of the kitchen. It’s Constable Dew.

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        What’s all this then?

           Lydia Hart is behind him. She ran and fetched him during the 
           standoff. 

           Leather Apron sees the cop and chuckles, unafraid.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Well played, Lydia.
                             (to the 40 Elephants)
                        The rest of you lot know where to 
                        find me if you’re tired of all the 
                        death and bloodshed... and there 
                        will be more of that. 

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        Enough! Out of here - all of you!

           Apron smiles at Queenie and leaves slow and lazy, his girls 
           after him. As he goes, Queenie is only focused on her gang: 

           Young girls - all fearing for their lives. 
           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - NIGHT

           The pub, normally rowdy, is subdued. Ezz and Kosminski sit at 
           the bar, Kosminski watching the door for trouble.

           An Irish jig BAND plays a tune in the pub’s corner - Fair 
           Emma tries to pull up men to dance.  

           Lizzie sits by Queenie, her cigarillo smoke wafting. Queenie 
           notices nervous glances from the girls. Morale is unraveling. 

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        We ought to strike at Apron. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        They’re young girls, not Traveller 
                        born like you. We’d die. And this 
                        Ripper would still be out there.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        So we jus’ sit? Wait n’ die? 

           Frustrated, Lizzie grabs the bottle and pours a big glass.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE (CONT'D)
                        Apologies. It’s just - I’m no 
                        confidante, no red right hand. That 
                        was Annie’s job to be ya ears. 

           The band finishes a song and the crowd gives a cheer, saving 
           Queenie from having to acknowledge Annie’s death.

           By the bar, Emma finishes a dance with a handsome gentlemen. 
           She sees Ezz. Emma races up to Ezz, ever smiling and giddy, 
           no matter the circumstances.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        Come, on - sing a song! Something 
                        of palm trees and sailing ships! 

                                 KOSMINSKI
                        Go on, miss. Sing something pretty.

           Ezz relents. Emma takes her hand.

           Ezz stands by the Irish band, taking a DRINK from one of 
           them. Silence falls over the Tenpenny.

           Then, in a mournful voice, she begins to sing.

                                 EZZ
                        Oh the tide is The Devil, 
                        it will run you out of breath. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        Race you to the seashore, 
                        chase you to your death. The tide 
                        is the very Devil and the Devil has 
                        his day, on the lonely conch banks 
                        of Morecambe Bay.

           The crowd falls silent as soon as she opens her mouth - 
           stunned.  Queenie watches Ezz sing, every man enraptured.

           An idea hits her, a hammer to a bell.  

                                 QUEENIE
                        I know what needs done.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        What’s dat?

                                 QUEENIE
                        How do you draw a wolf from the 
                        woods? 

           She doesn’t take her eyes off Ezz as she speaks -

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        You let out your lamb.

           EXT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - NIGHT                     

           November 11, 1888

           The protesters of The Vigilance Committee march - their 
           banners held high, singing hymns.

           At the doorway to the Tenpenny - Queenie, Fair Emma, Lizzie 
           and Kosminski are gathered - longcoat jackets pulled tight.

           Ezz is dressed the lightest, revealing bare shoulders and a 
           low cut bodice. She’s meant to be seen. Queenie looks to her -

                                 QUEENIE
                        This Ripper. You said you saw him. 
                        Describe him. Every detail. 

                                 EZZ
                        Black trench, black gentleman’s 
                        hat, shoes wingtip. Saw a Gold 
                        watch chain. Prince Edward style. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Brown or pale skinned?

                                 EZZ
                        Deep in shadows. Couldn’t see.
                                 QUEENIE
                        He would recognize you, though? 

                                 EZZ
                        I seen his eyes, and he seen mine. 

           Lydia pulls up alongside them in an open topped WAGON, the 
           same old nag she was driving before. Queenie nods, satisfied.

           She then hands Lizzie a SPYGLASS, while Kosminski gives 
           Queenie a hand mirror and a dock lantern. 

           The group waits as Queenie turns back to Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Time to keep your part of our 
                        bargain.
                             (softening)
                        Look... we catch this man - it’s 
                        going to help many people.

           Ezz gives a defeated laugh, already cold in the winter air.

                                 EZZ
                        That what you say to the worm when 
                        you go fishing?

                                 QUEENIE
                        When you set sights on him, whistle 
                        the signal. 

           Ezz nods to Queenie and the group disperses, heading off  
           into the darkness. 

           Only Fair Emma and Queenie remain.

                                 FAIR EMMA
                        I didn’t get a mirror. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Could get a bit unpleasant.

           Emma’s face falls. Queenie pulls out her knife for Emma.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Keep the girls safe. Lock each in 
                        their rooms. Open for no one you 
                        don’t know. Then, hide yourself 
                        away, too. I’m counting on you, Em. 

           Fair Emma nods, her big eyes beaming with pride. 

           With a smile, Queenie turns and disappears into the cold 
           night. 
           EXT. ST. MARY’S CIRCUS - NIGHT

           A small park in winter - the trees skeletal and the ground 
           frozen, buildings surrounding the small square are abandoned 
           and slated for District Railway’s destruction.

           Sitting at the border of Whitechapel and Spitalfields - this 
           park intersects the two worst neighborhoods in East End.

           It’s late - drunk soldiers stumble home as pubs close, 
           dumping wastewater into the street, puddles everywhere.

           Ezz walks the block alone - freezing in the cold. She clocks 
           someone behind her - on her right.

           Just a drunk Irish DOCKWORKER, stumbling home. Ezz gives him 
           the evil eye and he keeps walking. Ezz glances up, towards -

           THE ROOFTOPS

           High overhead, Queenie sits on the roof, back against a 
           chimney so as not to be seen from the road.

           But she has the hand mirror out - tilted DOWN so she can 
           watch Ezz on the street below. An unlit lantern sits by her. 

           ACROSS THE PARK

           On the opposite end of the park, along the edge of 
           Cardoborough Lane, a sober Lizzie sits on a different 
           rooftop, among flag poles jutting from the ledge.

           She watches through her spyglass and catches sight of Ezz 
           coming around the far side of the park. Lizzie peers down to -

           THE STREET BELOW

           Three stories down, Lydia and Kosminski sit on the same wagon 
           Lydia drove earlier, with Kosminski snoring in the back.  

           The old nag clops her hooves, nervous.

           EXT. ST. MARY’S CIRCUS - LATER THAT NIGHT

           Now, only Ezz walks the park’s edges, lips shaking. It’s one 
           degree above freezing tonight, her breath swirling.

           ON THE ROOFTOP

           Queenie sits, silent and committed. Like a gargoyle, she 
           watches the street below through her mirror. 
           ON THE STREET

           Ezz looks down: her boot untied, long laces soaked through 
           Whitechapel half-frozen muck and puddles.

           She mouths the word shit, then bends down to tie, when -

           Slow, uneven footfalls - somewhere to her right.

           Someone has just turned onto Barker’s road. Ezz hazards a 
           glance - tall, long black coat, hat. 

           It’s him. The Ripper. 

           He’s moving through the shadows along the south sidewalk, 
           tight against the buildings. 

           Ezz finishes tying and then continues walking away from him, 
           as if she doesn’t notice his presence. 

           Her breath gives her away - a frantic shiver in the cold air.  

           ON THE ROOFTOP

           Queenie keeps pace with Ezz, the mirror allowing her to see 
           the street below and not be seen peering over.

           But Queenie can’t see anyone in the shadows along the wall of 
           the building below her. Which is where the Ripper is. 

           Ezz realizes who is behind her. Quickly, she begins to 
           whistle Danny Boy. That’s the signal.

           Just as she does, somewhere a clock strikes - 4am.

           Could be Big Ben - but it’s hard to tell where sound comes 
           from in the twisted, narrow crooks and alleys in East End.

           But Queenie can’t hear Ezz over the clock’s chiming.

           ON THE STREET

           Ezz picks up her pace. Behind her - the Ripper gains. The 
           ringing of the clock drowns out her humming. She’s alone.

           ON THE ROOFTOP

           Queenie peers in the mirror, watching the street - it takes a 
           second, but she clocks it: No Ezz. 

           Queenie PEERS down to the street below. No Ezz. No Ripper. 

           She panics, hands shaking from the cold as she LIGHTS the 
           lantern, opening the slats full-bore.
           EXT. CARDBOROUGH LANE - ROOFTOP

           From Lizzie’s perch several blocks away, Queenie’s lantern 
           signal is easy to see. 

           Lizzie springs into action, BANGING On the flagpoles that jut 
           from the roof. The noise is piercing, alerting Lydia, who is -

           DOWN AT STREET LEVEL

           Lydia shoves Kosminski awake, then CRACKS the reins and the 
           old horse takes off towards Buck’s Row.

           EXT. BUCK’S ROW - STREET - NIGHT

           Queenie finishes her climb to street level, DASHING onto the 
           street, confusion and panic now gripping her like a vice.

           She looks up and down the street. Empty. Where is Ezz? 

           A woman’s SCREAM cuts through the bitter cold. In the winding 
           alleys of Whitechapel - it’s impossible to tell from where.

           EXT. BUCK’S ROW - DARK ALLEY

           Dead end alley. Whitechapel is full of them. Ezz has ducked 
           into one. But now, she has nowhere to go. 

           The Ripper stands in shadow at the mouth of alley. His long 
           black coat seems to fill the very air around him.

           Ezz backs against brick wall. She screams again - 

                                 EZZ
                        Shit! Queenie! Come on!

           Ezz pulls her cane knife, determined to go down swinging.

           At the mouth of the alley, a clatter of wagon wheels as 
           Lydia’s cart rounds the corner. Kosminski is on the back of 
           the wagon - his huge arms outstretched.

           Too late, the Ripper realizes - spinning towards the wagon 
           but entangled in his long coat. 

           With a grunt, Kosminski LEAPS from the wagon as it closes in, 
           arms outstretched like a silverback, tackling the Ripper.

           Kosminski stands, the Ripper still in his massive hands.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        Wait! 
           Ezz yanks aside the Ripper’s black trench and hat.

           It’s an OLD MAN, his elderly hands gnarled with rheumatoid 
           arthritis. He couldn’t hold a knife, even if he wanted to.

           Ezz is confused, but relieved on some primal level.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        But, this is his jacket...
                             (to the old man)
                        Where’d you get this?!

           The old man doesn’t answer.

           Queenie arrives a second later, out of breath and running 
           down the alley. She finds Kosminski pressing the old man 
           against the brick walls, squeezing the air out of him.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        This is the Ripper’s jacket and 
                        cap, but it ain’t him!

           Queenie motions for the Mad Jew to relent for a breath.

                                 QUEENIE
                             (to the Old Man)
                        Who gave you that jacket?

           No answer. Furious, Queenie grabs the old man by the face -

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I asked you a question.

           The old codger struggles with twisted hands to pull a NOTE 
           from his pocket. He hands it to Queenie. 

           These are the old hands we saw writing the letter for the 
           Ripper earlier.

           Queenie takes the folded paper - opening it, pupils widening 
           as she reads. 

           By Ezz and Kosminski, the lantern’s light shines on the Old 
           Man, and we glimpse of why he wasn’t talking:  

           Someone has recently cut out his tongue, neatly suturing the 
           fleshy stump in the back of his throat.

           As she finishes the letter, Queenie LEAPS into the back of 
           Lydia’s wagon, barking to Lydia -

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Tenpenny. Now!
           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - NIGHT

           Lydia drives the wagon as hard as she can. Queenie and Ezz 
           hold on for dear life. Kosminski has one hand on the wagon 
           and one gripping the old, tongueless man. 

           The piece of paper given to Queenie by the old man blows free 
           from her hand, and we follow it as it drifts to the street.

           Glimpsing the letter as the gutter water soaks into it:

           This is fun. 
           But all this cat and 
           Mouse has made me hungry.
           Going to leave you a 
           Little thank you gift. 

           EXT. THE TENPENNY LODGING HOUSE & PUB - NIGHT

           Lydia rounds the corner onto the south end of the street, the 
           Tenpenny up ahead, barely visible in the foggy darkness.

           Then, out of the shadows. A man. Tall and dark.

           This man doesn’t MOVE from out of the way of the wagon, 
           instead turning to face them. Shiny points, just like claws, 
           glimmer in the lamplight - dropping from his jacket. 

           Lydia’s wagon, not stopping, is about to mow him down. 

           Instead of moving, the Ripper swings his unseen weapon - 
           SLASHING the horse across the belly and shoulders. 

           The horse screams, slipping in the half-frozen street. 

           Her equine front leg snaps like kindling, splitting under her 
           own weight, her big body TWISTING in the hitch of the wagon.

           The wagon rolls, spilling its riders. All except for Lydia, 
           who’s pinned under the shattered and broken wagon.

           Slowly, the man in the street walks away - but not before Ezz 
           and he lock eyes. It’s him. The Ripper. No missing this time. 

           Ezz points. Kosminski SEES the man walking away from the 
           Tenpenny. He ignores his own wounds and gives chase.

           The man with no tongue stumbles to his feet. Tossed free from 
           the wreck, he limps off into the night.

           Queenie ignores him, instead racing inside as Ezz struggles 
           to pull Lydia from under the dead horse.
           EXT. THE TENPENNY LODGING HOUSE & PUB - COURTYARD - NIGHT

           Queenie, ignoring her own cuts and scratches, races in.

           All is quiet. A dull glow from one room. A few candles lit in 
           the windows. Room four. Queenie races forward, struggling 
           with number four’s handle.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. No. No. Em! Emma!

           Locked. She SLAMS her body weight against the door. Once. 
           Twice. Tears welling in her eyes.

           BOOM! Finally, the old pine door and its pinbolt lock gives 
           way with a splinter and Queenie SPILLS into -

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - ROOM FOUR

           The candles inside are still burning, casting everything in 
           that flickering shimmer. 

           But we can see good enough. A lace garter. Legs. A hand, 
           dangling off the bed. 

           And blood. Everywhere. On the wall, in blood, symbols of the 
           rakshasa. Queenie lets out a strangled cry.

           Emma Kelly has been sliced open, pieces of her strewn about. 

           Stabbed into the floor with Queenie’s own silver knife is a 
           note. Queenie rips it free with a shaking hand. The letter is 
           written in a shaky, bloody scrawl.

           Your turn. - Jack The Ripper 

           P.S. I did love that Caribbean girl’s singing. 
           She’ll sing for me soon enough. 

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREET -  NIGHT

           Kosminski races down the street, away from the Tenpenny and 
           the accident scene - faint screams in the distance as more 
           girls discover Emma’s body.

           The noise has begun rousing the locals from sleep, lanterns 
           flicking on and windows opening. Somewhere, a police whistle. 

           Kosminski gains on the man that they nearly hit with their 
           wagon. Hard to view in the darkness and fog, but this man is 
           well-dressed, no trench coat - a medical bag in his hand. 
           Kosminski’s pace increases as the man he’s following suddenly 
           DUCKS a quick left, sidestepping in an alley. 

           The Mad Jew knows this is their man - because he’s not 
           running towards the scene of the crime - but away from it.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL ALLEY - NIGHT

           Kosminski races down the alley as the man he’s pursuing 
           smashes through a wooden door into an abandoned church. 

           INT. ABANDONED CHURCH 

           Kosminski enters, angry and huffing. All around him - 
           crucifix, a toppled Virgin Marys, broken pews, an old pulpit. 

           The waning moon shines through the broken stained glass. He 
           catches movement to ahead of him -

           The Ripper is waiting in the shadows. They face each other, 
           each at opposite ends of the hall. Silently, taking stock.

           Kosminski charges towards the Ripper, knocking aside pews 
           like an enraged bull.

           The two men collide. A crack of bone and Kosminski sends him 
           spinning. The collision may have broken a few of the Ripper’s 
           ribs. Hard to say in the darkness.

           Kosminski looks down - a slash on his side. He watches as the 
           Ripper stands from amongst the broken pews. 

           Kosminski pulls his barber’s straight razor, ready to fight.

           The Ripper SMILES, and we glimpse his teeth - bits of sinewy 
           raw flesh and blood in his mouth. Pieces of Emma.

           With a roar, Kosminski charges again.

           The Ripper charges, as well - two points of metal glinting in 
           moonlight. His weapon, like the metal claws of some beast. 

           The two men meet in mid-attack, like Gods of Old colliding.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL ALLEY - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER

           The sounds of Police whistles and gathering crowds fade into 
           the background as Queenie rushes into the alley, searching.

           At the end of the alley, she sees the broken wood from the 
           door where the Ripper and Kosminski forced their way in.
                                 QUEENIE
                        Pay some dockmen - foreigners, not 
                        locals - to bury him. Pay extra to 
                        keep it off book. Unmarked grave. 
                        Bury tonight. And patch yourself 
                        up. Enough blood for one night.

           INT./EXT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - ROOM FOUR - DAWN 

           The scene of Emma’s murder, golden hour - the daylight red 
           and soft - giving the blood on the wall an even tone.

           Emma’s body still lies splayed on the bed - unseeing eyes 
           still open. Police and Inspectors walk around the body.

           Commissioner Warren is there, watching as one of the 
           Constables SCRUB the bloody Rakshasa symbols from the walls.

           Outside Room Four, more police - struggling to keep onlookers 
           and press at bay. Word has spread - the Ripper struck again.

           Warren motions to Constable Dew, standing nearby.

                                 COMISSIONER WARREN
                        Let the press in, Dew. They want 
                        their pictures, let them have them.

           A PHOTOGRAPHER, lugging his huge silver oxide flash, crams 
           into the crime scene, tracking blood and snapping photos of 
           Fair Emma’s corpse. 

           One day, these will be the most famous crime scene photos 
           ever taken.

           Across the courtyard, watching from balconies and windows - 
           the girls of the 40 Elephants watch, eyes red from crying.  

           Queenie with Thomas Bulling, who examines the pendant she 
           took from Kosminski’s dead hands.

                                 BULLING
                        Attaches to a pocketwatch chain. 
                        Double Albert Style clasp. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Find out what you can about the 
                        symbol on it. Tell no one.

           Bulling nods, pocketing the pendant, and leaves.

           Drunken Lizzie and Lydia Hart (now bandaged from the 
           accident) walk up to Queenie, handing her the Ripper’s note. 
                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        He’d been watching us. Was in our 
                        pub. Under our fucking noses. Emma 
                        must’ve known him. Door was locked 
                        when I arrived. She let him in. 

                                 LYDIA HART
                        How long?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Too long for Emma.

           Queenie catches Aberline watching her.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Lizzie, tell our girls to speak to 
                        no constables. Not a whisper. Give 
                        false names - I don’t want the 
                        papers or police to have the facts. 
                        We don’t know who we can trust now.

                                 PRIEST (PRE-LAP)
                        Trust unto the Lord, and he shall  
                        grant unto you a perpetual light -

           EXT. ST PATRICK'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CEMETERY - MORNING

           November 19, 1888

           An old CATHOLIC PRIEST gives the eulogy for Emma, standing by 
           the modest gravestone that will one day be a tourist trap.

                                 PRIEST
                        Welcome them into paradise, Lord
                        Where there will be no sorrow -

           The funeral is attended by the 40 Elephant girls and a few of 
           the Johns who “loved” her, standing over the grave.

           Even Leather Apron and his girls are there - well dressed and 
           leaving a huge bouquet of flowers on the coffin.

           Queenie, paranoid and exhausted, stands towards the back. 

           Lydia taps Queenie’s foot - nodding towards Inspector 
           Aberline and his detectives among the tombstones.  

           They’re not mourning - they’re watching Queenie, whispering 
           to one another. Queenie glances around the graveyard - Apron 
           watches her, hungrily. 

           And, worst of all - somewhere the Ripper waits, as well.
           EXT. WHITECHAPEL - STREET CORNER - DUSK

           The sun sets, cold clinging to the dirty streets. Queenie’s 
           breath swirls around her as she walks, her head down.

           Up ahead, Thomas Bulling waits, shivering in the cold. His 
           eyes dart back and forth, watching every window and door.

           She walks, Bulling keeps pace beside her. They speak low, 
           weaving between roasting chestnuts and snow covered wagons.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You don’t look well. Go easy on the 
                        pipe. And no more gin - just beer. 

           She’s right. He’s pale and sallow, sunken eyes, unshaven.

                                 BULLING
                        What I wish it were. The Ripper’s 
                        letters increase.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Hasn’t he always sent you his 
                        letters? The Star prints enough.

                                 BULLING
                        Not like this. Only a fraction of 
                        the letters we get go to print. 
                        Some are too... gruesome, even for 
                        our readers. 

           Bulling hacks out the next bit between ragged coughs.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        His notes are changing. More 
                        brazen. Focused. Grand.

                                 QUEENIE
                        He’s getting cocky. 

                                 BULLING
                        Perhaps. He says I’m to be his 
                        herald - whatever that means. But 
                        that’s not the worst. His newest 
                        letters, what he claims he’s going 
                        to do to all of London soon... 

           Bulling glances around nervously.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Easy, Bulling. This Ripper is still 
                        just a man. One that preys on fear. 
                                 BULLING
                        You’re telling me you’re not? 
                        Afraid, I mean?

                                 QUEENIE
                        My work, you can’t show fear.

                                 BULLING
                        Fear is a poison, and not a fast-
                        acting one. My editors run these 
                        letters and panic sets in. The 
                        Coppers blame a military man and 
                        the military says it's an East 
                        Russian and the Russians blame the 
                        Welsh who blame the Jews and the 
                        Jews blame the East Indians and on 
                        and on. He's ripping this city 
                        apart, not just whores. 

           Bulling shoves the gold watch pendant into her hand.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        I searched on your little bauble. 
                        Weren’t easy. East India Trading 
                        Company. Struck before 1835 when 
                        the company declared bankruptcy.

                                 QUEENIE
                        They ran out of money?

           Bulling actually laughs, breath swirling.

                                 BULLING
                        The rich don’t run out of money - 
                        they just get better at hiding it.
                        There’s a smith’s mark on the 
                        clasp. Custom made - most likely 
                        for a singular, wealthy family. 
                        Only the highest ranking members 
                        would've had that. But they haven’t 
                        made these watches since the 1700s.  

                                 QUEENIE
                        So, an heirloom? Can’t be many.

                                 BULLING
                        There's still plenty who could've 
                        had that watch. Old families. Money 
                        stretching back to the damn Romans.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Where do they live? These families 
                        that would’ve had this pendant?
                                 BULLING
                        Wherever they want. They’re rich. 
                        I’ve got a list of homes through 
                        bank records. Weren’t easy to get. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        This killer has to have a lair, a 
                        home, a base in the city. 

                                 BULLING
                        You don’t understand, love. Dozen 
                        of homes in London. Factories. Even 
                        a damn Castle out near Wales.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Then the 40 Elephants will watch 
                        them all. He’s out there.

           Up ahead, they near the Tenpenny, but Queenie turns and heads 
           out into the night.

                                 BULLING
                        Where’re you going? It’s freezing!

                                 QUEENIE
                        I’ve one more stop.

           EXT. PAUPER’S GRAVEYARD - THAT NIGHT

           At an unmarked grave. A cheap, pine casket is lowered in. Big 
           enough to hold Kosminski, it takes three MEN to do the job.

           Standing alone at the edge of the grave is Queenie, eyes red.   

           Once lowered, the MEN look to Queenie, who NODS silently and 
           they begin filling in the grave. 

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - NEXT MORNING

           Ezz, Lydia and Lizzie are gathered around a table as battle 
           plans are being drawn up.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We call due any favor we have for 
                        information on the members of this 
                        East India Company. And then we 
                        watch them. Their homes. Holdings. 
                        Properties. Night and day.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Watching for what?
                                 QUEENIE
                        He’ll come and go at odd hours, 
                        return before sun-up. Keep an ear 
                        out for anyone of the medical, 
                        veterinary or butcher livelihoods.  
                        Any man with business connections 
                        to India or the near East. I 
                        suspect he’s got money, so he’ll 
                        have the ability to pay assistants, 
                        maybe even coppers on the take.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        If we check all these places, the 
                        girls won’t have time to work.

           Queenie points to the near empty bar. No work, either way.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We can wait for him to pluck us one 
                        by one, or take the fight to him.

           Ezz, agreeing, has her knife on the table, angry.

                                 EZZ
                        I’ll watch the -

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. You’re the only one who can 
                        identify him. And he knows who you 
                        are. I can’t risk it.

           Ezz doesn’t like this, being caged. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        We’ve got one thing in our favor, 
                        ladies - this Ripper sees us as 
                        just a bunch of whores. Let him 
                        think that.

           Galloping hooves fill our ears, and we find ourselves racing 
           along the -

           EXT. EDGE OF LONDON - DAY

           Lydia Hart rides a horse out of London, fast as the gelding 
           will go. She’s headed for the dark woods, west of the city.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - DAY

           The protests of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee have 
           turned violent, harassing locals immigrants - blamed for 
           being the same nationality as the Ripper.  
           Fists are thrown as a fight breaks out, and the police (one 
           of them Constable Dew) struggle to break it up.

           Queenie stands nearby, shawl pulled tight against her to keep 
           out the cold, watching the chaos of the neighborhood.

           She turns to head back towards the Tenpenny. 

           Up ahead, a MAN hammers something onto her front door.

           Queenie approaches and he’s quick to scuttle off, papers 
           blowing in the wind. On her door, a paper has been nailed.

           Queenie rips it down and reads -

                               NOTICE OF TAXATION DELIQUINCY
                                   Debtor’s Foreclosure

           Dates and formalities crowd this page, written in perfect 
           scrawl. The details don’t matter - the noose is tightening.

           Queenie crumples the paper, glancing across the street.

           In an ornate carriage - Mister Herring of District Railway 
           watches. Queenie meets his gaze, tossing the paper to the 
           street. He gives a skeletal smile, rapping on the roof.

           The carriage takes off, nearly running down Queenie as it 
           goes.

           EXT. OLD CITY - WALBROOK WARD - DAY

           Drunken Lizzie, now dressed like a wealthy trophy wife, 
           pushes a pram (with no baby in it) through posh Old London.

           On the long main street of homes, Lizzie glances around. 
           Easily a dozen police officers, each on different corners. 

           One notices her, ambling away from the English and Spanish 
           Baroque style doorsteps and heading her way. Afraid of being 
           made, Lizzie pushes the empty pram away.

           EXT. RUPERRA CASTLE - EAST WALES - DAY

           Days have passed. Lydia Hart is in the deep woods, watching 
           an overgrown CASTLE among the dead trees. 

           Lydia is bundled against the cold, settled in the boughs of 
           an ash tree, peering through her spyglass at the castle.

           SPYGLASS POV: On the old stone transom above the entryway to 
           the castle is a symbol: THE EAST INDIA TRADING COMPANY. 
           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - PUB

           Girls report back to Queenie, whispering in her ear. Judging 
           by their faces - the news isn’t useful. 

           EXT. RUPERRA CASTLE - WOODS - DAY

           December 20, 1888

           More time has passed, now snow falls in the woods. Lydia is 
           half asleep, high in her watching perch among the branches. 

           Noises awaken her, and she sits up. There, at the great 
           castle - wagons are arriving. 

           On the wagons - decorations, chairs, chefs, servants. Lydia 
           sneaks closer, overhearing workers as they chatter and work.

           We can’t hear what Lydia hears, but whatever it is makes her 
           eyes go wide, and she quickly races back through the woods. 

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - BAR 

           Business is bad, like everywhere in Whitechapel.

           Queenie sits at the bar, open ledger in front of her. Drunken 
           Lizzie sits beside her, nursing a drink. 

           Ezz stares out the windows, stir crazy. She spies something 
           coming through the windows and stands, nervous.

           Lydia bursts in, winded - snow on her jacket falling free.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        That castle, with the East India 
                        symbol... Something’s happening. 
                        Men from all over England - fox 
                        hunting, I overheard them talking. 
                        Wives and girlfriends coming in for 
                        some huge ball or banquet.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        So? The rich’re always carrying on -

                                 QUEENIE
                        When? When is the ball?

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Tomorrow night, they said.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Hmm. That’s Winter Solstice.
                                 EZZ
                        What’s that?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Old calendar dates - longest nights 
                        of the year.  Bulling always said 
                        he thought there was a pattern.

           Queenie points to the date on the newspaper.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        The Rainham body parts fell on 
                        Summer Solstice, in June. Annie was 
                        killed on the Autumnal Equinox. 
                        Both right on the day. Once is 
                        coincidence, two is a message. 
                        Tomorrow is the Winter Solstice.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Could be random - this Ripper’s 
                        killed a lot more than just that.

                                 QUEENIE
                        This killer is many things - but 
                        not random.  If East India is 
                        gathering, this is our best chance 
                        to get all these types together.  

                                 EZZ
                        Seems a gamble.

                                 QUEENIE
                        A bigger gamble is sitting here, 
                        waiting for him to pluck us like a 
                        fox in the hen house.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        But this isn’t just some banquet - 
                        it’s a ball. Masquerade.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Christ. We’ll never find ‘im.

                                 QUEENIE
                        But he won’t be able to find us, 
                        either. We’ve got an advantage.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        You don’t understand, ma’am. This 
                        isn’t just some place you can walk 
                        in on a Sunday stroll.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Well, then we best be invited.
           INT. WEST ENGLISH WOODS - ROAD - NIGHT

           Dark forest of scots pine, silver birch and ash. A wooded 
           road cuts through this forest like a single vein. A LUXURY 
           CARRIAGE makes its way, the DRIVER cracking the whip hard. 

           INT. LUXURY CARRIAGE

           Jewelry, lace, petticoat, frills and too much makeup. WEALTHY 
           HOUSEWIVES (40s-50s) giggle and gossip in the carriage.

                                 WEALTHY HOUSEWIFE #1
                        - and I said, ‘she isn’t even 
                        pretty for a mistress!’

           The other women laugh, gargoyles of wealth and privilege. 
           Outside, the carriage SLOWS, the women look around, annoyed.

                                 WEALTHY HOUSEWIFE #2
                        What’s this? We’re already late.

                                 DRIVER (O.S.)
                        Apologies, ma’am. Up ahead -

           EXT. WEST ENGLISH WOODS - ROAD - NIGHT

           The trees hang low over this road, blocking moonlight. 

           The luxury carriage approaches a WAGON, lying on its side. 

           A poor and filthy WOMAN stumbles from the wreckage. The 
           wealthy carriage slows for her.

                                 WOMAN
                        Bless your heart! Axle broke - my 
                        horse jumped da’ bridle!

           The wealthy women raise the shades to peer out. Annoyed, the 
           lead Housewife shouts up to the driver -

                                 WEALTHY HOUSEWIFE #1
                        Just a local plowgirl. Christ, 
                        don’t stop. We’ll miss the party!

           The door to the carriage flings open. The poor woman is 
           Lizzie, yanking off her rags, big knife in hand.

                                 LIZZIE
                        Not very Christian, eh ladies?

           Queenie and Ezz step from the treeline, waving the driver 
           down. He reaches for his hunting rifle, under the bench seat.
           But Lydia has dropped down from the branches overhead, onto 
           the roof of the carriage. 

           She puts her blade to the back of his neck - she shakes her 
           head “no.”

           EXT. WEST ENGLISH WOODS - NIGHT 

           A short distance from the road, under the cover of trees, the 
           wealthy women are now half-naked, cold in the winter night.

           Queenie stokes a small fire, while Lydia holds the driver and 
           the women at gun point with the driver’s shotgun.

           Lizzie smiles, wearing one of the women’s fine dresses.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Nice enough to be buried in.

                                 WEALTHY HOUSEWIFE #2
                        Why are you doing this? What about 
                        women uniting together? Suffrage? 
                        Unity for the fairer sex?

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Cow, we ain’t nothing alike.

           Lizzie YANKS off the woman’s earring. One of the housewives 
           SCREAMS, fainting at the sight of a few drops of blood.

           Lydia pulls back the hammer on the gun, cocking it to fire.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We don’t do that. Tie them up  by 
                        the fire so they don’t freeze.

           Ezz pulls rope to tie the women up, and Queenie grabs one of 
           their fancy dresses left hanging from a branch. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Beg pardon, ladies. But we’ve a 
                        party to attend.

           INT. RUPERRA CASTLE - MAIN HALL

           Hundreds of shiny, bejeweled masks adorn PARTY GOERS.

           Venetian style - a menagerie of wealth and debauchery.

           Among fresh holly and pine boughs, huge candles burn. The 
           centerpiece of which is a massive yule log, 12 feet long and 
           burning. Goat and lamb cook whole, right on the wood. 
           Opulent yet somehow primitive and ancient - there’s an 
           unnerving, pagan-like quality to the whole affair.

           Guards, in half-faced porcelain masks, are everywhere.

           Queenie and her girls enter - Lydia wears the mask of a 
           turquoise butterfly, Ezz a white and black mouse, Queenie a 
           blood-red Parisian courtesan and Lizzie a purple jester.

                                 LIZZIE
                        We’ll never find ‘im in all this.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No, but we can look for the broken  
                        chain. Look for a double Albert 
                        chain with no pendant. Lydia, the 
                        door. Make sure they don’t net us.

           The hall is crowded, while an octet of musicians (all of 
           their faces blindfolded) perform classics with precision.

           The musicians begin a Victorian Ballroom Dance - where the 
           women and men dance in circular patterns, swapping partners 
           as they elegantly pass back and forth between the crowd.

           A few GENTLEMEN dancers notice the unaccompanied women. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Join the dance when they ask us.

                                 EZZ
                        I don’t want to dance. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        We draw attention if we don’t.

           The Gentlemen approach, bowing with hands out to ask for a 
           dance without a word (the custom at the time).

           Queenie catches the hand of a man nearest her and is swept up 
           in the dance. Next goes Lizzie. Finally, Ezz joins the dance.

           From overhead, the dance swirls and ebbs like some singular 
           organism - a flock of starlings, a hurricane or bacteria. 

           The musicians pick up the tempo. Soon dresses, masks, hands 
           and arms become a blur.

           WITH QUEENIE

           A skilled chameleon, Queenie matches the steps, watching each 
           dancer with barely a tilt of the head.  Her eyes on pockets, 
           belts and vests - any sign of an errant watch chain.   
           DRUNKEN LIZZIE

           With her prey none the wiser, Lizzie begins lifting watch 
           chains from the men she dances with, careful to replace the 
           pocket watches before she is passed to the next dancer.

           WITH EZZ

           Ezz tries to get a glimpse at the eyes behind the masks of 
           the men she dances with. 

           But Ezz is small and untrained in ballroom dance. Clumsy and 
           confused, she’s constantly turning the wrong way, getting 
           sideways glances and mumbles from others.

           Ezz stumbles, banging into a woman. Someone steps on the 
           train of her dress. Ezz falls, other dancers ignoring her.

                                 MALE DANCER (O.S.)
                        Apologies, the guests are savages.

                                 EZZ
                        Thank you, I -

           She glances up.  A gentleman DANCER holds out his hand. He’s 
           wearing a PLAGUE DOCTOR MASK, the eyeholes blacked out. 

           No way to see his eyes. Ezz takes his hand and he helps her 
           up. Then, she glances down, at the man’s suit vest -

           No pendant on his chain. Shit. It’s him. The Ripper.

                                 THE RIPPER
                        Here, allow me. I’ll show you.

           His voice is kind. Ezz realizes - He doesn’t know who she is.

           Ezz glances left and right - surrounded by dancers, bumping 
           against them.  She can’t scream or she’ll reveal they’ve 
           crashed this party. 

           But the Ripper can’t alert anyone of their presence, without 
           revealing what he is, as well.

           He shows Ezz the steps as they dance. Taking his white-gloved 
           hand, Ezz catches the turns. He’s a good teacher.

           Then, when he turns Ezz in a closed position, their heads 
           pass near each other. He whispers in a flash -

                                 RIPPER
                        I could knick your femoral artery 
                        and you’d bleed out. Before the 
                        others even know you were cut.
           Ezz stumbles backwards, pulling her mask off in a panic. The 
           Ripper catches the mask, gently placing it on her again. 

           Ezz reaches for her blade - but the Ripper puts his hand on 
           hers. Knowing what she’s doing, he caresses her bare arm.

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        I’ve always learned it’s best to 
                        keep your prey watching your left 
                        hand, so they don’t notice the 
                        knife in your right.

           Ezz catches the glint of two metal points, inching out the 
           edge of his sleeve - a blade, ready to plunge into her.

           WITH QUEENIE

           Queenie sees Ezz with the man in the plague doctor mask. 

           She tries to push her way through the crowd, but other 
           gentlemen grab her hand. Nearby, guards notice.

           Queenie signals Lizzie. With a nod born from years of 
           practice, Queenie is able to give Lizzie the direction of Ezz 
           with just the tilt of her head.

           WITH LIZZIE

           Dancing near the banquet table, Lizzie sees Queenie’s signal 
           and makes her way towards Ezz. 

           WITH EZZ

           The Ripper still holds Ezz, fingers entwined. They begin to 
           dance again - he won’t let Ezz go.

           She glances up at his plague mask - long, conical snout, and 
           blacked out eyes - birdlike, only hellish and skeletal.

           Ezz catches sight of the two shiny metal points - some kind 
           of knife or blade up his sleeve. 

           He moves the blade to her neck, ready to cut Ezz’s throat - 
           but there’s a flash of movement and Ezz is pulled free. 

           Drunken Lizzie YANKS Ezz away from the Ripper - The older 
           prostitute standing between the Ripper and his target.

           There’s a flash of movement, kept low to not alarm other 
           dancers - a chaos of limbs in time to music.

           The Ripper gasps, a clang of metal as the blade he was 
           holding hits the floor - but the noise is swallowed by the 
           sound of the music and stomping of feet during the dance.
           The Ripper clutches his bleeding hand.

           A large banquet FORK is stabbed into the back of his hand - 
           the only weapon Lizzie could grab from the banquet table. 

           Ezz sees the Ripper’s knife on the ground and goes to grab 
           the weapon, and we finally get a look at the murder weapon: 

           Well over a foot long, the blade is deeply curved with large, 
           serrated teeth. Its tip has two points, like claws. It’s a 
           horrifying weapon, foreign and violent from point to pommel.

           Ezz drapes the hem of her dress over the blade, covering it 
           from any eyes of the other dancers.

           Queenie arrives to their location. But the Ripper is already 
           gone, swallowed by the crowd. He could be anywhere.

           The musicians finish their performance and the crowd claps. 

           Exposed in the middle of the dance, Queenie pulls her two 
           girls to the shadows in the corner of the hall.

           INT. RUPERRA CASTLE - GREAT HALL - COLUMNS

           Off to the side of the dance floor, ugly and squat columns - 
           a perfect hiding spot. Lizzie, Ezz and Queenie stand behind 
           the columns, the Ripper’s knife in Queenie’s possession.

           Lydia Hart dashes from around the corner, winded.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Where is he? The Ripper?

                                 EZZ
                        Out there. Somewhere.

           There’s a sea of people between them and the door, the Ripper 
           like a shark somewhere in that water of bodies.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        We need to tell someone.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. If we scream, we’re caught. 
                        We’re in his territory. We need to 
                        get this knife back to the city and 
                        tell someone what we’ve found.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Shit. We’ve been made.

           Lydia nods towards the door. 
           The women they took the masks from - the wealthy wives - are 
           at the entrance, in their undergarments. One of the women 
           POINTS in their direction.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Whatever you pick, you ladies 
                        better make it quick.

           Lizzie swallows hard, and pointing to her dress - blood soaks 
           through the fabric near her thigh.

           The Ripper got her. Femoral artery. 

           EXT. RUPERRA CASTLE - NIGHT 

           A carriage speeds away from the castle, horses moving fast.  
           Lydia drives the carriage, tossing her new mask in the mud.

           INT. CARRIAGE 

           Lizzie leans back, Ezz clamps down on her leg as the carriage 
           rumbles and bounces.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Hold it tight! Hold the wound 
                        tight!

           Blood is everywhere - having seeped through Lizzie’s dress, 
           quarts of it, sloshing on the floor.

           Queenie looks to Lizzie, and the wild Irish whore smiles.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        You’ll be fine. We’ll get you to a 
                        local doctor. There’s a town not -

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE
                        Don’t think so, love. 

           She laughs, but her face is pale. Queenie fights back tears.

                                 DRUNKEN LIZZIE (CONT'D)
                        Least I don’t have to get old and 
                        lose my looks... like you... 

           Lizzie tries to laugh at her own joke, as she always does - 
           but her eyes begin to go glassy, pupils dilating.

           They can do nothing as Lizzie fades. 

           Queenie holds her hand as the blood soaks through, dripping 
           out of the carriage.
           EXT. EAST LONDON - SPITAFIELDS ALLEY - NIGHT

           The carriage the Elephants stole earlier sits in an alley.

           Lydia, Ezz and Queenie stare down onto the street. In front 
           of them, neatly wrapped, is Drunken Lizzie’s body.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        This don’t seem right, ma’am.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We’re near London Hospital. They’ll 
                        find the body.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        We should give her a proper burial.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We’d be exposed. We have to stay to 
                        the shadows.

           Ezz says a silent prayer over the corpse while they argue.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Seems wrong. It’s Lizzie... she’s 
                        been with you longer than I ha-

                                 QUEENIE
                        Enough! She dead! That’s it!

           This stings Lydia. Queenie turns to Ezz, holding the blade.  

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        We’ll take this blade, the watch, 
                        and what we’ve learned and we’ll 
                        get help. Lydia, head back to the 
                        Tenpenny and ready the girls.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Ready for what?

                                 QUEENIE
                        He’ll strike back at us. We’ve 
                        scared him.

                                 EZZ
                        No, we didn’t. I heard his voice - 
                        you didn’t. He’s not afraid.

                                 QUEENIE
                        What is he, then?

                                 EZZ
                        Entertained.
           INT. PRINTING WAREHOUSE

           It’s the middle of the night, but the printing presses still 
           run - only a skeleton crew to maintain them.

           Queenie and Ezz walk quickly among the rumbling machines.

                                 EZZ
                        Why are we here now?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Bulling can help us. The public 
                        will believe him if he writes about 
                        what we found. 

           In the far corner, the door to Bulling’s office is dark.

           Queenie glances to see if any of the workmen notice, then 
           hands Ezz the Ripper’s wrapped blade and pulls LOCKPICKS from 
           her pockets, approaching the door.

           INT. PRINTING WAREHOUSE - BULLING’S OFFICE

           With the clunk of a deadbolt, the door swings open. A shaft 
           of light drifting into the dark and cluttered office. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        You’re a hard man to find, Thomas. 
                        Hop Sing said you hadn’t been in to 
                        smoke in days.  We’ve got evidence -

           She stops as she steps inside, immediately clocking something 
           is wrong.  But it is Ezz who notices the blood first.

                                 BULLING (O.S.)
                        Solstice... seven chakras... Red 
                        nile... can’t. Won’t. Can’t. Won’t.

           It’s Bulling, whispering, like insects Buzzing.

                                 QUEENIE 
                        Thomas?

                                 BULLING (O.S.)
                        You shouldn’t have come looking for 
                        me, Queenie. I’m not yours 
                        anymore... he said I’m his now.

           A scuttle of movement. Then, a glimpse of Bulling passes 
           through the shaft of light from the door.

           He’s naked save for tattered trousers, his skin cut in a 
           hundred places.
           In each place, the symbol of Rakshasas carved into his flesh, 
           the wounds scabbed over. Torso, arms, neck, cheek.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Christ, Thomas!

           Bulling looks towards Queenie - his eyes looking through her.

                                 BULLING
                        He told me to stay here, to wait 
                        and publish his letter just when he 
                        said. Said I’m his herald now.

           INSERT: Flashes of Bulling being lashed down, while the 
           Ripper slashes symbols into his flesh - Bulling’s screams 
           drowned out by the rumbling machinery.

           Ezz notices a peculiar piece of blood-stained piece of paper 
           on the desk and picks it up -

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        Put that down!

           It’s more of a screech, and Bulling lunges at Ezz. But she’s 
           quick and has the Ripper’s blade out in a flash.  

           Bulling collapses on the floor at the sight of the blade. 

           Queenie yanks Ezz back and takes the letter. She reads it. 

           Dear Boss, you’ve been a good little 
           worker ant, toiling with your words and 
           machines. But all seasons end, and the 
           Rakshasa has nearly eaten his full.

           Come seven breaths from Winter’s darkest 
           night, the seven chakras will be served, 
           and our own filthy Nile will run red. A 
           night London will never forget.

           Let the final feast begin.

           The note goes on, descending into chaotic symbols and scrawl.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Has anyone seen this letter?

           Bulling shakes his head no. Queenie folds the letter, 
           grabbing Bulling’s coat off the rack, putting it over him. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Bulling, we need to get you on a 
                        train. Tonight. Get you out of the 
                        city.
                                 BULLING
                        Why?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Because, if this letter is right - 
                        London is about to get bloody. 

           EXT./INT. THE TENPENNY LODGING HOUSE & PUB - NIGHT’

           In the dead of night, the streets are nearly empty, Queenie 
           and Ezz headed towards the front door of the Tenpenny.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Wake the girls, I’ll get Lydia 
                        prepared. With the blade and the 
                        letter, we’ve finally got proof.

           At this late hour, the Tenpenny is closed. Queenie unlocks 
           the door with an old skeleton key, pushing it open into - 

           INT. THE TENPENNY PUB & LODGING HOUSE - PUB

           Darkness. Then - Fwsshh. The sound of lanterns catching.

           The darkness recedes, casting the pub in a yellow-orange 
           glow. A lantern held by Leather Apron.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Hello, love. What took you so long?

           More lanterns catch, Queenie and Ezz are surrounded. 

           She can see her own 40 Elephants are mixed in with Leather 
           Apron’s girls, Lydia Hart in the back along with them.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Your girls’ve asked for a change in 
                        leadership. As of now, 40 Elephants 
                        have been dissolved. Time has come 
                        for a more steady hand at the helm.

           Queenie looks to Lydia, who can’t even meet her gaze.

                                 QUEENIE
                        But girls, we've found the Ripper!  
                        We can fight back! 

           Lydia won’t answer, but Apron motions her forward. 

                                 LYDIA HART
                        So more can die? Like Annie, then 
                        Emma - then Lizzie out in the cold?
           Queenie is furious - ready to kill her, but Apron can sense 
           it, stepping beside Lydia. His protection has already begun.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Lydia’s doing what you should’ve 
                        had the stones to. True leadership. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        You’re no leader, you’re a thug.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        The girls will come and stay with 
                        me. Under my roof. My protection.

                                 40 ELEPHANT GIRL
                        What about Queenie?

           Apron offers a hand to Queenie, giving a smile.

           Finally losing her cool, Queenie reaches for her knife, and 
           Apron SLAPS her across the face. 

           Queenie drops to her knees - Apron’s slap is as hard as a 
           fist from a normal man.

                                 LYDIA HART
                        You said no killing! You promised!

           Lydia puts her hand on his strong arm, pleading.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        I did. And I didn’t kill her. Yet.
                             (to the other girls)
                        Unlike your Queenie here, who 
                        promised to keep you safe - I keep 
                        my word. 

           Queenie stands - breath calm as she looks at her Elephants. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Please, girls. Sometimes safety 
                        ain’t worth what it costs. A too 
                        tight corset will suffocate the 
                        breath out of you. Even if it is a 
                        bonney sight.

           A few of the younger girls have tears in their eyes. Lydia 
           swallows hard, unsure. But Apron steps towards Queenie.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Go. I see you again, I’ll kill you. 

           The same threat Queenie gave Ezz all those nights ago.
           Without a word, Queenie stumbles to her feet, blood pouring 
           freely from her split lip as she leaves the pub.

           After she goes, Leather Apron holds out his hand to Ezz.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        What about you, little mouse? Heard 
                        you’re quite the pickpocket. No 
                        need to follow Queenie into hell.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL ALLEY - NIGHT

           Queenie is alone, cold in the winter chill as she leaves the 
           Tenpenny. The streets are empty at this hour.

           A clatter of cobblestone behind her. Queenie SPINS, knife at 
           the ready. It’s Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Go with him if you want. You don’t 
                        owe me anything.

                                 EZZ
                        You’re right. I owe you everything. 
                        You helped me. I help you now.

           Queenie manages to muster a smile, then turns and heads into 
           the dark without waiting for Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Can’t stay on the streets - Ripper 
                        knows we’ve made him. And Apron’ll 
                        kill me if I don’t find protection.

                                 EZZ
                        So, where can we go?

                                 QUEENIE
                        The last place I’d ever want. 

           EXT. COMMISSIONER WARREN’S HOME - NIGHT

           A massive, Old London mansion. Fine hedgerows and iron gates.  
           Police Constables patrol outside, billy clubs at the ready.

           INT. COMMISSIONER WARREN’S HOME - STUDY

           Police Commissioner Warren holds the Ripper’s blade, turning 
           it over in his hands. Lit by the glow of the fire, the blade 
           casts ancient and jagged shadows across the wall. 
                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        The ramblings of a deranged mind.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Sir, with this evidence, we know -

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        No, you don't.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Beg your pardon?

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        You don’t know where or who he is, 
                        and therefore we can't arrest him.
                        It's a shame, too. This is a 
                        beautiful blade.

           Warren throws both the letter and the blade into the fire.

                                 EZZ
                        What are you doing?!

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        A commissioner who arrests wealthy 
                        men on the word of whores won't be 
                        commissioner for very long.

           Queenie glances around the room. Dew has his head down.

           Ezz is a step ahead of her, already headed for the door. But 
           Inspector Aberline blocks the door. Ezz reaches for her 
           knife, but he GRABS her arm and twists.

           Realizing what’s happening - Queenie pulls her own knife, but 
           Dew wrenches it from her hand. Then, he begins CHOKING her. 

           Queenie struggles - knocking a quill and ink off the desk. As 
           he chokes the life from her, she can hear Warren bark -

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        Careful, Dew! This rug is new. Take 
                        them back to Whitechapel. Make it 
                        look like a robbery.

           Queenie blacks out, darkness taking her as we smash to -

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL STREETS - NIGHT

           A Scotland Yard PADDY WAGON - all black with thick iron bars, 
           racing through the dark, wet streets. Dew whips the horse. 

           It’s a police wagon, but this is far from police business.
           INT. PADDY WAGON

           Ezz and Queenie have their hands and feet restrained with 
           big, wrought iron shackles - the precursor to the modern 
           handcuff, only with much less mobility.

           Ezz struggles, but Queenie knows there is no getting out of 
           one of these unless they let you out.

           EXT. WHITECHAPEL ALLEY - NIGHT 

           Now, the paddy wagon sits in a dead-end alley, dark and wet.

           Dew uses the big, rusty skeleton key to unlock Queenie and 
           Ezz from the wagon, though they still have their shackles on.

           He yanks the two women from the wagon, dragging them onto the 
           cobblestone street, pushing them to their knees in the muck. 

           They can barely walk, let alone run - and their shackles 
           would mark them as prisoners of Scotland Yard to anyone.

           Then, Dew pulls Queenie’s own KNIFE from his pocket, taken 
           from the struggle in the Commissioner’s office earlier.

                                 CONSTABLE DEW
                        Sorry, Queenie. Was always fond of 
                        you. But you girls’ve made a mess.

           He makes a quick sign of the cross, mumbling a hail Mary.

                                 CONSTABLE DEW (CONT'D)
                        Try and not struggle. Commissioner 
                        says slit your throat. They say 
                        it’s like slipping into a warm 
                        bath. Least painful way to go. 
                        Least they say.

           Dew genuinely seems to believe this - Queenie steels herself, 
           as she’s first up to the execution. 

           Dew swallows hard, grabbing Queenie’s head by her hair, 
           exposing the soft pink flesh of the throat. He brings his 
           knife hand back -

           But someone grabs Dew’s hand.

           It’s the Ripper. He squeezes Dew’s hand holding the knife by 
           the fatty part of the thumb, cracking the metacarpal bone 
           with medical precision, shattering it like balsa wood. 

           As the bone cracks, Dew drops the knife with a yelp. 
           With dead calm, the Ripper grabs the falling knife and SLICES 
           Dew’s throat with Queenie’s knife. Whispering to Dew -

                                 RIPPER
                        They’re mine. 

           Dew tries to scream, but no sound comes out - a knife still 
           sticking in his vocal folds as his mouth works like a fish. 

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        And death is not like slipping into 
                        a warm bath. At all.

           The Ripper PUSHES the Constable away, and the officer FALLS 
           onto the cobblestone, blood pumping out of his body.

           The Ripper stares at Queenie as she steps in front of Ezz.

           Ezz scrambles to her feet, but the Ripper is too close to 
           them - having backed them into a dead end corner. 

           Queenie’s not going down without a fight, protecting Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Come on, Rakshasa - that's what you 
                        think you are, right? 

                                 RIPPER
                        Clever girl. You’ve learned the 
                        true name - the maneater, the 
                        Asura. Peace killer. Nri-chakshas.

           He smiles as he stares at Queenie and Ezz. 

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        I learned one thing while I was 
                        over in the filthy East - the idea 
                        of rebirth, that things can die and 
                        return as something better. The 
                        Rakshasa has been reborn… in me.

           His speech is calm and conversational, though he’s not 
           looking at them - instead staring at Dew’s body.

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        You know, no one cared what I did 
                        until I started ripping English 
                        whores. What's that say about our 
                        mighty, just Empire? 

           Queenie sees her moment... he’s distracted - 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Run, Ezz!
           Queenie stands in his path so Ezz can dash by.  Ezz struggles 
           to run in her shackles, rushing past the Ripper in the alley.

           But it was a ploy to lull her into confidence. 

           The Ripper’s arm snakes out and snags Ezz. He looks at her - 
           though a better description would be through her.

                                 RIPPER
                        I said you would sing for me. 

           He STABS Ezz through the stomach, Queenie’s knife poking out 
           her back. Ezz SCREAMS as he pulls out the blade, dropping it.

           All the while, the Ripper has his eyes on Queenie. 

                                 THE RIPPER
                        I’ll take you when I’m ready.  

           He backs away. He doesn’t run. He doesn’t need to. Queenie is 
           on her knees, her hands on Ezz’s wound as the Ripper leaves.

           INT./EXT. TOWNHOME - NIGHT

           Dr. Rees, the doctor who cares for Queenie’s girls, sits with 
           his stuffy wife MARTHA REES (40s), who pets a tabby cat.

           KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!

           Rees puts down the book, calmly walking to the door.

                                 DR. REES
                        Don’t worry, Martha. I’ll tell the 
                        beggars we’ve no more to -

           As soon as he unlocks the door, it’s FLUNG open - pushed by 
           Queenie. Hanging from her one arm is Ezz.

                                 DR. REES (CONT'D)
                        Queenie?! What in the blazes -

           Then, he sees Ezz’s wound, and his face falls.

           INT. TOWNHOME - SITTING PARLOR

           Ezz lays on the couch. She looks dead. 

           Martha sits on the other side of the living room, bible 
           clutched to her bosom. 

           Blood is everywhere, big white bandages wrap Ezz’s wound. 
           Queenie and Dr. Rees whisper in the corner.
           Queenie stares at the map, as if wishing for an answer. Then, 
           she notices the doctor’s housecat, rubbing against her leg. 

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        How do you get rid of mice you 
                        don’t want? You get a cat.

           Queenie springs into action, rolling up Rees' map. She yanks 
           the doctor’s jacket off and puts it on to keep her warm 
           against the night. She points to where Ezz lies.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        I need you to keep her safe. 
                        Please. Tell no one where she is. 
                        No bobbies, none of your customers.

                                 DR. REES
                        I can’t promise she’ll make it 
                        through the night.

           Queenie swallows hard as she pauses at the door.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I can’t promise I will, either.

           INT. COMMISSIONER WARREN’S HOME - HALLWAY

           Commissioner Warren, in his pajamas, walks down the hall, 
           tired and leaning on his cane as he hobbles to his study.

           INT. COMMISSIONER WARREN’S HOME - STUDY

           Queenie is in that very study, rifling through his desk - 
           finding the map of the district railway plans.

           The fire has gone out, and the Ripper’s double-pointed blade 
           still sits in the ash of the fireplace - the blade blackened, 
           but its ancient, Damascus steel still strong as ever.

           Queenie takes the city planning map, rolling it up. 

           Clomp, clomp. She can hear the three-legged sound of Warren’s 
           cane as he limps to the doorway. She’s trapped.

           The Commissioner opens the door. He gets one step in -

           Queenie POINTS the Ripper’s BLACKENED BLADE, pulled from the 
           ashes of the fireplace.  She holds the blade at his throat.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Scream and I push. Now - we’ve a 
                        conversation to finish.
           EXT. STOCKYARDS - NIGHT

           The shifting of the cattle herds, low chuffing and snorts. 

           The cows are nervous - something moves among the rows of the 
           stockyards, dragging a large trunk through the darkness.

           Up ahead, a lone STOCKHOUSE sits, bright lights from inside.

           INT. STOCKHOUSE - TANNERY - NIGHT

           By day a leather tannery, huge vats used for boiling flesh to 
           loosen from cowhide still bubbling, slimy with tallow. 

           By night, this macabre building is converted into a Victorian 
           gentlemen’s CLUB - card tables and cocaine girls working 
           while musicians and nude dancers perform.

           The 40 Elephants girls work the venue, heads down and quiet 
           among the expatriate cowboys, South African sex traffikers 
           and German immigrants that crowd the stench-heavy hall. 

           AT THE FARO TABLE

           In the back, Leather Apron sits, Lydia on his lap. The crime 
           boss plays FARO (an old west card game popular among European 
           working classes) - leaning over the long and slender board.

           A big, female DEALER turns over a card on the board.

           It’s an ACE - Apron is close to winning. The female dealer 
           exhales, thankful. The Dealer pulls the final card -

           BANG! A loud SLAMMING as the front door is flung open. It’s 
           Queenie - bloody, bruised and filthy.

           The room stands still. No music. No dancing. No laughter. You 
           can hear every creak of chair and foot. 

           Queenie is immediately surrounded by Apron’s girls - blades, 
           billy clubs and saps out. They could kill her in a flash.

           Leather Apron gives a half grin and growls -

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Game’s over. Everyone out.

           The customers can’t get out of there fast enough, with the 
           prostitutes not far behind.

           Even Lydia Hart tries to leave, but Apron puts a firm hand on 
           her tiny arm - don’t even think about leaving.
           All of the rest shuffle past Queenie, who stands by the door - 
           eyes locked on Leather Apron as the crowd leave quickly.

           After a moment, the gambling hall is empty.

           Queenie stalks forward, tossing Warren’s map and the Ripper’s 
           blade on the faro table. Apron slowly turns the Ripper’s 
           blade over in his hands. If he’s impressed, it doesn’t show.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        You’ve got brass balls, love. 
                        Coming in here after I warned you.

           Lydia still sits beside him, petrified for Queenie. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Kill me if you want, won’t stop 
                        what’s coming. It’s on those maps, 
                        plain as the Sabbath: Whitechapel 
                        is meant to be destroyed. They’ve 
                        taken my home, coming for you next.  

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Nah. No man’s coming to take what I 
                        fought for - gangs like mine, we 
                        built Whitechapel. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Not a man. Progress. The future is 
                        gonna burrow right under your feet 
                        and suck you down into darkness.

           Apron looks up - Queenie’s talk is an affront to his control.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        First, my Elephants got hit, then -

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        My Elephants.

           Queenie ignores his jab, her focus on the map, her finger 
           tracing the path of the underground railway. It follows near 
           the location of the Ripper’s killings.

                                 QUEENIE
                        That Ripper was set loose to drive 
                        down the price of land so East 
                        India could buy cheap. Then, 
                        District Railway - a front for East 
                        India -  would build their 
                        underground, driving up value. 
                        They’d become the most powerful 
                        company in the world once again. 
           Her finger rests at Whitechapel on the map.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        Look - knock down one of us, and 
                        soon the rest of the pins go 
                        tumbling, too. Whitechapel is their 
                        keystone - right in the heart. They 
                        take that, and the whole lot 
                        crumbles. East End, Moorfields, 
                        Shoreditch, Stockyards.

           Apron’s temper begins to flare. The Stockyards are his. All 
           Apron’s fine clothes can’t hide the animal underneath.

           But Queenie isn’t stopping, she’s come to make her point.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        This affects all - not just the 
                        whores. Every gang. Every girl. 
                        Every fence, pick, and corner boy. 
                        We’ll all fall. But, if we align, 
                        all the gangs as one - we can stop 
                        this Ripper and the railway.

           Apron doesn’t answer, stewing over the map - his hand on the 
           blade. Apron waits a beat, finally looking up at Queenie.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        I’m supposed to believe you? You 
                        come in here, bleating like a sheep 
                        on the butcher’s block.

           He clears the Faro table, in Queenie’s face in a flash.

                                  QUEENIE
                        I’ve brought you proof. 

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Ha! A burnt blade and pieces of 
                        paper are proof?

           MOMENTS LATER

           A big, familiar camelback STEAMER TRUNK.  Queenie PUSHES it 
           across the floor of the Tannery. 

           This is what we heard being pushed through the stockyards, 
           the trunk clumped with manure.

           Satisfied once the case is in the middle of the room, Queenie 
           FLIPS it open. It’s Commissioner Warren, in the trunk.

           He looks dead. Queenie dumps the trunk, Warren spilling out. 
           She slaps him awake.
                                 QUEENIE
                        Must’ve used too much laudanum.

           Warren is groggy from the drug, looking around the room, eyes 
           adjusting to the light after being stored in a box.

           Warren steps forward, a defiance born of wealth and power.

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        Release me immediately and I may be 
                        able to convince the Crown to just 
                        imprison instead of hang you -

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Aww, Commish - if you think I’ll 
                        ever rot in some cell or hang for 
                        some rich man’s amusement - you’re 
                        even more daft than they say. Tell 
                        me, is what Queenie says true about 
                        District Railway letting this 
                        Ripper kill girls?

           There’s no backpedaling, no begging. If anything, Warren is 
           annoyed that the answer wasn’t already obvious.

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        Murders lower property value.

           Queenie SMACKS him, catching the old man off guard and he 
           FALLS to the ground. Warren glares up at her.

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN (CONT'D)
                        You’ll hang for that.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Hang for plenty. But not tonight. 
                        Go on, tell them what you told me.

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        East India Trading realized long 
                        ago that our fortune was no longer 
                        on the water, but the land. More 
                        specifically, below it. We stood to 
                        gain handsomely as the East End was 
                        modernized, brought into the fold.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You posh shits made a deal with the 
                        devil, that it? 

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        I made no deal. I don’t know this 
                        Ripper’s reasons or machinations. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 (MORE)
                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN (CONT'D)
                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN (CONT'D)
                        I’ve never met him. None have. He’s 
                        a pestilence. A plague when needed. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Needed? What about all he’s killed 
                        in Whitechapel? That just the cost 
                        of doing business?

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN
                        When the foundation is rotten - you 
                        knock down the whole building.  

           Apron fumes, grabbing the Ripper’s blade and hefting the 
           Damascus steel as he stalks towards Warren.

                                 COMMISSIONER WARREN (CONT'D)
                        You can’t kill me, I’m a god damn 
                        agent of the crown! A policeman!

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        No one’ll notice one dead copper 
                        when I set all of London aflame.

           He raises the curved blade, SWINGING it down towards the 
           Comissioner as the old man screams and we SMASH TO -

           INT. STOCKYARDS - TANNERY

           Queenie’s stands over the maps on the faro table. Leather 
           Apron and his gang of prostitutes are now gathered around.

                                 QUEENIE
                        We want to keep East India and 
                        District Railway dogs out of 
                        Whitechapel? It ends by taking out 
                        the Ripper. He’s the fear that 
                        powers their engine. And I know 
                        where to find him.

           EXT. RIVER THAMES - EAST END SHORES - DAWN

           Two boys run with their dog along the shores.

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        The Ripper’s letter to Bulling said 
                        “our own Nile will run red.” He 
                        means the Thames, that’s our river. 
                        And this all started with the body 
                        parts. But no one’s ever seen how 
                        he gets those body parts in - as if 
                        the bodies just appear. But then I 
                        saw these city planning maps.
           The boys stumble upon fresh body parts of young women, the 
           symbol of the Rakshasa sliced into the flesh.

           Perched on a creamy thigh, severed at the hips are several 
           RAVENS, plucking fetid meat.

           Spooked by the boys, the ravens take fight from their feast.

           We follow the birds over the Thames, past the Cannon docks.

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        London’s an old city, been built up 
                        over and over. The Romans paved 
                        over a river the pagans used, then 
                        the Saxons paved over that. This 
                        river still flows underground, into 
                        the Thames. That river? Walbrook.

           The Ravens wind their way through manicured streets of -

           EXT. OLD CITY - MORNING

           Mercantile banks, electric street lamps, clean carriages. 
           This place couldn’t be more different from Whitechapel.

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        When I had the Elephants watching 
                        for East India, Lizzie told me 
                        about a street - 

           EXT. WALBROOK AVENUE - MORNING

           The ravens land on high-angled rooftops, looking down on -

           Inspector Aberline stands and reads a copy of the London Star 
           with the headline:  JACK THE RIPPER: WHO SHALL BE NEXT?

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        It’s filled with police, patrolling 
                        all hours. Too many for a block in 
                        the oldest part of the city. 

           Disgusted, Aberline tosses the paper down, and we can finally 
           see he’s standing beside a contingent of police officers - 
           easily two dozen - patrolling the long stretch of sidewalk.

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        Only thing special? Houses on that 
                        street are owned by East India. 
                        Guess where that street is? 
           We follow Aberline’s line of sight to a sign: WALBROOK WARD. 
           Then, over the rickety cobblestones, past the police -

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        There, one building sits directly 
                        over the buried river, emptying 
                        through the Cannon street drains. 
                        That’s how he’s getting bodies out.

           Finally, we come to rest in front of an abandoned apartment 
           building. All alone. Windows shuttered.

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        There’s only one place in this city 
                        that’s owned by East India, police 
                        protected, and the perfect way to 
                        get bodies into the Thames. 

           Over the door, the symbol of East India Trading Company - and 
           watching it all from the shadows is Queenie.

           INT. STOCKYARDS - TANNERY

           Queenie points to the location of the building on her map.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Get me inside. I’ll do the rest.

           Behind her, Apron’s goons drag Warren’s dead body away.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        What makes you so certain he’ll be 
                        right there, in London, today?

                                 QUEENIE
                        The letter the Ripper meant for  
                        Bulling to publish - seven breaths 
                        from Winter’s darkest night - the 
                        longest night of the year is Winter 
                        Solstice. Seven breaths - seven 
                        days after that. That’s two days 
                        from now. He needs to he here and 
                        he needs access to the Thames. He’s 
                        back to where this all started.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Lot of might and maybes in there.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I’d bet my life on it.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You’re betting all our lives on it.
           EXT. WHITECHAPEL - DARK ALLEY - DAY

           Leather Apron stands, his girls behind him, ready to fight. 

                                 QUEENIE (V.O.)
                        We need every sundry gang and group 
                        of ill repute Apron holds sway 
                        over. Tell them - if we don’t work 
                        together, we fall, one by one.

           From out of the darkness of the alley, other East End gangs 
           step, gathering around Leather Apron and his girls:

           - The BEGGAR’S UNION: destitute and filthy old men and women 
           in their rags. Some legless on carts, other disease-ridden.

           - The OPIUM KINGS: Led by Calcutta John, a well-armed group 
           of East Indians and Chinese mercenaries. 

           - The YARDIES: A violent and diverse gang of dockworking 
           whores. Caribbean, African, Moorish, Thai and Cambodian. 

           - The CORNERMEN: Tattooed Welsh and Cockney teens wielding 
           brass and iron belt buckles to whip and maim their victims.

           EXT. LONDON - CENTRAL/EAST END - NIGHT

           The sun has just set - somewhere, a huge clock strikes ten, 
           bells tolling loudly and ringing through the city. 

           Across the city, several events play out. 

           Curiously unconnected. Utterly random. Absolutely unrelated. 

           EXT. EAST END LONDON - FENCHURCH STREET - EVENING

           A huge gathering of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, 
           marching from the slums of East End into the wealthier, 
           reserved neighborhoods of Central London.

           Some bang drums, a few blow horns and tubas. A sea of flags 
           and banners protesting police inaction - 

                                    END THE KILLINGS! 
                                  JUSTICE FOR THE POOR! 
                                  WHERE ARE THE POLICE?

           EXT. RIVER THAMES - ST. KATHERINE DOCKS - NIGHT

           At the same time, a few smacks - small, single sail British 
           fishing boats, catch fire on the river.
           It will take the Royal Navy and three fire brigades all night 
           to put out the burning boats, tying up resources.

           EXT. CENTRAL LONDON - FENCHURCH STREET - NIGHT

           The Vigilance protest marches, slow and solemn - now singing 
           “A Mighty Fortress is our God.”

           They are headed for the old city, to protest Scotland Yard’s 
           inability to catch the Ripper.

           Aberline and his officers watch the protesters as they pass 
           by the police stationed at the edge of Walbrook Ward. 

           Aberline ignores the jeers and shouts of the locals - even as 
           some citizens toss rotten vegetables and wet newspapers.

           His eyes are on the beggars and urchins who’ve come out to 
           watch the commotion of the protest. Among them - young men. 

           Too many of them. Eyeing one another up.

           Without a word, a street fight erupts, several dozens of 
           youth in a an all-out brawl in the middle of the street. 

           Aberline's officers rush in to break the fight up.

           WITH THE PROTESTS

           Moving among the herd of protesters: Queenie, Lydia, Apron 
           and the other girls - wearing frill bonnets and bulky coats - 
           holding signs and banging drums. 

           BACK WITH ABERLINE

           Aberline watches, then notices - the young men aren’t 
           swinging their weapons. Simply scrambling out of reach.

           Wasting the time and focus of his men. Aberline blows his 
           police whistle, rounding up his men with a wave of his arm.

           The young gangs race away as Aberline looks up the street - 
           catching sight of a much smaller protest group then before. 

           EXT. WALBROOK WARD - NIGHT

           Queenie’s gang moves through the silent streets, the sounds 
           of the protest fading away. They toss off their church 
           bonnets and overcoats, revealing young women ready to battle.

           Queenie pulls Jack the Ripper’s knife from her dress.
           They turn onto Walbrook Avenue - the long, thin street that 
           cuts through the heard of the old neighborhood. 

           At the end of the lane - the building they’re looking for.

           Electric Streetlamps cast a yellow glow. High buildings 
           squeeze in the tiny road - Only one exit and entrance.

           Moments later, the Lambeth Lads, Cornermen and Beggars turn 
           onto the street, as well.

           Soon though, a new sound drifts on the wind. Rhythmic, low.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        Hooves. Lots.

           The clomp clomp clomp comes from both ends of the street.

           From out of the fog and haze come CLYDESDALES - huge horses, 
           each eight feet at the shoulder. Monsters of the Gilded Age.   

           Each horse carries a police OFFICER in a distinctive scarlet 
           waistcoat, stovepipe hata and huge muttonchop sideburns.

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        Bow Street Horse Patrol. Meant to 
                        chase down highwaymen, break up 
                        Wildcat strikes. They don’t arrest - 
                        they maim and kill.

           The gathered throng of criminals shifts, uneasy. 

           From behind them, dozens of constables march onto the street - 
           forming tightly packed defense lines. 

           Queenie and her gangs are trapped, caught in the middle of a 
           long street with law enforcement at either end.

           Inspector Aberline calls out to the horsemen.

                                 ABERLINE 
                        Arrest the rioters, Captain. If 
                        they resist, do what you must.

           The Patrol Captain urges the huge Clydesdales a few steps.

           Queenie’s “rioters” are destitute prostitutes, hungry 
           orphans, sickly homeless - not some well organized force. The 
           least of London. 

           It’s going to be a massacre.

           Fear pulses through gathered mass. Queenie grips the Ripper’s 
           blade tightly. This is it, and she knows it.
           Lydia steps behind her, at her side and ready to fight. She 
           whispers so only Queenie can hear -

                                 LYDIA HART
                        Ma’am, I’m sorry about -

                                 QUEENIE
                        That was the past. You’re here now, 
                        that’s all that matters.

           Anxiously, the Clydesdales clomp their hooves, big as dinner 
           plates - the Patrol Captain raises his arm -

           When he lowers it, the horses will charge, mowing them down.

           Fwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!

           Chinese whistlers (a Victorian firework) crash into the 
           street with a high-pitched squeal that immediately spooks 
           horses and man alike in a shower of spark and sound.

           A breath later, homemade smoke bombs are lobbed from behind 
           the police and from the rooftops. 

           In less than five seconds, the silent street is filled with a 
           cacophony of sound, smoke, screams and sulphur. 

           A spooked Clydesdale runs, taking out an electric lamppost, 
           shorting out the street lamps.

           As smoke envelopes her, Queenie looks towards a cupola on one 
           rooftop to see Calcutta John and his Opium Kings hunkered 
           down by chimneys and ledges. He nods down to her, smiling.

           WITH THE POLICE

           The horses buck and rear as Apron and the other criminals 
           POUR from the smoke and noise - pelting the officers from 
           both flanks, hurling rocks, cans and stones. 

           As soon as the officers rush to stop them, the criminals race 
           away, hidden by the smoke and exploding fireworks.

           EXT. WALBROOK WARD - OLD BUILDING - FRONT STOOP - NIGHT

           Sulphur, nitrate and charcoal fill the air. Queenie has used 
           the chaos to make it to the front door of the building.

           The structure is tall and shabby, but with new windows - bars 
           glimpsed behind curtains inside. Above the door, the East 
           India symbol, painted over. 

           This building is made to look decrepit - it’s anything but.
           Queenie immediately goes to work picking the new front lock - 
           using her heavy ring of iron picks to jam the hub and 
           spindle, cracking the tumblers to move the deadbolt. 

           A police OFFICER sees Queenie, racing towards her.

           WHAM! He’s cracked on the knees with a thick cudgel, dropping 
           him to the ground. The gnarled club is held by Lydia Hart - 
           behind her are a dozen 40 Elephants, racing from the smoke. 

           Queenie nods her thanks, then goes back to picking the lock. 

           As gunshot ricochets near their heads and the screams of men 
           echo from the smoke, she slams the tumblers down.

           KER-CHUNK. The big oak door swings open. Darkness inside, 
           beckoning. No turning back now.

           INT. WEALTHY MANSION - VARIOUS

           Queenie enters first, Ripper’s blade in hand. 

           At the far end of the entryway, a dull, orange glow from 
           tungsten electric lamps.

           The entire apartment building has been converted into a 
           single Victorian curio - velvety red wallpaper, taxidermy 
           animal heads on the walls, ornate furniture. 

           Shelves and hutches contain antiquities stolen from India, 
           Africa, and Asia. Colonial luxury oozing like a cyst.

           The 40 Elephant girls enter a moment later - stunned by the 
           luxury, drowning out the sounds of the riot outside.

           Lydia peers at the artifacts displayed - burnished gold 
           Buddha statues, scores of Indian diamonds, marble carvings. 

           Queenie looks closer at the frames along one wall - 
           daguerreotypes, salt prints and albumen style photographs. 

           In each photo, a young military doctor stands with Gambians, 
           East Indians, Persians, Chinese. All women and children.

           This young doctor is the Ripper - growing up before her eyes. 

           Satisfied, Queenie NODS to Lydia. 

           Immediately, Lydia makes a quick hand gesture and the girls 
           begin overturning furniture, shoving everything they can in 
           front of windows and doors. 

           While the girls work, Queenie waits - tense.
                                 LYDIA HART
                        I think he’s gone.

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. He’s here. 

           Outside, shouts and commotion draw their attention.

           EXT. WALBROOK WARD - STREET - NIGHT

           The chaos of the riot is still in full effect. Amid the smoke 
           and shouts, one man draws the eye.

           Leather Apron, swinging through police officers - a 
           constable’s billy club in each hand.

           He’s a street fighter, not prone to proper protocol - 
           snapping fingers, biting ears, kicking groins. And loving it.

           Behind him, several of his prostitutes, along with a few 
           Cornermen and terrified beggars, are being encircled by the 
           Bow Street horsemen. They’re trapped.

           Apron sees their scared faces. The old crime boss frowns, 
           then steps towards one of the charging horsemen. 

           Unafraid of the great animal, he calmly cracks the HORSEMAN 
           as he rides by with his billy club.

           Apron’s brutal swing takes the man right off his Clydesdale 
           and breaks his jaw. Apron grabs the fallen man’s rifle, 
           looking back to the group huddled behind him.

                                 LEATHER APRON
                        You lot go on.

           Then, he turns back toward the police, shouting -

                                 LEATHER APRON (CONT'D)
                        You think you can take my 
                        Whitechapel without a fight!

           He fires the rifles at the police, sending coppers ducking 
           among the smoke. He roars with joy, a beast in his element -

           BOOM! A rifle blast strikes Leather Apron in the shoulder.

           A few dozen yards away, Aberline stands before some mounted 
           soldiers of the Bow Street Horse Patrol, all holding rifles.

           Apron doesn’t even have time to surrender. 

           The horsemen open fire. 
           It takes a dozen rifle shots before Leather Apron falls, 
           blood pouring from the crime boss.

           He dies in the street, a smile on his face - watching his 
           girls and the poor of Whitechapel escaping into the smoke.

           INT. WEALTHY MANSION - FOYER - NIGHT

           Queenie sees Apron fall. Even worse, everyone else does, too.

           A ripple of fear pulses through the criminals and they begin 
           to retreat.

           The horsemen give chase - this riot is nearing it’s end.  

           In the foyer, an overturned electric lamp SPARKS, catching 
           fire to luxurious rug.

           Queenie glances at the fire - it’s crossing the rug, climbing 
           up heavy drapes, smoke begins to fill the building.

           INT. WEALTHY MANSION - HALLWAY 

           Smoke from the fire begins to snake its way down the ornate 
           hallway, the velvet wallpaper curling at the heat.

           Queenie walks the hall, Ripper’s knife in her hand. The smoke 
           overtakes her and she struggles to hold a cough.

           From somewhere in the building, footsteps and shouts -

                                 LYDIA HART (O.S.)
                        Queenie? Queenie!

           But she doesn’t answer, waiting.

           Up ahead, a door in the hallway FLINGS open and a dark form 
           dashes out. It’s the Ripper, racing toward the far end of the 
           hall, using the smoke as a cover.

           Queenie watches as he opens a basement door, racing into 
           darkness below. Silently, Queenie follows. 

           INT. BASEMENT LAB 

           Queenie creeps down the basement stairs. The huge, dank room 
           is filled with shelves and rows of objects floating in glass 
           jars filled with formaldehyde.  

           Lit by lantern, the formaldehyde casts everything in a sick, 
           greenish pall. Still, no sign of the Ripper. 
           The jars contain human viscera; uterus, ear, womb, bowels - 
           and the names of the victims they’ve been taken from. 

           Among the body parts, older specimens float: cats, dogs, 
           rats, even a skinned Bengal Tiger, floating in a huge tank.

           In the center of all these shelves, an ancient stone WELL 
           sits. From within this black well, the rush of the 
           underground River Walbrook rises from below.

           Around the edge of the well are medical exam tables - pieces 
           of unlucky Whitechapel girls taken by the Ripper.

           In the corner - the old, tongueless man has been lashed to a 
           desk by twine and rope, cutting into his flesh. This was the 
           desk he wrote the Ripper’s letters from - only now, the old 
           man is dead and bloated, covered in maggots.

           A shadow behind Queenie, and she spins. It’s the Ripper. 

                                 RIPPER
                        You hid the newsman from me, took 
                        my message away from the hungry 
                        masses. But, tonight will still 
                        play out - you can’t hide what the 
                        world wants to see. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        All I see is a pawn for East India - 
                        a lapdog of District Railway. 

                                 RIPPER
                        Railway. East India. I hate them as 
                        much as you. Neros, fiddling while 
                        Rome burns. It’s fitting. 

                                 QUEENIE 
                        How?

                                 RIPPER 
                        In the Vedas, it’s written that 
                        when Brahma made the Rakshasa, they 
                        immediately turned and began to 
                        devour him. And so, London eats 
                        itself, as I have been eating it.

           Overhead, the ceiling GROANS, the fire above beginning to eat 
           at the structural integrity of the building. 

           Upstairs, the shouts of Lydia and the Elephants drift down.

                                 40 ELEPHANTS (O.S.)
                        Queenie!/ Where are you!?/ Queenie?
           Seizing his moment - The Ripper grabs one of the formaldehyde 
           jars from the shelves - hurling it at her.

           Queenie tries to block the glass, but it knocks the Ripper’s 
           blade from her hand. The glass shatters on the floor, sending  
           noxious formaldehyde onto Queenie’s clothes and hands.

           Gasping from the fumes, she scrambles for the blade but the 
           Ripper is quicker - snatching it off the ground. 

           He steps forward, ready to kill her, pupils dilated in the 
           darkness, his teeth an ugly yellow in the light.

           The fire overtakes the ceiling. The floor sags and creaks...

           CRACK! A section of the upstairs gives way, falling to the 
           basement below, knocking Queenie and the Ripper down.

           Showering flames and burning wallpaper touch the spilled 
           formaldehyde- the fire spreading faster now.

           Glass specimen jars begin to POP and CRACK, old glass 
           shattering as more formaldehyde catches fire.

           Realizing the basement is about to become engulfed, the 
           Ripper stops, turning and racing towards the open well.

           He steps into opening of the well, plummeting from view.

           He’s gone. 

           Overhead, the ceiling GROANS again. The rest of the ceiling 
           will collapse soon. Queenie yanks off her own dress, down to 
           her trousers and whalebone corset. 

           At the stairwell, Lydia and a few 40 Elephant girls appear, 
           coughing amid the smoke. Lydia and Queenie lock eyes.

           Lydia swallows hard, tears welling. She knows what’s next. 
           Queenie shouts over the crack of glass and roar of flame. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        This has to end.

           Then, she leaps into the blackness of the well.

           EXT. UNDERGROUND WALBROOK RIVER - NIGHT

           Queenie falls from the old well into an underground river, 
           fast flowing in blackness right below London. 
           Barely above freezing, a jagged bit of granite breaks two of 
           her ribs as the current pounds her like flotsam in this 
           claustrophobic, airless waterway.

           EXT. WEALTHY MANSION - ROOFTOP - NIGHT

           The thud and crack of axes as they chop holes in the roof.

           The axes are held by the Opium Kings, hacking holes in the 
           roof of the Ripper’s mansion. 

           Smoke pouring from the holes, Lydia and the 40 Elephants 
           clamber from the holes as the building creaks and moans.  

                                 CALCUTTA JOHN
                        Your Queen?

           Lydia shakes her head no, hacking from the smoke. A few 
           constables on the street below spy them.

                                 COPPER
                        They’re on the rooftops! Up there!

           One blows his shrill whistle, calling for reinforcements.

           Inside, fire overpowers more of the floorboards, collapsing 
           under the flames into the basement below. The explosion of 
           formaldehyde and flame is intense.

           Fire BURSTS from the windows and doors amid a shattering of 
           wood and glass - knocking the constables to the ground.

           By the time the police get to their feet, the criminals above 
           have scattered, racing away across rooftops.

           EXT. UNDERWATER - CANNON STREET OUTFALL DRAIN - NIGHT

           A circular metal hole, barely five feet across and submerged 
           below the Cannon street docks. 

           Once an ancient Roman drainage system, this rocky, underwater 
           hole SPITS the Walbrook into the Thames with massive force. 

           Queenie is pushed from outfall drain. The force of the 
           expulsion flings her into submerged rocks, gashing her head. 

           EXT. RIVER THAMES - SHORELINE - NIGHT

           Queenie is washed ashore, vomiting up the filthy Thames. A 
           wound on her side and gash on her scalp bleed freely. 
           If she hadn’t taken off her dress and petticoat, she would’ve 
           never been able to swim, drowned by her own clothing.

           Up the banks of the Thames, The Ripper is on his feet. 

           He looks upriver - where the burning boats from earlier have 
           firemen and sailors struggling to put out the flames. 

           He sees the gaping maw of a low-tide access dock - a 
           construction entrance for the SUBWAY TUNNELS. He races 
           towards the tunnel. 

           Gasping in pain as she crawls to her feet, Queenie follows.

           INT. LONDON SUBWAY TUNNELS

           These “subway tunnels” are little more than rough hewn caves 
           in 1888, dynamite-blasted rocks ragged and jutting. Iron 
           tracks - not unlike railroad tracks - snake into blackness. 

           Excavation mounds and sewer access tunnels crisscross the 
           straight, narrow veins that will one day connect London. 

           Every few dozen yards, Queenie stops, leaning a bloody hand 
           against the wooden support frames of the tunnel.

           Still, she pursues the Ripper.

           INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - CONSTRUCTION SITE EXIT 

           Up ahead, the rocky wall where construction has stopped, 
           ladders leading to the surface, moonlight drifting down.

           Queenie stops in the darkness, realizing she’s come to the 
           end of the tunnels. No Ripper. He must’ve escaped out --

           The Ripper’s arm SNAKES around Queenie’s throat, choking her, 
           his fetid breath on the nape of her neck.

                                 RIPPER
                        Things like you don’t hunt me. 
                        I hunt you.

           He was waiting among the blackness, grabbing her when she was 
           distracted by the light of the exit. He whispers in her ear -

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        Shaanti ke aaya hoon Rakshasa...

           The same words he spoke to Annie the night he killed her. 
           Queenie struggles, as he moves her head into the crook of his 
           elbow. Easier to break her neck and sever her spinal cord. 

           The Ripper begins to twist - slowly, so Queenie will feel the 
           tendons in her neck pop before the shattering of vertebrae.

           From the shadows of the exit, a figure steps shakily, 
           catching a bit of moonlight drifting down.

           It’s Ezz. Leaning against the wall - weak but very much 
           alive. For one lifesaving moment, the Ripper is confused. 

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        But, you’re dead -

           He’s distracted, and Queenie manages to drive her elbow into 
           the Ripper’s solar plexus - twisting herself free.

           Behind Queenie and the Ripper, in the darkness of the tunnel - 
           the telltale FWOOSH of lanterns catching behind. 

           It’s the Forty Elephant girls, led by Lydia Hart. 

           Unconcerned, The Ripper turns to Ezz. She’s injured, an easy 
           kill that’s blocking his exit.

                                 RIPPER (CONT'D)
                        Move, and I’ll let you live.

                                 EZZ
                        Someone once told me, it’s best to 
                        keep your prey watching your left 
                        hand, so they don’t notice the 
                        knife in your right.

           Furious, the Ripper reaches for his blade to kill Ezz.

           But it’s gone. The Ripper glances down, confused.

           Queenie has picked his pocket, taking his blade. He looks 
           back, just as Queenie STABS him through the stomach.

                                 QUEENIE
                        For Annie. For all of Them.

           His eyes go wide as she TWISTS the blade, pulling it out and 
           slashing open his belly in one violent pull.

           He stumbles back, bleeding into his own hands. The Ripper 
           looks at his stab wound, blood pumping from him. 

           In a flash, it all becomes clear, his mind reversing the 
           steps of the evening, only now from a new point of view. 
           INSERT: Queenie pulling his blade free when he was distracted 
           by Ezz.... Queenie smearing her own bloody handprint on the 
           wooden beams of the subway tunnels to mark her path so the 
           Elephants could follow... The burning boats on the River 
           Thames, giving him no choice but to escape down this subway 
           tunnel... Queenie, setting down her weapon to draw him out... 
           Queenie pushing over the lantern to start the fire that drove 
           him from his hiding place... the girls Blocking the windows 
           and doors in his home so he had to flee to the basement... 
           The riot in the streets - to distract his police protection. 

           In short - Jack The Ripper has been played. 

           Every step of this night as distraction, misdirection or 
           ruse. The predator hunted by the very prey he was hunting. 

           Realizing, the Ripper gives a slow laugh, stumbling into the 
           rocky walls of the tunnel. 

           He slides down to the ground, blood and bowels pouring from 
           him. Even so, he looks at the women gathered round, defiant 
           in spite of the odds; ever a lion amongst hyenas. 

                                 RIPPER
                        Rakshasa shall keep returning, in 
                        new forms, feasting on this modern -

           SCHLICK! Queenie stabs the Ripper through the throat, 
           severing his jugular, voice box and spinal column at once.

           Jack the Ripper dies, the words still on his lips, eyes going 
           glassy, pupils dilating as his breath slows to nothing.

           It’s over. The girls gather round the body, as if not 
           believing the infamous Jack The Ripper is dead.

           Queenie hangs back, bloody and wet - gingerly moving her neck 
           after almost having it snapped. She scowls at Ezz.

                                 QUEENIE
                        You were late. 

                                 EZZ
                        I followed your plan. But -

                                 QUEENIE
                        No. I told you to head us off at 
                        the Fenchurch intersection.

           Ezz goes to retort, but stops as Lydia steps behind Queenie, 
           pulling something from her pockets.

           Lydia holds a handful of diamonds and jade carvings from the 
           Ripper’s home - priceless antiquities. 
                                 LYDIA HART
                        The Opium Kings’ll pay handsome to 
                        be able return these home.

           Lydia wraps Queenie’s hand around the treasures.

                                 LYDIA HART (CONT'D)
                        Enough to pay taxes on a 
                        Whitechapel pub, I’d wager.

           Up top, drifting down from the construction entrance, the 
           shrill whistles and shouts of CONSTABLES getting closer.

                                 CONSTABLE (O.S.)
                        Send some men down into the subway!

                                 EZZ
                        Those crooked Coppers find us with 
                        his body, we’d be better off dead.

           Coming from behind them, the jingle of metal and footsteps.  

           They’re being boxed in - Coppers coming from the south and 
           their only exit crawling with police above. 

           Queenie looks around - no way out. They’re caught.

           She tightens her grip on the Ripper’s blade, ready to fight 
           in the tight subway tunnels of London. 

           The Forty Elephants see this, and step beside their Queen.

                                 EZZ (CONT'D)
                        Um, Queenie?

                                 QUEENIE
                        Not now.

                                 EZZ
                        I didn’t follow your plan exactly.

           From out of the shadows, the Toshers step. A huge crew of 
           them, easily twenty. Queenie steps forward, knife in hand.

           Boss Tosh ignores her, noticing the Ripper’s body. To Ezz: 

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        He the one?

           Ezz nods, ripping the new pocket watch hanging from Jack The 
           Ripper’s vest and tossing it to one of the Toshers.  

           The sewer scavenger bites down on the watch - and nods. It’s 
           gold. Satisfied, the Toshers pull hatchets, knives and saws. 
           Queenie tenses, but the Toshers walk past her, to the body.

                                 EZZ
                        We also need to get out of here, 
                        with no one seeing.

           The sounds of the police above gets closer. Boss Tosh nods.

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        Aye. We know every tunnel, corner 
                        and crevasse of this whole city.

           Queenie points to the Ripper’s body.

                                 QUEENIE
                        What about -

                                 BOSS TOSH
                        Aww love, relax. Gonna be like you, 
                        and him, never even existed. 

           EXT. OLD CITY - FENCHURCH STREET - NIGHT 

           The aftermath from the earlier riots - police patrol as the 
           whistles of fire wagons cut the night.

           A few CONSTABLES scan the streets for any sign of rioters.

           From sewer holes and construction sites, toshers crawl from 
           the shadows and drains.

           Only, it’s the Forty Elephants, wearing the tattered jackets 
           and britches of the Toshers - their faces smudged with muck.

           Aberline stands on the corner, barking orders to his men. He 
           doesn’t notice as Queenie walks right by him, long hair 
           hidden under a dirty newsboy cap.

           EXT. BLACKFRIARS BRIDGE - DAY

           Two Months Later 

           The old bridge on the edge of East End, this road into 
           Whitechapel buzzes with activity in the Spring sun.

           Workday crowds cross over the Thames, weaving between 
           carriages and carts. 

           Thomas Bulling moves through the crowd. He looks healthier 
           now - a beard covering his many scars, his clothes clean. 

           He stops on the middle of the bridge, checking his watch.
                                 QUEENIE (O.S.)
                        You’re late. Was about to leave.

           Bulling is startled to see Queenie, suddenly behind him. 
           Perfectly dressed as always, she buys a paper from a newsboy.

                                 BULLING
                        You’re a hard woman to find.

                                 QUEENIE
                        Safety precautions. After all, 
                        Whitechapel is a dangerous place. 

                                 BULLING
                        Especially now, since District 
                        Railway has abandoned plans for 
                        stations in Whitechapel. They’ve 
                        stopped buying properties, shut 
                        down construction, rescinded all 
                        offers. Officially, they see the 
                        subway as just a wealthy pastime. 

                                 QUEENIE
                        Yes. I read your articles.

                                 BULLING
                        Though, I’ve heard whispers that 
                        Whitechapel was not welcoming to 
                        their kind.

                                 QUEENIE
                        I heard that, too.

                                 BULLING
                        Have you also heard that the police 
                        have no leads on the Ripper? No 
                        intention to follow up on any, I’m 
                        told. The Commissioner who took 
                        over after Warren went missing has 
                        reassigned Aberline at the request 
                        of Buckingham. The riot wasn’t 
                        reported in any press editions. 
                        Some are whispering Scotland Yard 
                        or someone more powerful spent a 
                        fortune to keep the papers quiet.  

           Queenie steps to the railing, staring out at the river.

                                 BULLING (CONT'D)
                        And I’ve gotten no more letters. 
                        You don’t have any idea what 
                        happened to... him, do you?
                                 QUEENIE
                        Same thing I told our new 
                        Commissioner. He could be anywhere.

                                 BULLING
                        A good journalist would have 
                        theories - that there’s no more 
                        killings cause there’s no more 
                        Ripper. In fact, some journalists 
                        theorize that if the Ripper was 
                        never proven dead, then there’d be 
                        no need for revenge or retribution 
                        from those factions that would want 
                        to cover their involvement.

           Bulling and Queenie share a moment, gazing over the water.

                                 QUEENIE
                        That’s quite a theory. 

           Bulling catches a flash of metal in the sunlight.

           There, in the folded newspaper in Queenie’s hand - the curved 
           and double pointed blade of Jack The Ripper.

           Bulling is paralyzed with fear, as if the scars the Ripper 
           cut into him still ache.

                                 QUEENIE (CONT'D)
                        History may not remember, but 
                        Whitechapel will.

           Queenie lets the blade slide from the newspaper - tumbling 
           end over end into the black Thames below. Bulling watches it 
           fall, the river swallowing the knife. 

           The Queen of the Forty Elephants simply gives Bulling a nod 
           and walks away, disappearing into the crowd.

           Bulling looks for her on the busy bridge - catching glimpses 
           of Ezz, of Lydia, of the other Elephant girls. 

           They’ve been watching him. He takes a step towards them. 

           But, like ghosts, they blend into the crowd. He takes a few 
           more steps, but realizes that it’s a lost cause. 

           With a sigh, Bulling heads back the way he came. 

           Soon, even he is swallowed by the Whitechapel crowds.

                                                          T H E  E N D.
