                            M A G A Z I N E   D R E A M S

                                     Written by

                                    Elijah Bynum
           “Here is what I would like for you to know: In America, it is 
           traditional to destroy the black body -- it is heritage.”

           ~ Ta-Nehisi Coates

           “I am an invisible man. No I am not a spook like those who 
           haunted Edgar Allen Poe: Nor am I one of your Hollywood movie 
           ectoplasms. I am a man of substance, of flesh and bone, fiber 
           and liquids, and I might even be said to possess a mind. I am 
           invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me.”

           - Ralph Ellison
           INT. GYM - NIGHT

           It is past midnight and only one light burns. The rest of the 
           world drops off into shadow. 

           Captured beneath the lonely cone of light is a mountain of a man.

           A black man.

           CAMERA lurks toward him...

           He’s lifting a frightening amount of weight. Sweat has bled 
           through his hoodie and puddled at his feet. 

           Wide shoulders and a hulking back heave as he sucks for oxygen -- 
           eyes locked into his reflection with sweltering intensity.

           The arms of KILLIAN MADDOX tremble as he grimaces through the 
           burn, fatigue seizes his muscles to failure -- he drops the 
           weights. Grunts, snorts -- ashamed, enraged. 

           He SLAPS himself across the face. Grunts like an animal. Spits 
           onto the floor. Slaps himself again. Harder. Grunts louder. Fury.

           Hauls the weight back up and continues to lift...

           SCORE bleeds in...something anxious and haunting and 
           devastatingly somber. It carries over...

           INT. QUIET STREET - NIGHT

           Night has fallen on the American suburbs. Televisions glow 
           inside middle-class homes as street lamps bathe the neighborhood 
           in an eerie golden hue. Somewhere a dog is barking.

           Killian jogs down the middle of the street, headphones on.

           CAMERA follows behind... a sense of quiet menace in the air...

           The tender SCORE is slowly overtaken by “SONNE” by Rammstein. 

           The raging heavy metal and tender score wrestle for the 
           soundwaves, melting into a violent melody of contradiction.

                    Title card: Magazine Dreams
           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           A cluttered, modest house. Quiet and dark inside. Killian pours 
           a bowl of dog food and sets it down before an awaiting canine.

           LATER  

           Hunched over a small kitchen table. An overhead lamp casts 
           odd shadows down his face, eyes hiding in the dark recesses.

           In front of him a small mountain of food: 

           15 hard boiled eggs. A lean 8 oz steak. Steamed broccoli. A 
           sweet potato. A heap of brown rice. A gallon jug of water.

           An emotionless gaze is fixed on a little TV resting in the room’s 
           corner. He pushes bland food into his mouth as he passively 
           watches the nightly news.

           On screen: black faces wanted by police.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Wearing only a pair of small white briefs Killian stands 
           before a body length mirror. 

           He cycles through a series of bodybuilder poses. Rippling 
           muscles pop and bulge through his black skin. 

           CAMERA is low, he towers over us, grunting and quivering like 
           some agonized and tortured beast. 

           The SCORE swirls and dances.

           WIDER ANGLE REVEALS

           Walls plastered with POSTERS of professional bodybuilders.   
           Deeply tanned skin shrink wrapped around freakishly huge 
           physiques. All frozen in some hellish grimace.

           Killian continues his posing routine...

           The way his face contorts, the blooming focus in his eyes, 
           the mausoleum of hairless oiled male bodies surrounding him, 
           it’s a surreal image. A chamber decorated with human flesh.

           LATER 

           Sitting on the edge of his bed, guzzling a protein, shake. 
           His laptop is open. Porn plays. He gazes blankly at the screen 
           as he drinks. Sounds of hard fucking fill the lonely room.

           He finishes the last of his shake. 

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - MORNING

           At the kitchen table eating breakfast:

           A plate of scrambled egg whites (15). Two plain chicken 
           breasts. A bowl of unsweetend oatmeal. A bowl of unsweetened 
           greek yogurt. Three plain pancakes. Two bananas. A 
           grapefruit. A cup of black coffee. A gallon jug of water.

           The small TV plays. The dog rests at his feet. 

           He chews and swallows. Chews and swallows.

           WIDER ANGLE REVEALS

           Sitting across the table, his GRANDFATHER. 

           Stooped over. Jaundice skin and sunken cheeks, in poor health.

           The grandfather’s unsteady hand brings a spoonful of soup to 
           his mouth but the tubes from his oxygen tank get in the way. 

           Killian does not intervene, trying to respect his grandfather’s 
           dignity. When the feat proves too difficult Killian leans across 
           and adjusts the tubes. Not a word spoken between them.

           Killian’s eyes return to the TV. Local morning news. Somewhere a 
           black man has been arrested. America is a little safer now.

           Killian pushes another bland mound of food into his mouth.

           On the wall above hangs a framed picture of Jesus Christ.

           INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECKOUT LINE - DAY 

           Killian bags customer’s groceries. A WOMAN and her TEENAGE 
           DAUGHTER. The daughter is screaming at her mom.

           They fight as if Killian isn’t even there.

                                 TEENAGE DAUGHTER
                        ...you literally try to control like 
                        every part of my life. Like, it’s fucking 
                        insane what I deal with. 
                                 TEENAGE DAUGHTER (CONT'D)
                                 TEENAGE DAUGHTER (CONT'D)
                        Literally insane. Do you ever think -- 
                        for one second -- how I might feel?

                                 WOMAN
                        I’m sorry sweetie.

                                 DAUGHTER
                        ...fucking insane...

           Killian keeps his eyes on the groceries. 

           Invisible to them.

           LATER

           A heavy set MAN in the checkout line. He talks loudly into 
           his bluetooth. He hasn’t once glanced at Killian.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Paper or plastic?

           The heavy set man doesn’t hear him, continues jabbering away.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Would you like paper or plastic?

           Still nothing.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Excuse me? Sir? 

           The man pulls the bluetooth from his ear, annoyed --

                                 HEAVY SET MAN
                        What are you saying?

           LATER

           A WHITE KID (22) scrolls through his phone as Killian bags his 
           groceries. Trap music blares from the kid’s headphones. He 
           nods his head to the music, mouthing the lyrics, eyes on his 
           phone, he hasn’t looked up once, as if Killian does not exist.

           Killian glares at the kid. A flicker of disgust in his eyes.

           WIDE ANGLE ON KILLIAN

           Trapped by a sea of products, mass produced and packaged in 
           plastic. He bags the groceries, monotonous, like a robot.

                                 WOMANS’ VOICE (PRELAP)
                        It says here you were recently 
                        hospitalized with blood clots.
           INT. STATE MANDATED COUNSELOR OFFICE - DAY

           The voice belongs to a middle-aged woman. She is a STATE 
           MANDATED COUNSELOR. Killian sits across from her with a gaze 
           that is both enigmatic and intimidatingly direct.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. I was.

           The counselor glances down at her notes. 

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Now what’s this about a “violent fit”?

                                 KILLIAN
                        ....?

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Says here when you were in the hospital 
                        you had “a violent fit” and became “loud 
                        and abrasive with the nurses.”        
                        And that you threatened them.

           Her eyes return to Killian, awaiting his response.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I don’t know about any violent fit.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Did you tell the nurses you were going to...
                             (refers back to her notes)
                        “Split their skulls apart and drink 
                        their brains like soup?”

           Killian stares back, yes, he did. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        I don’t like people touching me.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Killian, the state has mandated these 
                        sessions because they are worried 
                        about your aggression. They want to 
                        see that you won’t cause harm to 
                        anyone. And that you’re still capable 
                        of caring for your grandfather.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I am.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Can we help show them that you are?
                                 KILLIAN
                        My grandpa was a bodybuilder also.    
                        Did I tell you that?

           She remains patient, allowing the digression.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Yes. You did.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I have a contest in a few weeks. If I 
                        place I can go to Nationals and try for 
                        my Pro Card. That's why I'm cutting.

           A dash of worry across the counselor’s face.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        You’re cutting yourself?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Leaning out. Not eating as much.

           The counselor takes a moment, shifting her tone...

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Are you still having nightmares?

           A darkness rolls behind his eyes...he lies;

                                 KILLIAN
                        I don’t know what you’re talking about.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        According to the history here it says you 
                        suffer from migraines and nightmares.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You mean like bad dreams? 
                             (he lies)
                        No...that’s not true.
                             (beat)
                        Yeah sometimes, so what?

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        And...that sometimes you can hear your 
                        mother’s voice...in your head...or 
                        other voices...talking to you.

           A looong pause as Killian stares back at her. Then, finally:
                                 KILLIAN
                        No.
                        I think you got your files mixed up.              

           She remains polite and patient. Genuinely concerned for the 
           wellbeing of this giant man. She continues, gently:

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Do you often feel that people don’t 
                        understand you?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I dunno. 
                             (beat)
                        Sometimes.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Do you feel that anyone understands you?

           A moment...

                                 KILLIAN
                        My mom. My dad.

           She shifts gears, gently...

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Last time...when I tried to bring 
                        up what happened with your parents 
                        you became emotional and you sa --

                                 KILLIAN
                        No I didn’t. 

           The counselor ignores the lie. Nonjudgmental. Continues...

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        You became emotional and you said 
                        you didn’t want to talk about --

                                 KILLIAN
                        -- No I didn’t -- and I’ve said it 
                        now in a calm and non-
                        confrontational voice. 
                             (beat)
                        I don’t want to talk about them anymore.      

           She backs off, gathers herself. Takes a different approach.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        What would you like to talk about, Killian?
           He gazes around the room...thinking of what to say...

                                 KILLIAN
                        I have to drive to another 
                        neighborhood to get groceries 
                        because they don’t have any grocery 
                        stores in my neighborhood.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Yeah? How does that make you feel?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No grocery stores. Only junk food. 
                        Food that kills you. Do you think 
                        they do that on purpose?

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Who’s “they” Killian?

           Killian takes a moment. Deciding if he can trust her...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Nevermind.

           He looks around the room once more, his mind wandering...

                                 KILLIAN
                        I think people are lazy. I think people 
                        want good things to happen but don't 
                        want to work for them. My grandpa, he 
                        put in the work...did two tours in 
                        Vietnam. Served this country. Most 
                        people don't want to work. 
                             (beat)
                        And they're gluttonous. You should see 
                        how much crap food people buy. It would 
                        make you sick. Makes me sick.
                             (beat)
                        Just makes me sick.

           The counselor strains a polite smile. Scribbles down some notes. 
           Killian turns and gazes out the window. 

           CLOSE ON

           - A syringe sinking into an ampule of trenbolone. Drawing the 
           liquid up into the barrel...

           - A needle popping into flesh. The plunger depresses, pushing 
           the toxic liquid down...

           WIDER ANGLE reveals Killian in his --

           BEDROOM
           Where he finishes injecting the steroids. 

           Now he plunges the syringe into an ampule of testosterone-
           propionate and injects that into his butt cheek as well. 

           Finally he loads up a syringe with Winstrol and injects that 
           into his upper thigh.

           A tiny pin drop of blood at the injection site. He daps the 
           blood away and sucks it from his fingertip.

           INT. GYM - EVENING

           Killian pumps weights. Dripping sweat. A man possessed.

           INT. GYM POOL - EVENING

           Killian does some light calisthenics in the pool. 

           Across the way THREE WHITE GUYS from the gym wade in the 
           shallow end, talking and laughing amongst themselves. Killian 
           observes them, yearning for the friendship, the camaraderie.

           KILLIAN’S EYES travel over the men in silent wonder...their 
           straight hair...their narrow noses...their thin lips.....over 
           their bodies now...their sculpted shoulders...their rock hard 
           chests...the way the water laps around their toned abdomens.

           Some strange carnal sensation expands within him.

           He slowly sinks beneath the water’s surface and drifts to the 
           bottom of the pool. He floats there, as if dead -- suspended in 
           the liquid like some exotic species preserved in a glass jar.

           HOLD on this image for an uncomfortably long time...

           INT. GYM - MEN’S LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT

           The three gym guys are talking amongst themselves as they get 
           dressed. Killian sits alone, tying his shoes, nobody talks to him. 

           It’s as if he’s invisible to them.

           He makes a clumsy attempt to break into their conversation:

                                 KILLIAN
                        You guys been to the Applebees yet?
           The guys stop talking and look over at Killian, confused, not 
           sure if that was aimed towards them.

                                 GYM GUY 1
                        What?

                                 KILLIAN
                        They just opened a new one.
                        They have all you can eat tonight.

           The statement hangs there as the guys trade glances.

                                 GYM GUY 1
                        Why do you talk like that?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Talk like what?

           Little condescending smirks on the guys mouths. Toying with him.

                                 GYM GUY 1
                        Never mind.

                                 GYM GUY 2
                        I told the girlfriend I’d eat with 
                        her tonight.

                                 GYM GUY 3
                        Yeah I got plans, too.

           Killian nods. He’s used to this kind of thing.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Cool.

           He picks up his gym bag and leaves. Once he’s gone the three 
           guys look at each other and snicker.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - BATHROOM - NIGHT

           Killian helps guide his frail grandfather into the bathtub.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Dear Brent. It’s Killian again. 
                        I’ve written you a few times before 
                        and haven’t heard back. I’m sure 
                        you get a lot of fan mail and must 
                        not have seen my letters.
           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Killian pours a bowl of dog food and sets it down before his dog.

           LATER 

           Hunched over a small kitchen table. An overhead lamp casting 
           odd shadows down his face. 

           In front of him sits a small mountain of food: 

           15 hard boiled eggs. Two chicken breasts. Steamed broccoli. A 
           sweet potato. A heap of brown rice. A gallon jug of water.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Anyway, I’m leaving my phone number 
                        here in this letter in case you’d like 
                        to call me. We can talk about training 
                        or diet or anything you want.

           His emotionless gaze is fixed on the little TV. Nightly news. 
           Someone somewhere has been shot and killed. America is 
           dangerous once again. Killian pushes the food into his mouth.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I saw your new magazine cover, I 
                        think it’s the best I’ve ever seen.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Standing in his underwear before the mirror, entombed by the 
           body building posters, Killian cycles through his poses 

           One centerfold in particular is larger than the rest: 

           It’s of IFBB Pro Brent Vanderhorn. Blonde hair. Blue eyes. 
           Jaw of stone and the body of Zeus. Tanned. Oiled. Glistening.

           CAMERA floats in on the frozen image...

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I think you are a great athlete and I 
                        admire you greatly. I see you won your 
                        last competition. Congratulations. I 
                        have one coming up. Please wish me luck. 

           CAMERA floats back in on Killian, flexing and gazing at the 
           image of Brent Vanderhorn.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I have your poster on my wall and I 
                        look at it every day. 
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
                        I’m working hard and one day hope 
                        to build a physique as magnificent 
                        as yours.

           LATER 

           Hunched over his desk, writing the letter we’ve just heard aloud.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Please call or write me back.       
                        Your number one fan, Killian Maddox.

           He finishes writing and puts his pen down. Scanning over his 
           letter as he guzzles down a chocolate protein shake.

           Types something into his lap top. 

           The sound of hard fucking fills the lonely room.

           He gazes expressionlessly at the screen as he drinks. 

           PRELAP: the sound of a cheering crowd...

           INT. LARGE GYMNASIUM - BACKSTAGE - DAY

           Killian warms up backstage at a regional competition.

           A dozen other bodybuilders warm up as well. They do push ups 
           and bicep curls, pumping blood into muscle. Some are quiet and 
           focused, others grunt and shout, psyching themselves up.

           Killian is one of the quiet ones. Alone in the corner, mumbling 
           under his breath. Immense concentration on his face.

           SLOW ZOOM in on his eyes....something frightening behind them.

           INT. LARGE GYMNASIUM - MAINSTAGE - LATER

           Killian is on stage with THREE OTHER BODYBUILDERS. All of 
           them oiled up, wearing small posing trunks.

           The HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE comes over a speaker:

                                 HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE
                        Front lat spread.

           Killian and the others strike the pose.

                                 HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE
                        Front double bicep...side chest...
           The men turn and pose. Flexing and holding contraction. 
           Muscles tremble, striations ripple below the skin.

           A PANEL OF JUDGES gaze up at them. Their faces inscrutable 
           and indifferent. 

                                 HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE
                        Rear lat spread.

           The men turn around and pose. Yelps of encouragement come 
           hurdling from the faceless crowd.

                                 PEOPLE IN THE CROWD
                        Here we go Jake! / C’mon Kyle!

           Nobody cheers for Killian.

                                 HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE
                        Rear double biceps...side triceps..

           The men turn to the side and pose.

                                 HEAD JUDGE’S VOICE
                        Abdominal and thigh.

           The men face front and pose.

           CAMERA slowly pushes in on Killian until he fills the frame... 

           Time slows. Sound drops away. 

           Just SCORE now, playing like a symphony for this strange ballet. 

           Camera FLASHES pop from the crowd, dancing off his oiled black 
           skin. He looks to be in complete pain. And complete ecstasy.

                                                           DISSOLVE TO:

           TRACKING left to right over rows of packaged chicken... 

           Mass processed. Homogenized. Shrink wrapped in cellophane.

           INT. SUPERMARKET - POULTRY AISLE - DAY

           REVEAL Killian slowly rolling his cart along the poultry 
           section, peering down at the packaged chicken... 

           He stops and picks up one of the styrofoam packages, inspects it, 
           then picks up five more packages and places them into his cart.

           Several feet down AN OLDER WHITE WOMAN is perusing the 
           chicken as well. As Killian nears a subtle, quiet tension 
           stiffens her body. Her eyes remain downcast on the chicken as 
           she watches the large black man through her periphery. 
           Her shoulders tense. She moves her purse to the opposite side 
           of her body and takes a small step away.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Sorry.

           Killian takes another package of chicken and leaves.

           INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECK OUT AISLE - DAY

           Overhead POV: as his food glides down the conveyor belt:

           Five dozen eggs. Six packages of chicken breast. Three lean 
           steaks. Ground turkey. Cottage cheese. A dozen cans of tuna. 
           A sack of potatoes. A sack of rice. Three canisters of  
           oatmeal. Toilet paper. Vegetables and a few gallons of water.

           WIDER ANGLE REVEALS

           Killian placing the last of his items on the conveyor belt. 
           Surrounded by gum, candy, magazines.

           The CASHIER’s eyes come up and immediately recognize him. 
           She’s older than him, around 40, hispanic, pretty, but shy. 
           And we sense behind her friendly eyes hides a quiet sadness. 

                                 CASHIER
                        Oh, hi there.

           Killian eeks out a self conscious smile.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hi.

           It’s obvious he’s attracted to her and has been for awhile. 
           And it’s obvious that she’s aware of this fact. What’s 
           unclear, at this point, is if she feels the same.

           She smiles back, drops her eyes, and continues to scan. 

           A long silence passes as Killian searches for something to say.

                                 KILLIAN
                        It must be around...4 o’clock.

           She looks up again, not understanding...

                                 KILLIAN
                        On Tuesdays you’re here from 4-8 and on 
                        Saturdays you work the night shift.
                                 CASHIER
                        Oh yeah. Yup...And you always get 
                        the same amount of eggs.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah. Love my eggs. Ha.

           Another lull in the conversation as she scans the items and 
           slides them down to the bagger.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Have I told you that I work here too?

                                 CASHIER
                        Monday, Wednesday, Friday, right? 
                        That’s why we never work at the 
                        same time.

                                 KILLIAN
                        That’s right. Good memory.

           Another pause as Killian has run out of things to say. She 
           picks up the slack.

                                 CASHIER
                        So...how are things?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I actually just had a competition.

                                 CASHIER
                        Oh nice.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Placed 6th.

           She gives an empathetic smile.

                                 KILLIAN
                        No 6th is good. Yeah. Means I can go 
                        to Nationals and go for my Pro Card.

                                 CASHIER
                        Oh cool.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Maybe be on one of these magazines one day.

                                 CASHIER
                        That’d be cool. Total comes to... 

                                 KILLIAN
                         -- $74.88. Yup, saw it on the screen.
           He hands over $75 in cash.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Keep the change. Ha.

           She smiles, polite.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Well...see ya next time.

                                 CASHIER
                        Yup. See ya.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Okay.

                                 CASHIER
                        Okay then.

           Killian stands there awkwardly just smiling at her. She looks 
           at him, not knowing what he wants. A few more seconds pass...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Bye.

                                 CASHIER
                        Bye.

           He pushes his cart towards the automated doors. His smile 
           drops, disappointed with himself....

           SUPERMARKET PARKING LOT -- MOMENTS LATER

           Killian pops his car trunk and loads in the grocery bags one by 
           one. He’s shaking his head, mumbling to himself. Playing the 
           interaction back in his mind. He feels ashamed and cowardly. 

           He loads the last bag. Stops. Holding there. An idea coming 
           over him. A wave of inspiration. 

           He closes the trunk and looks back at the supermarket.

           Summoning courage...

           INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECK OUT AISLE - MOMENTS LATER

           The cashier is helping another customer when he interrupts --
                                 KILLIAN
                        Sorry -- sorry to do this here -- 
                        and right now -- at your work -- 
                        when you’re working -- but I don’t 
                        know where else I’d -- would you 
                        like to maybe go out with me 
                        sometime..? or..?

           Her cheeks flush hot.

                                 CASHIER
                        Oh. Um...

                                 KILLIAN
                        You don’t have to. Just in case you 
                        wanted to.

                                 CASHIER
                        I, um...

           She gives an embarrassed smile to the waiting customer, not 
           sure what to say. Looks back at Killian...

                                 KILLIAN
                        You probably have a boyfriend or 
                        something anyway. Nevermind.

           Killian hands her a small piece of paper.

                                 KILLIAN
                        This is my phone number in case 
                        you change your mind or you dump 
                        your boyfriend. Just kidding. That 
                        was a joke. I was gonna give you 
                        my number last week but you 
                        weren’t here, anyway, now you have 
                        it. Have a good day. Goodbye.

           And before she can say anything he turns and hurries away.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

           Killian is on the couch, 15 egg whites and a bowl of rice in 
           front of him. He eats and watches the TV.

           On screen: an old grainy video of the 1997 Mr. Olympia Contest.

           The biggest and most successful body builders in the world 
           flex and pose on stage. 
           Killian gazes at the screen, a childlike wonder in his 
           unblinking eyes.

           The TV’s blue glow flickers on his face, illuminating not 
           just passion but something darker, more obsessive. 

           His lips move along with the commentary. He has it memorized. 

           He’s watched this tape a thousand times.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Killian is in nothing but his underwear.

           He places a small DIGITAL CAMERA on a tripod. Hits ‘record’ then 
           backs up and settles into place standing before the camera. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. Hello. Killian Maddox here. 
                        Current NPC competitor, future IFBB 
                        Pro champion. The fundamentals of 
                        bodybuilding are as old as the --

           He cuts himself off. Unsatisfied. Checks the camera display, 
           doesn’t like what he sees.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Darnit.

           MOMENTS LATER

           Unplugs a lamp and drags it across the room. Takes a smaller 
           bedside lamp and angles it, trying to create a studio 
           lighting set up. Examines his set up. Something is missing.

           MOMENTS LATER

           He hangs a white bedsheet from his window to create a backdrop.

           MOMENTS LATER

           Killian is standing before the recording camera again.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hello. Killian Maddox here. Current 
                        NPC competitor, future IFBB Pro 
                        champion. The fundamentals of 
                        bodybuilding are as old as the 
                        sport itself. For true success one 
                        must master these poses. Okay, here 
                        are the eight fundamental poses.
           He begins to pose. Squeezing. Holding his breath. Veins bulge 
           in his forehead. He stops. Disappointed. Checks the camera 
           display, doesn’t like what he sees.

           MOMENTS LATER

           - Banging out push ups

           - Bicep curls

           MOMENTS LATER

           Killian poses for the camera. Doesn’t like what he sees.

           SHOWER

           Shaving his chest

           MOMENTS LATER

           Killian poses for the camera. Flexing insanely hard. Veins 
           engorge in his neck and forehead. His face fire red. 

           He checks the playback. Doesn’t like what he sees.

           A tingling in his left arm. He rubs at it. Squeezing his hand 
           open and closed. Ignores the pain.

           SHOWER

           Shaving his arms and legs now

           MOMENTS LATER

           - Banging out push ups

           - Pumping out bicep curls

           He drops the weight -- clutches his chest. Dizzy. 

           Drops to a knee, winces in pain as he holds his chest. 

           He waits there a moment, allowing the pain to pass.

           This is nothing new.

           MOMENTS LATER

           More push ups
           MOMENTS LATER

           Killian poses for the camera. He’s pouring sweat now. He 
           flexes with all this might.

           He checks the play back. This will have to do.

           CLOSE ON A COMPUTER SCREEN

           The video is uploaded to his YouTube page.

           CLOSE ON

           Killian’s face as he stares down at the screen...

           ...waits.............waits.........refreshes........waits....

           LATER

           Sitting on the edge of his bed eating a can of tuna fish. The 
           blue computer screen glare provides the room’s only light.

           He refreshes the page once again.

           3 thumbs up.

           A cautious smile comes across his face.

           4 comments. He reads them:

           “fat faggot lol”     

           “baboon”     

           “this guy looks like he fucks little boys”

           “too much fried chicken, not enough watermelon”

           His smile fades. 

           He shuts the computer and stares into the dark...

           INT. GYM - BATHROOM STALL - NIGHT

           Killian finishes shooting Winstrol into his thigh.

           He knocks a bump of COCAINE onto the back of his head. Snorts 
           it up hard and fast. Does one for the other nostril.
           INT. GYM - NIGHT

           Killian jacks up weights. Pantera blaring from his headphones.

           Eyes blazing into his reflection. Terrifying determination. 

           LONG SLOW ZOOM into his reflection...his eyes...

           Fluorescent gym lights flicker overhead like silent omens.

           EXT. STREET - NIGHT

           Killian jogging home along a darkened street... 

           Vehicle headlights approaching from behind wash over his back 
           and illuminate him in the night. 

           The lights belong to a POLICE SUV. The vehicle pulls even with 
           Killian, rolling alongside him at a few miles an hour. Engine 
           purring like a hungry animal, exhaust billowing into the cold 
           evening air. Faceless occupants concealed behind tinted windows. 

           Killian keeps his eyes forward, ignoring the taunt, as if not 
           to provoke the armed agent of the state. Tonight is not the 
           first time this has happened. Lessons have been learned.

           The SPOTLIGHT pops on -- scorching light blanches Killian’s 
           face. A chilling display of territorial dominance, observing 
           him as if he were an unwelcome species. A violent species. 
           Prodding him. Daring him to engage.

           Killian’s eyes remain averted, submissive, conceding. The 
           alpha male will not be challenged. The spotlight cuts off and 
           the victor speeds away into the night. 

           The street is once again dark and quiet.

           Killian exhales and we realize now that he had not been breathing.

           PRELAP: A phone ringing through the line...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - EVENING

           Killian has the phone to his ear, waiting for his call to be 
           answered. A MAN’S VOICE on the other end picks up.

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Donaghue's roofing and painting.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. Hi. Hello. My name is Killian 
                        Maddox. I’m calling on behalf of 
                        William Lattimore, my grandpa. We 
                        live at 58 Tracy lane.

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Okay...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah, you guys painted the house, I 
                        think it was a few weeks ago...

           The voice, vaguely annoyed, retorts:

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Okay. And what can I help you with?

                                 KILLIAN
                        My grandpa says the paint looks 
                        thin and needs another coat and 
                        he’s been trying to get you guys to 
                        come back out but says you’ve been 
                        blowing him off.

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Yeah, he’s been calling us -- maybe 
                        you can help your grandpa 
                        understand; the job is finished, 
                        okay? -- it’s done, so we’re not 
                        going to just come back out there.

           Killian’s blood begins to boil. He takes some calming breaths....

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Hello?

           Killian, trying his best to remain calm and polite:

                                 KILLIAN
                        I don’t think you understand what I’m 
                        saying. The paint is thin. It needs 
                        another coat. So I need you guys to 
                        come back out here, now, okay, please, 
                        and put another coat of paint on my 
                        Goddamn grandpa’s Goddamn house.

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Listen man --
                                 KILLIAN
                        No no no you listen -- my grandpa 
                        is an American war hero that 
                        stormed the jungles of Vietnam. 
                        What have you done?

           Bewildered silence on the other end.

                                 KILLIAN
                        He’s old and he’s sick and you will 
                        treat him with respect. I’m asking 
                        nicely while using a very calm voice. 

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        If you want us to come back out to 
                        the house you’ll have to pay for it.

           Triggered. Steam billows from Killian’s ears. He closes his eyes. 
           In through the nose, out through the mouth. Slow and calming.

                                 KILLIAN
                             (exhale)
                        Ten...I control my emotions my 
                        emotions do not control me. 
                             (inhale...exhale...)
                        Nine...I control my emotions my 
                        emotions do not control me
                             (inhale...)

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        What?

                                 KILLIAN
                             (exhale...)
                        Eight. I control my emotions my 
                        emotions do not control me.

           Inhale. Exhale. Killian’s eyes open again.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Are you in your store right now?

                                 MAN’S VOICE
                        Uh yeah brotha, you called us here.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m going to come down there,          
                        right now, and I’m going to split 
                        apart your skull and drink your 
                        brains like soup.
           Killian calmly hangs up. Sets down the phone. Stands there 
           for a moment, very still, collecting his thoughts.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Grandpa.

           We hear his grandpa moan from the other room.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m headed out for a bit.

           EXT. DONAGHUE’S ROOFING AND PAINTING - NIGHT

           The store is closed for the night. Nobody inside. Killian’s 
           car screeches up to the front of the shop. Killian hops out -- 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Cowards.

           and without breaking stride PUNCHES straight through the store’s 
           front window. The glass shatters and falls. An alarm BLARES.

                                 KILLIAN
                        This is what you get for messing 
                        with an American hero of war! 

           He winds up and punches the next pane of glass. It too 
           shatters and falls.

                                 KILLIAN
                        This is what you get!

           A deep gash in his forearm now -- blood leaks as if from a 
           ruptured hose. He ignores the pain, blinded with rage.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Stormed the jungles of Vietnam.
                        This is what you get... 
                        This is what you get...

           He kicks out the rest of the glass with his heel -- a 
           tingling in his left arm. Dizzy. He winces. Squeezes his hand 
           open and shut. Tries to talk through the pain.

                                 KILLIAN
                        ...this is what you get...       
                        for messing...with an... 
                        american...hero...of war...

           Clutches his chest now, staggering backward...
           An ELDERLY WOMAN has been watching him from a distance. Stoic 
           and bewildered. Killian sees her, tries to run away, woozy, 
           stumbles into his car -- blood smears over the hood --

            -- struggles to turn the ignition, speeds off, swerving wildly --

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           One hand on the wheel as the other tries to wipe the slippery 
           blood. No luck, it just spreads across the dash.

           A sharp pain cuts through his chest. He grits his teeth, 
           grimaces, light headed now, trembling blood slicked hands 
           slipping off the steering wheel...

           His breath becomes shallow and wheezy. His eyes roll white 
           and his head goes limp as he loses consciousness. 

           The car veers off the road and crashes into a ditch. His head 
           slams into the dashboard -- knocking him out cold.

           EXT. STREET - NIGHT

           Hold on the image of his car face first in a ditch. Steam 
           rises from the bent hood. Horn blaring into the night.

           CUT TO BLACK

           The blaring horn holds over the black..

           ...the long mournful note thins out...distorting into a drab and 
           hollow hum, like the buzz of some otherworldly insect.

           Hints of color -- green and blue -- tiny bursts of luminescence 
           in the deep dark, heaving, refracting growing brighter.It's as if 
           we are suspended deep underwater, watching fireworks explode 
           across the surface of a raging sea.

           The humming grows louder. The shifting orbs of light take shape. 

           We realize we are looking at a CAT scan. The image is 
           Killian’s brain.

           INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY

           Killian startles awake -- gasping for air...

           A NURSE stands over his bed, changing out his IV bag. She 
           glances down at him and smiles. 
                                 NURSE
                        Good morning. Doctor’s here.

           He blinks, squinting through bleary eyes, taking in the room, 
           trying to find his bearings. 

           A small bandage is wrapped around his forehead and the nurses 
           have done their best to clean the paint off his skin

                                 KILLIAN
                             (hoarse, weak)
                        ...where am I..?

           A DOCTOR briskly enters the room, snapping shut a folder and 
           clicking closed his pen. He extends a hand for Killian to shake.

                                 DOCTOR
                        I’m Dr. Hoberman. I’m one of the 
                        hospital’s internal medicine 
                        doctors. Dr. Kapadia, the 
                        cardiologist, will be in to see 
                        you later. How are you feeling?

           Killian gazes back at this man, still confused...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Is my grandpa okay?

                                 DOCTOR
                        Mr. Maddox you suffered a heart 
                        attack which caused you to lose 
                        consciousness and drive off the road. 
                        You also suffered quite a substantial 
                        concussion which is why you may feel 
                        a little fuzzy right now.

           Details start to fill in, Killian’s memory returning... 

                                 DOCTOR
                        We also ran some other tests and I’m 
                        going to be direct with you: what we 
                        found is concerning. 

           The doctor takes a seat in a chair next to the bed.

                                 DOCTOR
                        You’re showing all the tell tale 
                        signs of anabolic steroid abuse. A 
                        pretty severe level of abuse. Are you 
                        currently taking steroids?

           Beat. Then Killian slowly shakes his head, no.
                                 DOCTOR
                        Have you ever taken steroids in the past?

           Beat. Then Killian slowly shakes his head, no.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Whatever we discuss in this room is 
                        private information. You have a very 
                        serious condition and it’s important 
                        that you’re completely honest with me. 
                        I’m here to help. Do you understand?

           Killian grunts and nods, yes.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Your cholesterol level is close to 
                        four hundred -- which is extremely 
                        high. Your blood pressure is two 
                        forty over one ten. Blood pressure 
                        this high is deadly, okay. You 
                        already had a heart attack, if left 
                        untreated this could lead to an 
                        aneurysm or a stroke, coronary 
                        artery disease. Kidney failure. 
                        Heart failure. These drugs you are 
                        taking are powerful and they are 
                        toxic and your body is beginning to 
                        shut down. You have the organs of 
                        someone twice your age. So let’s try 
                        this again: are you currently taking 
                        any sort of anabolic steroid?

           Beat. Then Killian slowly shakes his head, no. The doctor 
           stifles his frustration, pivots.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Well...your blood work showed 
                        elevated liver enzymes --  we did 
                        a scan and found several tumors 
                        growing on your liver. Now, 
                        they’re not cancerous but they do 
                        need to be removed. So what I’m 
                        going to do is prep you for 
                        surgery this evening and --

           Killian tries to speak but the words get tangled in his throat.

                                 KILLIAN
                        n..gh...no...

                                 DOCTOR
                        What’s that?
                                 KILLIAN
                        ...no surgery.

                                 DOCTOR
                        It’s important we remove the tumors as 
                        soon as possible. If they get worse, 
                        which they will, they could hemorrhage 
                        and that would be very bad.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You're not coming at me with a knife. 

                                 DOCTOR
                        Mr. Maddox --

                                 KILLIAN
                        I can’t have a scar. I’m a bodybuilder.

           A moment as the doctor realizes just how far gone Killian is. 
           He opts for the last resort.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Mr. Maddox, if you don’t do something 
                        about your condition you are going to die.

           Killian takes a moment to think about this...then:

                                 KILLIAN
                        Bodybuilder’s can’t have scars.

           INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - NIGHT

           It’s dark and quiet. Killian pokes his head out of his room 
           and looks to his left, and looks to his right. All clear.

           He pads out, barefoot, and walks away. 

           His hospital gown is open in the back and his bare ass shows.

           HOLD on this shot. 

           SOUND drops away...

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Dear Brent. It’s Killian again. I’m 
                        beginning to think maybe I’m being ignored. 
                        I hope this isn’t true. I really hope not. 

           CLOSE ON

           - A syringe popping into flesh

           - A pill popping onto a tongue
           - A bump of cocaine snorted up a nostril

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Do you check your mail? I check mine 
                        daily and you haven’t written and you 
                        haven’t called. I know you haven’t 
                        had any competitions lately so I know 
                        you can’t be that busy. Are you okay? 
                        I’m worried about you.

           INT. GYM - NIGHT

           Killian hauls weights up and down. Glaring at himself in the 
           mirror, his face twisted into an insane snarl.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Anyway, I was in the hospital last 
                        week. Just thought you should know. 
                        I’m okay. No pain, no glory, right?  
                        I think if you listened you’d see we 
                        have a lot in common. I’d love to 
                        meet you, I have so many questions.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Hunched over his laptop, stuffing his mouth with a banana. 

           Google homepage. He types: liver tumors.

           Scrolls through a serious of grotesque images. 

           He’s completely unfazed, as if reading the weather forecast. 
           Scarfs down the rest of the banana.

           He types: how to make people like me?

           CLOSE ON his eyes as he reads...he finds nothing revelatory.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I’ve attached a picture of myself to 
                        this letter to show my progress. As 
                        you’ll see my chest is really filling 
                        out. I’m working on my upper body, it’s 
                        nowhere near as magnificent as yours 
                        but hopefully one day it will be. 

           He types in something else and the sound of hard fucking fills 
           the lonely room.
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I met a girl at work. Her name is 
                        Jessie. We’ll see where it goes. 
                        I think you would like her.

           INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECK OUT AISLE - DAY

           Killian bags the groceries of A SUBURBAN WOMAN. She blabbers 
           away on her phone. Talking shit about a mutual friend.

           She pays Killian absolutely no mind. He’s invisible to her.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Hopefully one day you and Amanda can 
                        hang out with us. That would be fun.

           A BOXED PIE from the bakery slides down the conveyor belt...

           Killian opens the box and SPITS onto the pie. 

           He closes the box and places it into the woman’s grocery bags.

           The woman continues blabbering on her phone. Never noticed.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Please call or write me back.     
                        Your number one fan, Killian Maddox.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Killian at the kitchen table. In front of him sits a small 
           mountain of food: 15 hard boiled eggs. Two chicken breasts. 
           Steamed broccoli. A sweet potato. A heap of brown rice. 

           His grandfather is next to him, slurping soup. 

           They gaze silently at the small TV. Anderson Cooper is on. 

           They watch for a moment, his grandfather mumbles under his breath, 
           shaking his head in disgust, flips the channel to Fox News. 

           Tucker Carlson. They watch for a moment...

           Killian’s grandfather shakes his head, aggrieved, weary.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        Every night with this. Both of them. 
                        Pointing fingers, talking shit. 
                        Every night.

           Killian grunts in acknowledgement between bites of food. He’s 
           indifferent on the matter.
                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        A man’s problems are between him and 
                        God and God ain’t gonna put nothing 
                        on your plate you can’t handle.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        You already know that.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes sir.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        It takes a fierce backbone to make it 
                        through this life. They’re not gonna 
                        give us anything, especially not us. 
                        You earn it. That’s how it works.

           Killian grunts and nods and keeps chewing...

           The grandfather ruminates, gazing at the screen, still riled. 

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        Crying the world ain’t fair...
                        Well, it ain’t fair -- it ain’t 
                        supposed to be fair. There’s folks 
                        who know this... 
                             (points at screen)
                        And folks who don’t.

           Killian swallows a mouthful of food, chases it with his water.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        That’s a good quality about you, 
                        you don’t go around blaming the 
                        world for being what it is. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        No, sir.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        No, you don’t. And I’m proud of you for it. 
                        I mean that. You got a heart of a Champion.

           Killian stops chewing for a moment as his heart swells with 
           pride. Deeply moved by the compliment.

                                 KILLIAN
                             (mouth still full)
                        Thank you.
           The grandfather looks back at the screen. 

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        You pick the weight up, you put it 
                        back down. You do it again. 
                        Anything else is a fairytale.

           They sit there in silence. The soliloquy has run its course.

           A moment passes...

           The WALL PHONE rings. His grandfather answers it.

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        Maddox residence.

           He listens...mouth turning into a little smile, pleasantly 
           surprised. He gives Killian a wry, encouraging look...

                                 KILLIAN’S GRANDFATHER
                        Yes he is...
                             (handing over the phone)
                        A young lady.

                                 KILLIAN
                             (still chewing)
                        Who is it?

           Killian takes the phone, puts it to his ear, sucking his 
           fingers clean.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hello?

           A FEMALE VOICE on the other end. It’s soft. Shy.

                                 FEMALE VOICE
                        Hi.

           Killian’s face is blank, he has no idea who this could be...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes? This is Killian Maddox speaking.

                                 FEMALE VOICE
                        Yeah, hello? It’s Jessie.

           Killian’s chewing slows, eyebrows knotted, still has no idea...

                                 KILLIAN
                        .....?
                                 FEMALE VOICE
                        From the Safeway.

           Killian bolts up from his chair -- thighs slamming the table -- 
           he charges out of the kitchen -- phone cord stretches around 
           the corner into his room where slams the door shut behind him.

           KILLIAN’S BEDROOM

           Nervous, he wipes his hands on his shorts, forces the 
           mouthful of chewed egg down his throat.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah, hi -- I didn’t...I didn’t 
                        think you were gonna call.

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE
                        Is this your...cell phone?

                                 KILLIAN
                        What? Oh yeah -- no, it’s not. I have 
                        a cell phone but I don’t know,       
                        this seemed more old fashion I guess.

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE
                        Oh, ha ha...

           Awkward silence as they both wait for the other to speak...

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE
                        So, anyway, I thought about what 
                        you said and yeah...I think it’d be 
                        fun to go out sometime.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Oh really? Oh okay.     

           He looks into the mirror and nervously brushes the crumbs off 
           his mouth.

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE
                        Only if you still want to.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. I do.

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE
                        You don’t sound excited.
                                 KILLIAN
                        No no I am. I’m very excited.
                             (beat)
                        This makes me very happy.

           A CUE begins, somber and gentle and disquieting...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - BATHROOM/SHOWER - NIGHT

           Killian taking a shower.

           We hear the remainder of the phone call play over...

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        So how about tonight?

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE (OVER)
                        Oh. Like, now?

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        Yeah. We could go to Applebees or...

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE (OVER)
                        It’s almost...it’s kind of late 
                        don’t you think?

           STANDING IN FRONT OF MIRROR

           He carefully shaves his face.

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        How about tomorrow night? 
                        Happy hour.

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE (OVER)
                        Ha, slow down cowboy. How about Thursday?

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        Yes. Sure. Thursday. Thursday’s my 
                        favorite day of the week.

           BEDROOM

           Ties a tie around his neck.

           Slips a burgundy sports coat over his shirt and tie. 

           Studies himself in the mirror. We get a full length view and 
           see he’s also wearing slacks and dress shoes.
                                 JESSIE’S VOICE (OVER)
                        Okay. Thursday it is.

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        Okay. Cool. See you Thursday then.
                             (beat)
                        Jessie?

                                 JESSIE’S VOICE (OVER)
                        Yes Killian?

                                 KILLIAN (OVER)
                        This makes me very happy.

           He nods. Satisfied.

           PRELAP: blaring heavy metal deathcore music...

           EXT. APPLEBEES PARKING LOT - KILLIAN’S CAR - NIGHT

           Killian is parked in front of the Applebees. He’s gazing up 
           at the restaurant, his stomach knotted with nerves.

           The death metal song BLARING from his speakers -- a terrifying 
           onslaught of blood curdling screams -- calms him down.

           He inhales deep through his nose, out his mouth, trying to relax 
           and focus, an athlete before competition, a solider before combat.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Keep it right, keep it tight.    
                        Play like a champion tonight.
                        Keep it right, keep it tight.    
                        Play like a champion tonight.

           In the car parked one spot over TWO BLACK GIRLS stare at him 
           with bemused little smiles. Killian has yet to see them.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Keep it right, keep it tight.    
                        Play like a champion tonight.

           The girls bust out laughing. Killian’s concentration breaks, he 
           looks over, through his window and see the girls breaking up.

           He cuts the engine. The music abruptly stops and all goes quiet. 

                                 BLACK GIRL
                             (muffled through the car window)
                        This nigga really out here 
                        listening to some Bon Jovi.
           Humiliated, he gazes into his reflection. He’s very still, as if 
           the slightest move may cause the world to spin off its axis.

           Then he opens his car door and dry heaves onto the pavement.

           The girls stop laughing.

           INT. APPLEBEES - NIGHT

           Killian is sitting alone at a booth. Over dressed for the casual 
           environment. Foot tapping nervously under the table.

           He glances up and sees Jessie enter the restaurant and look 
           around. He gives her a small wave. She lights up, heads over 
           with a beaming smile on her face...

           Killian stands to greet her. He sticks out his hand to shake 
           but she goes right in for the hug, catching him off guard.

                                 JESSIE
                        I hope I’m not too late.

                                 KILLIAN
                        No -- not at all -- thanks for 
                        coming. Wow, you look... I’ve never 
                        seen you out of your work outfit. You 
                        look...like a model or something.

           She blushes.

                                 JESSIE
                        Thank you. You look handsome.
                             (seeing bruise on his head)
                        Oh my, what happened?

           CLOSE ON: her hand gently brushing his bruise. The contact is 
           gentle and inviting, a level of intimacy rare to Killian.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Oh...yeah. I was in a car accident. 

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh my goodness. Was it bad?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m okay.

           They sit.
                                 KILLIAN
                        I was wearing my seat belt. My dad 
                        always told me to wear my seat belt 
                        so...thanks dad, ha.

           Jessie lights up -- excited.

                                 JESSIE
                        My dad is the same exact way! Like 
                        literally the exact same. Anytime I 
                        tell him I’m going anywhere he’s like 
                        “Jessie make sure you wear your seat 
                        belt”. And I’m like “yeah dad, for 
                        the ten-thousandth time, I know”.

           They share a laugh. She’s bubbly, playful, not nearly as shy as 
           she was at the check out line. Things are off to a good start. 

           She leans over and lowers her voice as if to share a secret.

                                 JESSIE
                        Can I tell you something?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes please. Anything.

                                 JESSIE
                        I was a little nervous about 
                        tonight so I maaaaybe had a drink 
                        before I came. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Really? Like alcohol?

                                 JESSIE
                        Yes. I had one. 
                        Okay you caught me I had three.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Oh. Ha. That’s fine.

                                 JESSIE
                        Can I tell you something else? Speaking 
                        of my dad...I maybe kind of told him 
                        about you...and this date...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Really?

                                 JESSIE
                        Yeah. Is that embarrassing?       
                        I’m embarrassed.
                                 KILLIAN
                        No don’t be. I’m...you’re making me 
                        blush a little. You can’t see but I am.

                                 JESSIE
                        You can blush all you want. 
                        You have a nice blush.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Guess I’ll come clean, too. 
                        Truth is I come to the market 
                        when I know you’re working just 
                        so I can see you. 

                                 JESSIE
                        Yeah?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah. And I’ve been wanting to ask 
                        you out for awhile now.

                                 JESSIE
                        I always thought you might be 
                        checking me out. I always thought 
                        you were handsome. I’m just shy.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I told my dad too. About tonight.

                                 JESSIE
                        Shut up, really?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No. I’m kidding about that one.

           Jessie laughs. 

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh so now you’re gonna give me a 
                        hard time huh? You’re a funny one.

           And then, as if the words just tumbled out of his mouth;

                                 KILLIAN
                        My dad is dead.

           Silence fills the moment....Jessie stares back at him. The 
           smile holding stiff on her face....

           When it becomes clear he’s not joking her smile falls flat.
                                 JESSIE
                        Oh.            
                        Oh I’m sorry...

                                 KILLIAN
                        He was a policeman. My dad.

           Jessie strains a little smile, searching for levity.

                                 JESSIE
                        That’s nice.

                                 KILLIAN
                        My mom’s dead too actually.

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh my...I’m so...sorry. I didn’t...

                                 KILLIAN
                        You kind of remind me of her a little.

                                 JESSIE

                                 KILLIAN
                        It’s okay. It was a long time ago. 
                        The Rosen family took me in for awhile -- they 
                        were nice -- but I live with my grandpa now.

           The mood of the conversation has taken a sudden and drastic turn. 
           The playfulness that started the date has entirely disappeared.

           Jessie looks back at him, uneasy, at a loss for words...

                                 JESSIE
                        I’m sorry about your mom...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah, someone killed her.

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh my God.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah.
                             (beat)
                        My dad. My dad shot her and then 
                        he shot himself. That’s why 
                        they’re both dead. 

           Jessie’s hand rises to cover her mouth. Her eyes filled with 
           quiet horror. 
           Just then the WAITRESS arrives at the table. She’s chipper.

                                 WAITRESS
                        Hey y’all good evening. Could I start 
                        y’all off with something to drink?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I actually think we’re ready to order.

           Killian’s tone is casual, upbeat, as if the previous exchange  
           never happened. Jessie, however, remains in a state of shock. 
           She lowers her hand from her mouth and tries to shake herself 
           out of the trance.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’ll have the sirloin. Eight ounce. 
                        Medium rare. With just the broccoli. 
                        No fries. No butter. And...also...the 
                        Cedar Grilled Lemon Chicken please. 
                        If Luís is in the kitchen tonight 
                        just ask him, he knows how I like it.

           The waitress jots this down and then, assuming Killian is 
           done ordering, turns to Jessie.

                                 KILLIAN
                        And the Southwestern Steak Salad... 

           The waitress looks back at Killian. A little surprised.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hold the cheese and tortilla strips. 
                        Dressing on the side please. And does 
                        the maple mustard glaze on the salmon 
                        contain sugar? I always forget.

           Jessie watches him. A strange mix of emotions flowing through 
           her. She’s disturbed...concerned...uncomfortable...

                                 WAITRESS
                        I’m actually not sure...I can check.

                                 KILLIAN
                        That’s okay. I’m sure it does. I’ll 
                        take the salmon, too.  You can just 
                        hold the glaze. 

                                 WAITRESS
                             (finishing writing)
                        ...okay...will that be it?
                                 KILLIAN
                        Would you be able to do a side of 
                        chicken breast? Just chicken breast, 
                        grilled, nothing else on it?

                                 WAITRESS
                        Yes. Sure. We can do that.

                                 KILLIAN
                        And a diet coke please. 
                        And another water.

           Killian snaps the menu closed, looks up at Jessie and smiles. 
           She forces an awkward smile then drops her gaze.

                                 JESSIE
                        I’ll do the shrimp stir fry I think.

           The waitress jots this down and takes their menus. She heads 
           away, leaving Killian and Jessie in an uncomfortable silence. 

           Killian finds the courage to fill the void:

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m sorry what I said earlier.

                                 JESSIE
                        What? -- no --

                                 KILLIAN
                        About my mom and dad --

                                 JESSIE
                        No no it’s...it’s okay --

                                 KILLIAN
                        I shouldn’t have said it -- I’m sorry.

                                 JESSIE
                        No no -- I’m sorry -- I 
                        didn’t...I’m sorry.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I shouldn’t have said it.

           Disgusted with himself, Killian pounds the table -- silverware 
           rattles -- Jessie flinches, startled.

                                 KILLIAN
                             (to himself)
                        Stupid.
           He mumbles to himself. Jessie holds there, very still, a thin, 
           tight, uncomfortable smile straining her face. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m sorry I frightened you.

           Still holding still...

                                 JESSIE
                        It’s okay.

           ...After a moment...she attempts to find levity:

                                 JESSIE
                        I just can’t believe how much food you eat.

           She smiles a little, offering an olive branch. Killian sees 
           her smile, he eases up, smiles a little too.

                                 KILLIAN
                        It’s a lot, I know. But that’s part 
                        of it. 

                                 JESSIE
                        I guess it takes a lot of food to 
                        build all those muscles ha.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You should see how much Brent 
                        Vanderhorn eats. 

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh yeah? Is he a friend of yours?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Sort of, yeah. 

                                 JESSIE
                        Does he work at Safeway too?

           ...?

                                 KILLIAN
                        What? Who?

                                 JESSIE
                        Your friend? Brent Van...what was it? 

           A puzzled look on Killian’s face. Putting it together...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Wait, hold on, do you not know who 
                        Brent Vanderhorn is?
           Jessie cheeks flush red. Any levity is gone once again.

                                 JESSIE
                        I’m...no. I’m sorry.

           Her throat tightens. Whatever confidence the alcohol provided 
           her has been obliterated.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Two time IFBB champion. He won the 
                        Arnold Classic. 2015 Mr. Olympia 
                        runner up. Been on the cover of 
                        Muscle & Fitness. Flex. Men’s 
                        Health. Twice. Really? No?

                                 JESSIE
                        No. I’m sorry. I...no..

           Red splotches spread across her neck. Ears flush. Panic rising.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Jeez. You really need to get out more.

           She forces a fake smile which comes out more a grimace.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Anyway yeah -- I’ve been writing him 
                        letters. He hasn’t got back to me yet 
                        but he will. He’s probably just busy.

                                 JESSIE
                        Oh.

           A panic attack beginning to swell within her. Killian oblivious.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you ever feel like the customers 
                        at work just walk right past you -- 
                        like you’re not even there?

                                 JESSIE
                        Yes. Sometimes I guess.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Like they think they are better than 
                        you or cooler than you or whatever?

                                 JESSIE
                        Sometimes, yeah. I think. 
                        It’s so hot in here.
                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m gonna show them. I have 
                        Nationals in ten days. I’m gonna 
                        place and get my Pro Card. Then I 
                        bet they won’t walk past me anymore.

                                 JESSIE
                        What kind of music do you like?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I've been training for this 
                        competition every moment of my 
                        entire life. I want to be Mr. 
                        Olympia one day. I won’t let 
                        anything stop me from accomplishing 
                        this goal. 2016 Grand Prix, Dayton, 
                        Ohio -- a judge told me my deltoids 
                        were too small -- needed work -- so 
                        what do I do? -- I work them. Day 
                        and night. Until they’re perfect. 
                        No sport on the earth takes as much 
                        time and energy and commitment. 24 
                        hours a day. No days off. There's 
                        no missing meals. There's no 
                        missing sleep, there's no missing 
                        workouts. You can't do this at 90%. 
                        Or even 99. Take my word for it. If 
                        you're not 100% you will never be 
                        successful. You have to burn the 
                        bridges and burn the boats and 
                        commit all effort and focus to 
                        becoming the greatest bodybuilder 
                        on the entire planet. It's the most 
                        important thing I'll ever do. You 
                        have to do something big and 
                        important or nobody will remember 
                        you when you're dead. 
                             (beat)
                        They’re gonna put a picture of my 
                        face on the magazines and everybody 
                        will know Killian Maddox was here.

           Jessie face has gone white. It looks as if she’s going to cry.

                                 JESSIE
                        I’m sorry, I have to go to the bathroom.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Okay.

           She quickly stands and scurries off to the bathroom. 

           HOLD on Killian’s face. He bobs his head to the gentle 
           restaurant music. Thinks things are going pretty well.
           LATER

           Ten minutes have passed. The main course has been brought out 
           to the table and is sitting untouched, growing cold. 

           Killian waits patiently. Jessie has not yet come back.

           The waitress shuffles gingerly up to Killian at the table, 
           she’s hesitant, bearing uncomfortable news.

                                 WAITRESS
                        Hi. How is everything?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes, thank you.

           Beat.

                                 WAITRESS
                        You’re, um...your...friend wanted me 
                        to tell you that she had to leave. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        What? Jessie?

                                 WAITRESS
                        She said she had a family emergency and that 
                        she had to leave. And that she’s sorry. 
                        Very sorry.

                                 KILLIAN
                        When?

                                 WAITRESS
                        About ten minutes ago...

           Killian’s expression remains the same. A tiny rigid smile 
           locked on his face. Fighting not to show his humiliation.

                                 KILLIAN
                        That’s right. Yes, she did say she 
                        had to go. She did say that.

           The waitress is mortified. The moment is excruciatingly awkward.

                                 KILLIAN
                        She had a family emergency. 
                        Thank you for reminding me.

           The waitress, unsure what to say...
                                 WAITRESS
                             (re: the food)
                        Would you like me to wrap that up?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes please.

           The waitress begins to take the plates away. 

           A thought passes through Killian’s mind...his eyes goes dark, 
           the fake smile fades away... 

                                 KILLIAN
                        You know what, you can leave them. 
                        And I’d like to place another order.

           LATER

           Killian stares at the food in front of him: 

           Buffalo wings. A full rack of ribs. A steak smothered in sauce. 
           A triple bacon cheeseburger. Chicken parmesan. Chicken alfredo 
           pasta. Fudge brownies with ice cream and two strawberry 
           milkshakes. All in over 10,000 calories.

           His eyes have glazed over and filled with a bleak and morbid 
           self loathing. He begins to gorge on the food.

           CAMERA pans away from him and looks out the window, as if his 
           shame is too much to bear.

           The SCORE melts into something sinister and haunting...

           ...it carries over to...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - BATHROOM - NIGHT

           Killian is on his knees in front of the toilet. He sticks his 
           fingers down his throat and vomits.

           INT. GYM - NIGHT

           Killian pedals furiously on a stationary bike. Sweat has 
           soaked through his hoodie and begun to puddle on the floor.

           He works away with an obsessive, feverish intensity.       
           His sheer focus unsettling, as if under a dark spell...

           Deathmetal blares from his headphones, swirling with the 
           ghostly score and creating something entirely unnerving.
           CAMERA pushes in slowly on the back of his head...

           CLOSE ON

           A bottle of Dyazide pills (a powerful prescription diuretic)

           A bottle of liquid magnesium citrate (a powerful laxative)

           WIDER ANGLE REVEALS

           Killian in his bathroom. He pops the dyazide pill into his 
           mouth, tilts back his head and guzzles down the laxative...

           SHOWER

           Lathered head to toe in shaving cream, he shaves his entire body.

           TANNING BED

           Killian lay motionless in the bed, engulfed in the hypnotic blue 
           glow. The way he’s laying there...it looks like a coffin.

           The tomb of some lonely alien.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Killian in his underwear. Posing in front of his mirror. 

           His movements are slow and graceful. His face stoic.

           The ominous SCORE gives the image a sense of tragic poetry.

           The hulking muscles armor protecting his haunted soul.

           The score builds to it’s nerve chilling CLIMAX....Then.

           Silence.

           Hold on him....

           Cut to black.

           CLOSE ON

           A laminated NPC NATIONAL BODYBUILDING COMPETITION BADGE 

           Maddox, Killian. Competitor 768. With a picture of Killian.

           The zipper of a hoodie zips up, hiding the badge behind it.

           CLOSE ON

           A duffle bag is zipped shut.
           WIDER ANGLE REVEALS

           Morning. Killian in his bedroom. Having just zipped his hoodie. 

           Duffle bag in hand, he takes one final look at himself in the 
           mirror, then he flips off the lights and leaves the room.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - FRONT DOOR - MOMENTS LATER

           Killian shouts into a bedroom in the back of the house.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Grandpa -- off to the competition -- 
                        be back for supper.

           EXT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - MORNING

           Killian exits the house carrying his duffle bag. A bottle of 
           water in his other hand. He’s calm and focused.

           He opens the door to his car -- front hood still smashed up 
           from the crash -- and tosses the duffle in the back seat.

           The sound of an ENGINE roaring down the street brings his 
           eyes up...

           Just then a CARGO VAN screeches up behind him. 

           A “Donaghue’s Roofing and Painting” decal on the side.

           The DRIVER and PASSENGER jump out. The rear door slides open 
           and A THIRD GUY hops out of the back holding a metal pipe.

                                 DRIVER
                        You Killian Maddox?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yeah, who’s asking?

           Whack! The Third Guy hits Killian over the head with the 
           pipe. Killian drops to the pavement.

                                 DRIVER
                        Think you can trash my uncle’s shop!?

           He stomps Killian’s head with the heel of his boot and the 
           three men proceed to beat him senseless.

           They kick and stomp and pummel his back and crack him over 
           the ribs with the pipe.
           It’s savage and violent and it’s over quick as it came.

                                 PASSENGER
                        Fuckin’ ape!

           The driver SPITS on Killian, then the three men jump back 
           into the cargo van and tear away. Quiet again.

           WIDE ANGLE

           CAMERA stays on Killian laying motionless on the ground.

           A boy rides past on his bicycle, taking no notice.

           Somewhere a blue jay chirps.

           After a moment Killian begins to stir. He sits up...

           Looks around...spits out a tooth.

           And then, after taking a beating that would send most people to 
           the trauma unit, he somehow manages to stagger to his feet.

           He wobbles, spits out a mouthful of blood and climbs into his car.

           A THUNDERING SCORE kicks in -- disjointed, percussive, 
           erratic -- brimming with a savage fury -- rising in volume --

           EXT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - DAY

           CAMERA races behind the car as it rockets down the highway.

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - DAY

           He grits his teeth, grunting and moaning, as the car barrels 
           along at breakneck speed. Is he chasing them?

           He frantically dabs at his bleeding face -- trying to push it back 
           to shape as if he were a melting snowman. The effort is futile. 
           Soon as he paws away a slick of blood and more pours forth. 

           His cheeks and lips and eyes begin to hideously swell...

           Through bloody, gritted teeth:

                                 KILLIAN
                        no...no...no..no...
           EXT. CIVIC CENTER PARKING LOT - BACK ENTRANCE - DAY

           Killian’s car skids to a stop in a “no parking” zone. He 
           stumbles out, leaves the car and hurries into the --

           CIVIC CENTER - BACK HALLWAY

           CAMERA follows behind him in one long unbroken take:

           He limps quickly down the hall. Dragging a wounded leg. Blood 
           drips off of him, leaving a slick trail along the linoleum floor.

           SCORE swells, manic and frightening. Growing in intensity.

           He turns a corner, following a sign: “NPC Athlete Check In”

           As people pass him we see their faces drop. Heads turn to stare. 

                                 PASSERBY
                        ...Oh my God...

           -- Killian doesn’t notice or seem to care. He’s dead-set, tunnel 
           vision, only cares about the goal: Get on-stage...

           An EMPLOYEE looks up from the check in table and sees Killian 
           headed towards her. Her eyes widen. Terrified and bewildered.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Killian Maddox is here. 

           Mouth agape, she just points down another hall. He turns the 
           corner, hobbling even faster now. CAMERA follows....

           ...he busts into the BACKSTAGE AREA where other BODYBUILDERS 
           are warming up... People begin to take notice of him...

           Heads turning, eyes widening. Squeamish confusion.

           As Killian peels off his bloody clothes CAMERA winds around 
           revealing the face that has left everyone aghast.

           It’s become horrendously swollen. A sheet of blood has leaked 
           from the gash on his forehead and painted his face red. His 
           lips are busted. His nose is broken. The blood vessels in one 
           of his eyes have burst apart like crushed tomato.

           As his clothes come off we see dark discolored bruises 
           spreading down the length of his body. Broken ribs.

           Everyone stands around and watches. Nobody speaks.

           A CONTEST EMPLOYEE approaches warily.
                                 CONTEST EMPLOYEE
                        Sir...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Have they called Maddox?

                                 CONTEST EMPLOYEE
                        ...Are you okay?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Have they called Maddox? I’m here 
                        now -- I can go. 

                                 CONTEST EMPLOYEE
                        Maybe you should --

                                 KILLIAN
                        Don’t touch me -- I’m fine -- 

                                 CONTEST EMPLOYEE
                        ...let a doctor take a look --

           Killian BARKS at the man. Blood spittle spews from his mouth.

           The employee backs away, frightened. Killian just now 
           realizes that everyone in the room is looking at him.

           He shouts to anyone who will listen;

                                 KILLIAN
                        Have they called Maddox?? I’m here! 
                        Killian Maddox is here!

           Nobody responds. They just stare back in stunned silence.

                                 KILLIAN
                        KILLIAN MADDOX IS HERE!!

           People look away, afraid to make eye contact.

           The score builds louder, more ferocious...

           Over the P.A. speaker we can hear the COMPETITION JUDGE call 
           out “Killian Maddox”. Killian storms off towards the stage...

           CAMERA, still unbroken, follows...

           MAIN STAGE

           He staggers out before the blinding lights. 

           A murmur rushes through the AUDIENCE. A few loud gasps.

           He begins his posing cycle. 
           THE PANEL OF JUDGES

           Stare back with a mix of confusion and horror.

           KILLIAN

           Flexes and grimaces. A mouthful of rich dark blood pours 
           through broken teeth. Blood drips down his oiled chest and 
           splatters onto the white mat. All this intensified by the 
           beaming hot spotlights. 

           His wrist is broken and it’s impossible for him to make a fist.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m sorry...I need to just...

           He wobbles, starting to see stars. Tries to rotate into a new 
           pose, bare feet slip and slide on his blood.

           Some members of the audience stand and hurry out of the room.

           He tries to hold a new pose. His legs tremble. His entire body 
           trembles. He speaks through a clenched jaw, barely audible.

                                 KILLIAN
                        ...please...wait....

           The pain is too much, he lets go of the pose.

           SCORE has grown into some sort of monstrous cacophony of 
           sound. Hypnotic and terrifying.

           He staggers backwards, losing balance, the world spinning 
           beneath his feet. His body goes limp and he collapses face 
           first onto the floor.

           BLACK

           The score comes to a chilling crescendo then -- silence....

           PRELAP: The sound of ice water...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - BATHROOM - NIGHT

           Killian lowers himself into a bath tub filled with ice water.

           He wears a CAST on one wrist. 

           Wisps of blood plume in the water and turn in pink.

           He gazes off into the distance, a somber expression on his face. 
           He allows himself to sink beneath the ice cubes.

           Disappearing from this world.
           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Fresh bandages on his face, Killian searches YouTube.

           A “recommend video” on the side panel catches his attention.

           “BodyBuilder Faints At NPC Nationals” 

           He hesitates, then gives in to his masochistic nature and 
           clicks the link...

           It’s official video from the NPC event. 

           On screen: we see Killian, bruised and bloody, unable to hold 
           his poses, then stagger and faint on stage. Gasps from the 
           crowd. Two judges stand to their feet, gazing peculiarly at 
           his inert figure as if it were mangled road kill.

           Two Event Promoters jog onto the stage and carry away 
           Killian’s limp body. More gasps from the crowd.

           CLOSE ON KILLIAN’S EYES

           moving down the screen to check the number of views...

           17,482 views.

           491 comments.

           Killian closes his lap top.

           He sits there, very still, gazing into space...

           LIVING ROOM - LATER

           Killian ejects a Mr. Olympia VHS cassette from the VCR and 
           yanks out the film reel, twisting it into a knotted mess.

           A shelf next to the TV holds stacks of VHS tapes. Mr. 
           Olympia, The Arnold Classic, etc. 

           Killian pulls them off the shelf and rips their guts out.

           KITCHEN - LATER

           Killian before an open refrigerator. He tosses out all of his food 
           into a trash bag. Chicken, steaks, broccoli, etc.

           OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - LATER

           He marches out hauling two fat trash bags. He heaves them 
           into the garbage can, turns around, and walks back inside.
           BEDROOM - LATER

           Killian is in underwear, pacing his room. His dog lay curled on 
           the bed, watching his owner, sensing his distress.

           Killian glares at the dozens of bodybuilding centerfolds 
           plastered to his wall. They almost seem to be taunting him.

           He tears one down off the wall, balls it up and tosses it. 
           Then he punches himself in the face. One of his cuts reopens.

           He tears down another poster, punches himself again. He 
           continues this, one by one...

           LATER

           Killian is asleep on the floor of his bedroom. His face 
           gently bleeding.

           Slow fade out...

           INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECK OUT AISLE - DAY

           CLOSE ON

           The face of an ELDERLY LADY. She ogles at something...

           REVERSE TO 

           Killian bagging her groceries. His face battered. Two black 
           eyes, bandages, etc.

           The elderly woman stares at his wounds like he’s some sort of 
           beguiling, offensive piece of modern art.

           Killian feels her eyes on him, he looks up and gives the 
           rubber necker a thrill, flashing her his bloody teeth.

           Her eyes widen.

           THE MANAGER, having seen none of this, calls to Killian from 
           the door of his office.

                                 MANAGER
                        Killian.

           Killian looks over.

                                 MANAGER
                        When you finish with your customer 
                        can I see you for a minute?
           MANAGER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER

           Killian is sitting across the desk from the manager. The 
           manager sighs long and heavy like a weary bear.

                                 MANAGER
                        What’s up with you brotha?

                                 KILLIAN
                        ...?

                                 MANAGER
                        Two weeks I don’t hear from you and then 
                        you just show up like nothing happened?

           Killian has no answer.

                                 MANAGER
                        What happened to your face?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I fell.

           The manager shakes his head. Not buying it. He’s both 
           frustrated and empathetic.

                                 MANAGER
                        You can’t just no show like that. I 
                        gotta let you go, man. I’m sorry.

                                 KILLIAN
                        What do you mean?

                                 MANAGER
                        I mean I have to let you go.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You mean like fire me?

                                 MANAGER
                        You gave me no choice, brotha.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m fired?

                                 MANAGER
                        I’m sorry.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I need this job. I need another chance. 
                                 MANAGER
                        I've given you plenty of chances - I've 
                        had customer complaints, I've had other 
                        employees complain that you make them 
                        uncomfortable -- this computer...
                             (nods at computer on his desk)
                        the hard drive is filled with porn. I know 
                        it was you so don’t even try to deny it.

           Killian gazes back. Caught. Manager throws his hands up.

                                 MANAGER
                        I'm sorry man. I don't have a choice.

           Killian sits there a moment, not responding. 

           An imperceptible switch flickers within him. Just allowing his 
           eyes to crawl over the manager with lethal chill. 

           He then rises to his feet, places both fists knuckle down on 
           the manager’s desk and leans in close, threatening. Quiet.

           The manager tilts backwards, eyes wide with fear.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Be very careful how you talk to me.

           INT. STATE MANDATED COUNSELOR OFFICE - DAY

           Her eyes crawl over Killian’s stitched wounds. Her face is 
           full with empathy and patient, non judgmental concern.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Were you in a fight?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        You can be honest with me. 
                        You won’t get in trouble. 
                        It’s safe here.

                                 KILLIAN
                        There wasn’t a fight.

           She forces an unconvincing smile, having trouble believing him. 

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        How are you doing Killian?
                                 KILLIAN
                        I have to say I’m doing really 
                        good. I won first place at my show 
                        which means I got my Pro Card.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Wow, congratulations, that’s amazing.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m going to be on the cover of a 
                        magazine. They came to my house and 
                        took pictures of me and everything. 
                        I’ll bring you a copy.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        I’d love one.

                                 KILLIAN
                        My grandpa is very proud of me.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        I’m sure he is. And how are things 
                        progressing with the young lady from work?

                                 KILLIAN
                        She’s my girlfriend now. She likes 
                        me a lot. She understands me. She 
                        laughs at everything I say.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        I’m happy she brings you joy. It’s 
                        important to find people that you 
                        can make emotional bonds with.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes, things are going very well for me.

           His eyes glaze over...grief and shame expanding in his stomach...

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        What’s her name?

           Killian looks up from his gloomy reverie.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Who?

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Your girlfriend?

           He gazes back...his eyes empty...

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           Cruising down a seedy street. Sex workers strut along the 
           sidewalk. His eyes scan, nervous, this is new for him.
           He pulls the car up along a WORKING GIRL. She comes right up and 
           leans in his window.  

                                 WORKING GIRL
                        Hey sport. You looking for a date?

           She’s confident and straightforward. A seasoned pro. This 
           intimidates Killian, he drives off.

           LATER

           Still cruising...up ahead Killian spots A GIRL WITH A FUZZY 
           PINK COAT walking down the sidewalk. 

           Killian drives up alongside her, she keeps walking and he 
           lets the car roll slowly beside her much in the same manner 
           the Police SUV once rolled alongside him...

           She smiles. He smiles back. There’s something about her. A 
           sweetness. A sense of innocence. 

                                 PINK COAT
                        Hi.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hi.
                             (beat)
                        Where are you going?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Just walking. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Walking where?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Looking for what’s out there.

                                 KILLIAN
                        What are you looking for?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Whatever comes my way I guess.

           Killian has run out of things to say. He continues to roll 
           alongside her...She can sense he’s shy and inexperienced.

                                 PINK COAT
                        You from around here?
                                 KILLIAN
                        Is it okay if I don’t tell you?

           She smiles. 

                                 PINK COAT
                        You wanna hang out? I know a place.

           Killian looks around, nervous. Checks his rearview.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I dunno...

                                 PINK COAT
                        It’s just down the street.

           He looks back at her. On his face, deciding...

           INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

           The room is empty and dark. Neon light bleeds in through the 
           curtains giving the place an eerie, extraterrestrial swelter.

           The front door opens. The girl with the fuzzy pink coat comes 
           in, Killian saunters in behind her, timid. She flips on the 
           light, he looks around the room, still a little nervous.

           She begins to take her clothes off. There’s nothing sexy 
           about it. Just routine.

                                 PINK COAT
                        It’s seventy for the hour. You can 
                        leave it over there.

           She nods to a dresser. Killian places down a wad of cash and 
           moves towards the TV.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You mind if I turn on the TV?

           Naked now, she ties her hair back into a bun.

                                 PINK COAT
                        You can do whatever you want, sweetie.

           He turns on the TV and dials the volume up very loud.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’d like to turn the lights off if 
                        that’s okay.
                                 PINK COAT
                        You’re the captain.

           She flops back onto the bed.

           He cuts off the lights, neon glow once again soaking the room. 

           He makes his away over to her, still fully dressed.

                                 PINK COAT
                        You gonna take your clothes off?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Okay.

           He takes off everything but his briefs, struggles a little to 
           get his casted hand out of his jacket sleeve.  He kneels 
           between her legs and holds there before her, shirtless.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you like how I look?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yes.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you like my body?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yes. I do.

                                 KILLIAN
                        What’s your favorite part?

                                 PINK COAT
                        I like all off it.                 
                        I like your big arms.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you like my deltoids?

                                 PINK COAT
                        I don’t know what that is.

                                 KILLIAN
                        These...
                             (touches his shoulders)

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yes I do.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You don’t think they’re too small?
                                 PINK COAT
                        I think your shoulders are perfect.

                                 KILLIAN
                        The judges always say they are too small. 

                                 PINK COAT
                        Well the judges are wrong.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you think they’re liars?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Everyone’s a liar, baby. 
                        Do you wanna fuck me?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hold on...just give me a second...

           He rocks back onto his knees so he’s kneeling between her 
           legs. He sticks his hand down his briefs and jostles around.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Gimme just a second...

           She watches him patiently. He’s struggling, flustered...

                                 PINK COAT
                        You need help?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No...I just...maybe if I...    
                        You’re very pretty.

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yeah? You think?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. Very. Such pretty eyes...
                        ...and face. A lot of guys must like you.

           She plays into it. Trying to get him going.

                                 PINK COAT
                        You want to fuck me?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Nice hair...

                                 PINK COAT
                        Come fuck me baby.
                                 KILLIAN
                        You’re so beautiful.

           He leans down and KISSES her on the mouth. She pulls her face 
           away. He tries again, she evades him. 

                                 PINK COAT
                        What are you doing?

           He sits back onto his knees again, afraid he’s offended her.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I was trying to kiss you.

                                 PINK COAT
                        No kissing.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m trying to make it, 
                        y’know...feel sexy...

                                 PINK COAT
                        No kissing.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Okay.

           Rattled further now, Killian strokes himself harder, faster, 
           more desperate. No luck. His frustration growing.

                                 PINK COAT
                        Here let me help.

           She reaches a hand down his briefs. Feels around.           
           She looks up at him, confused. He pushes her hand away.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Don’t touch them.
                             (beat)
                        I take medicine that makes them small.

           He rolls off of her and sits on the edge of the bed, his 
           shoulders slumped. Eyes cast down on the old stained carpet.

           She sits up next to him. His pain is visceral and it has stirred 
           some genuine empathy in her. A long moment passes...

           He gazes downward, making no eye contact as he speaks:

                                 KILLIAN
                        My cock is broken.
                                 PINK COAT
                        It’s okay.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m sick. 
                             (beat)
                        I have a sickness in me.

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           Killian driving down a dark strip of two-lane HIGHWAY. His 
           eyes have frozen over into a thousand yard gaze. 

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Dear Brent. If you’re not going to 
                        write back just let me know. I don’t 
                        like having my time wasted. Speaking 
                        of wasted time, the date with Jessie 
                        was very bad. I don’t know what went 
                        wrong. I just tried to be honest with 
                        her. Honesty is best, right? 

           Up ahead, the HEADLIGHTS OF ATRUCK barreling towards him in 
           the oncoming lane...

           He slowly lets go of the wheel...

           The car gently sways...

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        These people don’t get us. They 
                        don’t know how it is. There are 
                        thoughts in my head and I have no 
                        one to talk to about them. 

           TIRES

           Begin to drift across the double yellow line...

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I think you’re the only one who would 
                        understand. If only you’d listen to me.

           KILLIAN’S POV

           His car has drifted over into the other lane and the oncoming 
           headlights wash across his face.
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I don’t have anything else to say 
                        right now. Maybe you’ll hear about 
                        me one day and realize you’ve made 
                        a mistake. I have to go.

           He gently closes his eyes...

           The oncoming semi-truck is speeding towards him, horn blaring 
           and flashing its lights.

           Killian keeps his eyes closed. His body still. Oddly relaxed.

           The oncoming horn is growing rapidly in volume as it nears -- 
           seconds from impact -- truck lights sweep violently to the 
           other side as it swerves, narrowly missing Killian’s car, 
           roaring past like a freight train --

           All is quiet again.

           Killian opens his eyes and gently pulls over to the shoulder. 

           He sits there a moment, face devoid of emotion, looking out 
           into the quiet night. 

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Please write or call me back.     
                        Your number one fan, Killian Maddox.

           INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT

           Killian sits alone at a table. A cheeseburger and onion rings 
           in front of him. Several empty beer mugs on the table.

           He gulps down another mug of beer. He’s drunk.

           Chatter and laughter from a group of people entering the 
           place brings his head up...

           It’s A MAN and his FAMILY (wife and two children 9, 12)

           The man doesn’t see Killian but Killian seems to recognize 
           him. He watches as the man and his family take a seat across 
           the restaurant, place their drink orders, etc. 

           Killian scoffs. Shakes his head. This man’s presence, whoever 
           he is, has clearly agitated him.

           Killian goes back to chewing his burger. Tries to pull his 
           gaze away from the man. Taps his foot, looks out the window, 
           anxious energy, like an addict trying not to use.  
           Finally he gives into his urge. Pushes up from his chair and 
           drunkenly saunters over to the man and his family....... 

           Stands very close, his crotch pressing into their table, they 
           look up at him. Killian stares down at the man.

           We may recognize him as one of the Donoghue men who several 
           weeks back beat Killian senseless.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You remember me?

           Killian’s glare is wiry and unhinged. The man looks at his 
           wife and children, suddenly concerned about their safety.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes I think you do.

           He sways drunkenly, staring down at the man, his eyes glassy 
           wild. The man’s wife has grown deeply uncomfortable. She places 
           a protective hand on her daughter, their eyes cast downward, as 
           if avoiding the glare of a larger predator.

           Killian leers over, taunting.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Not so tough now, are you? 
                        Without your friends. 
                        Not so tough at all.

           The man doesn’t respond. Shaking. His eyes downward.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Coward.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Say it. Say you’re a coward.

           Trembling, eyes still cast down on the table...

                                 FAMILY MAN
                        Please...leave us alone.

           Killian ignores the plea, looks at the little boy. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Your dad beat me up. He hit me with a pipe. 

                                 FAMILY MAN
                             (to his boy)
                        Don’t talk to him.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Cracked my head open. Kicked me. 
                        Called me an ape. But he’s not so 
                        tough now. Bet if I stuck this knife 
                        in his stomach he’d cry for his mommy.

           The little boy is frightened and confused. Looking to his 
           father for comfort only to find a man equally as afraid.

           The family man pleads, his face flush red with humiliation,

                                 FAMILY MAN
                        That’s enough, man... please... 

           Killian ignores him, his eyes still on the little boy. He 
           points at the little boy’s glass of coca-cola.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Don’t drink this.
                        This will make you fat. 
                        Nobody will like you if you’re fat.

           He swipes the glass of coke and staggers away, back to his 
           table...

           ...sinks to his seat and guzzles down the entire carbonated 
           beverage as he stares daggers at the family. The man and his wife 
           try to calm their children. Everybody shaken from the affair.

           Killian glares at them, inviting a challenge, but they don't 
           dare look back his way.

           He picks up an onion ring and flings it across the room at them. 

           Then another. The little boy starts to cry. The girl follows.

                                 FAMILY MAN
                        What’s your problem man?

           At this point everyone in the restaurant has turned and to 
           watch in uncomfortable silence.

           Killian lobs his half chewed hamburger at them.

           Off screen we hear a patron say “someone call the police”.

                                 FAMILY MAN
                        Just leave.

           Killian bolts up from his seat and CHARGES towards the man --

           -- the man scurries backward, shielding his head, terrified --
           Killian stops short -- watching the man cower...and it’s here, 
           with the rapt attention of a terrified audience, that Killian 
           seems to understand his role as the monster, the menace to 
           society. A gleam in his eye as he relishes in this bizarre power.

           He breaks into delirious, RAVING LAUGHTER. 

           His possessed gaze sweeps across the restaurant. The horrified 
           spectators drop their eyes to the floor, wanting nothing of his 
           ire. An audience frozen in polite terror. Docile. Afraid. 

           Killian staggers around, arms held out like The Gladiator.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Are you not entertained?! 
                        Are. You. Not. Entertained?!

           Deathly silence. Everyone’s eyes on the floor. Little kids crying.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Killian Maddox was here.  
                        You will forget most your days 
                        here on this earth but today, I 
                        promise, you will remember.

           He tumbles somberly out of the restaurant to the --

           STREET 

           Staggering about, laughing maniacally again as -- wham! -- he 
           slams his head through the window of a parked car. 

           Still consumed with delirious laughter, he yanks his head back, 
           cut and bleeding and -- wham! slams it through the other window.

           Two POLICE CRUISERS skid up to the curb --

           FOUR COPS jump out -- tasers drawn --

                                 COP
                        Fucking hands! Now!

           Killian glares at them, in a daze. Bewildered by their presence.

           In a flash two cops deploy their tasers -- 2,400 volts seize 
           through Killian’s body but given his brute strength he remains 
           standing. Wobbling like a mummy. Grunting through a clenched jaw.

           The lead cop spear tackles Killian to the pavement --
           The other cops jump on top and wail on him with their clubs. Wet 
           thuds smack off flesh and bone. The skirmish is violent. Ugly. 
           Killian bucks and squeals like a wild animal.

                                 COP
                        Stop resisting!

           Cops douse him with pepper spray. He screams, fueling his rage.

                                 COP
                        Clear!

           The other cops jump off Killian and the lead cop blasts him 
           with another taser gun. This flattens him out.

           Killian shakes and spasms on the pavement. They quickly cuff 
           his inert body.

                                 COP
                        Ah shit. 

                                 COP 2
                        What?

                                 COP
                        The fucking guy’s having a heart attack.

           INT. BACK OF AMBULENCE - MOVING - NIGHT

           Racing through the night. Sirens blaring. Lights flashing. 
           Killian is slipping in and out of consciousness.

           He has a oxygen mask over his mouth and an EMT sits over him 
           manually pumping the bag valve. 

           Killian’s lips move under the mask. He’s trying to speak.

           The EMT lifts the mask up from his mouth.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m...going...

                                 EMT
                        What?

                                 KILLIAN
                        ...to fuck...you up...

                                 EMT
                        Just relax sir.

           The EMT places the mask back over Killian’s mouth.
           INT. JAIL - NIGHT

           Killian is calm now. Physically drained and likely drugged. 
           Hospital bracelet still on his wrist as a POLICE OFFICER 
           escorts him into a jail cell.

           They uncuff him, close the cell door and walk away.

           JAIL CELL

           Alone in the dark with his thoughts.

           Killian gently taps his head into the bars. Bang.

           Again. A little harder this time. Bang.

           Bang....bang...he knocks his head against the metal. 

           Slowly and rhythmically. Bang....bang....bang...

           Another PRISONER shouts from down the way.

                                 PRISONER (O.S.)
                        Shut the fuck up!

           Killian stops. Holds still a moment. Considering the request. 

           Then: bang.......bang.......bang......bang.....

           INT. COURT ROOM - DAY

                                 DISTRICT JUDGE
                        Mr. Maddox.

           Killian stands. His face bruised and bloodied.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

                                 DISTRICT JUDGE
                        With regards to the following 
                        charges: disorderly conduct, 
                        disrupting the peace, public 
                        intoxication, resisting arrest 
                        and assault and battery on a 
                        police officer, you have decided 
                        to plead guilty.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes your Honor.
                                 DISTRICT JUDGE
                        You are to serve 730 days probation 
                        and conduct 100 hours of community 
                        service. You are also ordered to 
                        pay $150 to Larry's Bar and Grill 
                        for damages to their chair and $800 
                        to Mrs. Glenda Farber for damages 
                        caused to her car windows.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes your honor.

           The judge peers down at Killian over the top of his wire frames.

                                 DISTRICT JUDGE
                        You going to behave yourself?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yessir.

           The judge nods, bangs the gavel.

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - EVENING

           We hear the sounds of the front door unlock and someone enter the 
           house. Killian shuffles into the kitchen. 

           He opens the fridge and looks inside.

           Killian’s POV: A few eggs. A bottle of ketchup. Some old 
           lettuce. Cold and empty.

           He closes the fridge and gazes around. Shouts into a back hallway.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Grandpa?

           ...no answer...

                                 KILLIAN
                        You asleep?

           ...no answer...

           Coast clear, Killian picks up the wall phone.  Dials a number....

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’d like to place an order please.

           LATER

           He’s half naked now, stripped down to his briefs, hunched 
           over the table, stuffing his face.
           On the table: Boxes and boxes of Chinese food. Enough to feed 
           a family of six. An entire chocolate cake. A box of powdered 
           doughnuts. A large pizza. A two liter bottle of Mountain Dew 
           and a bottle of chocolate syrup.

           WIDER ANGLE

           He chews with the numb and sorrowful gaze of grazing cattle. His 
           dog lay by his feet. The overhead lamp casting them in a small 
           cone of light. All else falls off into shadow. 

           They are all alone on this lonely planet.

           ...Slow fade to black...

           INT. STATE MANDATED COUNSELOR OFFICE - DAY

           Killian across from the State Mandated Counselor. He doesn’t look 
           well. Face puffy and bloated, as though he hasn’t slept in days. 

           We come in during a prolonged silence in the conversation. She 
           looks at him with caring, empathetic eyes and a concerned smile.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Killian, did I say something last 
                        time that upset you?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No. How do you mean?

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Was something said, here in this 
                        room, that upset you?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No. I don’t think so...

           Ever so patiently...

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Okay. Because after you left someone 
                        went into the hallway bathroom and 
                        they smashed all of the mirrors and 
                        broke the sink off of the wall. And 
                        it seems that whoever did this was 
                        very upset about something.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        And it’s okay if you were upset. I’d 
                        just like to talk to you about why.
           Killian looks around the room, mumbling to himself. He smiles 
           inwardly, as if remembering a private joke.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Do you find that funny?

                                 KILLIAN
                        I just thought of a good memory.

           The state counselor brightens, encouraged by the positivity.

                                 STATE COUNSELOR
                        Can you share it with me?

                                 KILLIAN
                        In grade school there were boys that 
                        teased me...said my skin was 
                        burnt...said my lips were 
                        big...called me dumb...called me a 
                        gorilla...threw bananas at me and 
                        things like that. And then one day I 
                        hit one of them in the head with a 
                        rock. And he went to the hospital. 
                        And they left me alone after that.

           Killian looks at her and smiles. Innocently.

           A cold shiver runs through her stomach.

           EXT. STRIP MALL PARKING LOT - DAY

           Killian exits the counselor’s office and heads to his car. 

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - PARKED - DAY

           Het gets in and twists the ignition.

           “Living On A Thin Line” by The Kinks plays low on the stereo.

           Killian sits there a moment. Not moving. His eyes surveying 
           the parking lot...

           ...people coming in and out of stores, going to and from cars...

           Gears churn in his head...an idea taking shape....no, it’s 
           more than an idea, it’s a state of mind.

           Spontaneous and involuntary, like becoming an aroused. 

           Then the idea comes. A gloriously wicked one. Magnificent and 
           exhilarating and charged with dark electricity.
           The song grows louder...

           Then, as if consumed by a phantom, Killian's arm slowly raises, 
           his hand forming into the shape of a PISTOL....

           The song grows louder...

           KILLIAN’S POV: Looking down the length of his wrist, his 
           thumb serving as a sight, his index finger the barrel...

           ...he locks onto a person walking to their car...tracks along with 
           them, ever so slowly, as to not allow them out of his sights...

           CLOSE ON KILLIAN’S FACE

           One eye closed for accuracy. The other lowered to the back of 
           his hand like a sniper’s eye.

           KILLIAN’S POV: his arm glides over to another person, he 
           follows them with his self made pistol...

           The song grows louder...

           He gently curls down his thumb, as if to mimic a shot, and 
           WHISPERS the sound of his imaginary bullet --

                                 KILLIAN
                        ...poosh...

           ON KILLIAN

           As he drifts leisurely from human target to human target, 
           carrying out his own private massacre...

                                 KILLIAN
                             (whispers)
                        ......poosh.......                
                        ......poosh.......                      
                        ......poosh.......

           The song takes over the entire soundwaves, carrying to...

           INT. SPORTING GOODS STORE - DAY

           CAMERA GLIDES OVER a glass display case of guns....

           ...pistols...revolvers...shotguns...automatic rifles...

           KILLIAN’S EYES

           Drink them in...a weary traveler finding the promise land.
           The Kinks continue over...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - GARAGE - NIGHT

           CAMERA GLIDES OVER a table...

           On the table: An AR- 15. A Bushmaster XM 15. A Remington 870 
           pump action shotgun. A 9mm Sig Sauer. A glock 19. Extended 
           magazine clips. Two hand grenades. A kevlar vest. Black tactile 
           gloves. Black tactical pants. Black tactical boots. 

           Killian picks up one of the guns. Turning it over in his 
           hands, feeling it’s cold, heavy, lethal weight. 

           Finds his reflection in the full length mirror. 

           Likes how he looks.

           He raises up the gun and takes aim as if to shoot.

           He holds the pose...

           A TV/VCR set plays an old military training video. On screen 
           the instructor gives a step-by-step tutorial on firearm 
           combat. Killian follows along.

           The Kinks grow louder, carrying over to...

           INT. PUBLIC BATHROOM - STALL - NIGHT

           Killian stands in the stall. He’s wearing a twin shoulder 
           holster, TWO PISTOLS strapped to either side of his rib cage.

           He snorts up two bumps of cocaine.

           Zips up his jacket, concealing the weapons, and exits the 
           stall...CAMERA follows him out of the bathroom and into a --

           NIGHTCLUB

           “Living On A Thin Line” competes with the thumping CLUB MUSIC.

           A fog machine has pumped smoke into the place, it mixes with 
           the colorful swirling lights. 

           Killian emerges from the cloud like a ghost, CAMERA follows...

           He leans against the bar and orders a drink. Surveys the 
           dance floor, bobbing his head with the music...
           ...looks around at all the people dancing...laughing...being 
           young and beautiful and free...

           His drink comes. He downs the entire thing in a single gulp.

           Moves to the dancefloor....begins to dance...all by himself...

           ...as the music grows louder his dancing grows more 
           intense...losing himself in the moment...

           He knows he has the power to kill everyone in the room and 
           that knowledge has lifted him into utter ecstasy.

           PRELAP: TAT TAT TAT TAT TAT --

           The music abruptly stops --

           INT. SHOOTING RANGE - DAY

           Our senses are blitzed by the incredibly violent ear-drum 
           splitting gunfire.

           Killian is in a booth FIRING his AR - 15 assault rifle.

           CAMERA pushes in towards him as he fires over our head. White 
           hot FLASHES explode out the barrel --

           -- QUICK FLASH of people dancing in the nightclub --

           Back to Killian shooting. The sheer magnitude of the sound, 
           the deafening silence that comes after, it’s bone chilling.

           CAMERA lands in a close up on Killian. He lifts his eye away 
           from the scope and peers down the range to examine his target.

           From the small, satisfied grin we assume he’s got pretty good aim. 

           HOLD on his face...

           The grin fades then disappears. The adrenaline rush evaporates. 
           The fleeting moment of joy is gone. The darkness rolls back in. 
           The bottomless void still needs filling.

           PRELAP: A woman’s voice singing “Psycho Killer” by Talking Heads..

           INT. KARAOKE BAR - NIGHT

           CLOSE ON
           A WOMAN swaying woozily beneath a kaleidoscope of disco lights 
           while singing the song in a dreamlike whisper. Patrons sway 
           along languid like nightmare figures in the smoke-green haze.

           CAMERA finds Killian towards the back of the dimly lit space. 
           He’s posted outside the bathroom, leaning against the wall, 
           swigging a bottle of beer. His eyes bore through the hazy air, 
           watching the woman croon. A dark twinkle in his eyes.

           He gently whispers along with her...

                                 KILLIAN
                             (whispers to himself)
                        Psycho Killer
                        Qu'est-ce que c'est
                        Fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-far 
                        better
                        Run run run run run run run awayyyy

           His attention is broken by a DRUNK GUY who’s stumbling his 
           way. The guy is agitated, mumbling to himself.

           The man looks up and sees Killian posted against the wall.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        You got a light?

           Killian looks around a beat, taken aback that someone is 
           actually talking to him.

                                 KILLIAN
                        What?

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        You got a lighter?

                                 KILLIAN
                        No.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        Son of a bitch. Women, man. Am I right?

           Killian just stares back at him, not knowing what else to say.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        You wanna do a bump?

           INT. KARAOKE BAR - BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Killian and the drunk man are stuffed into a bathroom stall. Lines 
           of cocaine have been laid out atop the toilet paper dispenser. 
           The drunk man, his eyes blood shot, snorts back a line in the 
           middle of a wandering drug fueled tirade.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        ...and it’s all bullshit, you know?
                        The whole corrupt system is just one 
                        all consuming lie. A turgid, 
                        malignant, all encompassing lie.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

           The drunk man chops up a few more lines, crushing and 
           separating them into neat little rows. Rambling as he does...

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        Keep us afraid, the bewildered herd.  
                        You’re watching television, you’re 
                        watching the news, you’re being pumped 
                        full of fear -– all the time -- there’s 
                        wildfires, there’s terrorism, there’s 
                        murder -– go to commercial –- buy this 
                        car or the girl won’t fuck you, buy 
                        this home alarm system or your kids 
                        will be raped -– do you have ulcerative 
                        colitis? you probably do, buy this -- 
                        do you have plaque psoriasis? if not 
                        you will soon, buy that. Meanwhile 
                        muslims are coming to kill you -– so 
                        are the blacks -– especially the 
                        blacks. No offense. And they throw the 
                        face of a black man on screen because 
                        the black man is America’s worst 
                        nightmare. They keep a boot heel on 
                        your neck. They created the nightmare. 
                        They need the nightmare. What’s the 
                        point of being on the mountaintop if 
                        there’s no one in the valley to look 
                        down on. You know what I’m saying?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Look down on. Yes.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        And for what? It’s a campaign of 
                        fear and consumption, based on the 
                        whole idea: keep the sheep afraid 
                        and they’ll consume. Fear is the 
                        gasoline which keeps the 
                        capitalistic engine running. Throw 
                        the monster in jail -- now you’re 
                        safe. Go buy the new Ford truck.

           He snorts up another line. 
                                 DRUNK MAN
                        They can bomb the entire middle 
                        east but I drive on a suspended 
                        license and I go to jail. And we 
                        accept this?
                             (snort)
                        It’s time the people rise up. Make 
                        them feel the pain we feel. Taste 
                        of their own shit you know?

           Killian, who has been listening intently, offers a plain solution.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I could go shoot them if you’d 
                        like. I have a gun.

           The guy laughs and plays along as he chops another line.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        Yeah that would be nice. Just go 
                        splatter their brains onto the 
                        dance floor. Bang! Bang! 

           The man snorts up another line. Killian watches him calmly.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

           The guy laughs again, finding Killian’s dead pan hilarious.

                                 DRUNK MAN
                        You’re alright, man. You’re alright. 

           The guy lowers down to snort another line. Killian gazes down 
           at the top of the guy’s head. So vulnerable...

           EXT. FAST FOOD RESTURANT - NIGHT

           We watch from a sinisterly voyeuristic distance as a pudgy 
           MIDDLE AGED MAN with thin wisps of hair combed across his 
           blading scalp exits with a large back of food.

           The pudgy man gets into his car and drives away.

           INT. MIDDLE AGED MAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           Classic rock blares from the speakers. One pudgy hand on the 
           wheel while the other digs into the grease stained bag, 
           withdrawing an oily french fry and feeding it into his mouth.

           He sucks his fingers clean.
           EXT. APARTMENT COMPLEX - NIGHT

           FOLLOW the man up the exterior stairwell and down the 
           exterior hallway, the perspiring bag of trans fats wedged 
           under his armpit. He stops before a door, slithers out his 
           key. Opens the door. Enters.

           INT. APARTMENT COMPLEX - SAME

           He flips on the light, places down the bag of food and pads 
           into the bathroom. Lifts the toilet lid and begins to pee. 

           All the while unaware of the large black man sitting quietly 
           in the corner, automatic weapon resting calmly across his lap.

           The middle-aged man empties his bladder, oblivious.  

           Killian waits, calmly in the shadows.

           HOLD on this shot...

           The man flushes and returns into the living room. 

           Upon seeing Killian a high-pitched gasp escapes his plump 
           mouth. He goes still, stricken with numb terror.

                                 KILLIAN
                        If you scream I’ll shoot you dead.

           The man doesn’t dare. Futilely showing that he’s unarmed. 
           Killian peers back at him. Oddly serene and unflinching. 
           Allowing the AR - 15 to rest gently in his lap.

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        I don’t have any money.

           Killian allows the moment to linger. The man’s life in his hands.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you remember me?

           The man has no idea who Killian is. He drops his eyes, 
           shaking, terrified.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Look at me. Do you know who I am?

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        ...no...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Look at my face.
           Then man brings his watering eyes up. Still no recognition.

                                 KILLIAN
                        2016 Grand Prix. Dayton, Ohio. You 
                        were the judge. You told me I 
                        wasn’t good enough. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        You remember me?

           The man trembles. 

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        I judge a lot of competitions.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You didn’t like my hamstrings or my 
                        deltoids. You placed me eleventh. 
                        Told me I wasn’t good enough. 

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        ...I’m sorry...

           His voice a shaky whisper.

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        I’ll write the commissioner. 
                        I’ll put in a good word.

                                 KILLIAN
                        It’s too late.

           The man whimpers.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You’re on the mountaintop looking 
                        down on me.

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        No...please...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes, you are.

           The man whimpers again. 

                                 KILLIAN
                        Take off your clothes.

                                 MIDDLE AGED MAN
                        Please...
                                 KILLIAN
                        Do it.

           The man slowly peels off his shirt. His pale flaccid stomach 
           flops out over his belt.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Pants.

           The man hesitates, pleading, crying now.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Take off your pants or I’ll shoot 
                        you in the stomach.

           The man unbuckles his belt and shimmies down is pants.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Slowly. Like you mean it.

           He steps out of the pants, exposing shins rubbed hairless from 
           years of wearing socks. Wrinkled white briefs are all that remain. 

           Gun leveled on the half naked man, Killian uses his free hand to 
           gently twist closed the blinds. They CREAK as they shut.

           Ambient streetlight is shut out. The room grows dark. Lit 
           only by the haunting blue glow of the man’s fish tank.

           Killian appraises the large bag of now soggy fried chicken 
           and wilting french fries.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Pathetic.

           A stereo system on the shelf. Killian turns it on.

           “Because The Night” by Patti Smith is playing.

           He CRANKS up the volume. Very loud. The man begins to cry.

           Killian RACKS the slide and raises the machine gun.

           Over this music:

                                 KILLIAN
                        Front lat spread.

           The man doesn’t understand. He doesn’t move. Weeping.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Front lat spread!

           Confounded, the man obeys, striking a trembling front lat pose.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Gross. 
                        Front double bicep.

           The sniveling man obeys, twisting his flabby body into the 
           new pose. Glowing in the surreal blue neon. Patti Smith 
           wails. The soaring rock song lends the moment a bizarre and 
           macabre irony. 

           In the corner A CAT watches the incident devoid of compassion. 
           Blue aquatic neon reflecting in its placid black eyes.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Rear lat spread.

           The man follows orders.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Fat. Dumb. Ugly. 
                        Side triceps.

           The man begins to weep uncontrollably now.

                                 KILLIAN
                        How does it feel?

           ..whimpering, no answer...

           CAMERA floats ominously in toward Killian...machine gun raised...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Look at me.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you see me now? 

           ...CAMERA lands in a chilling close up of Killian’s face...

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you see what I have become?

           A LUSH ORCHESTRAL PIECE fills our ears, sweeping across the 
           soundscape with frightening beauty...

           BEGIN MONTAGE

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN’S ROOM - NIGHT

           Lit only by the screen of his lap top. Killian’s eyes scan 
           images and articles of mass shootings:

           Sandy Hook. Orlando. Parkland. Las Vegas. Aurora. Fort hood.
           Police vehicles and crime scene tape. Half covered bodies 
           laying inert on the pavement. 

           Survivors and loved ones frozen in states of unspeakable grief.

           Shock. Horror. Dismay. 

           And then the shooters. Pictures of them everywhere. 

           On the covers of newspapers. 

           On the covers of magazines...

           Their faces etched into the annals of history. Like icons. 
           Like kings. Living in eternal infamy.

           CLOSE ON KILLIAN’S EYES

           ...Taking this all in with sublime focus...

           ...The orchestral piece grows louder...

           INT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY

           Killian descends an escalator. His steady gaze set down on 
           the sea of people beneath him...

           The classical music gives the moment an air of macabre grace, 
           entrance music for some falling angel.

           As he glides downward time  s  l  o  w  s . . . .

           Mixing with the classical music comes sounds of gunfire. 

           People screaming.

           Chaos.

           These sounds are only in Killian’s dark imagination. 

           For now.

           People continue their lives, unaware of his fantasy.

           INT. CHURCH - DAY

           Killian sits in a pew at the back of the church. He appraises 
           the congregation...the backs of people’s heads..hovering 
           there like sitting ducks. Vulnerable. Oblivious.

           Everything remains in slow motion...

           KILLIAN’S POV
           The PRIEST giving his sermon. We can’t hear the words, only 
           the orchestral score... 

           Killian’s eyes move to the plump little baby angels on the 
           stained glass windows...

           ...his eyes move to a replica of Jesus hanging on the cross. Blood 
           dripping from the crown of thorns. His eyes rolled dead.

           Killian watches... The score continues over...

           INT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT

           Slowed time continues as Killian stalks down the aisle.

           He glides in front of the screen, like a specter, his body 
           engulfed in the projector’s light.

           He looks out at the crowd of faces. A full theater.

           JUMP CUT to an image that only lasts a half second, but in this 
           brief moment we see everyone dead, shot to death in their seats.

           CLOSE ON KILLIAN’S EYES

           An eerie dark light dazzles within them. 

           The music swells and builds to its finish then fades away.

           Killian closes his eyes.

           Cut to black 

           END OF MONTAGE

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Killian at the kitchen table eating an entire ice cream cake.

           The wall phone rings. He looks up at it. Not used to callers.

           It rings again.

           He picks it up and holds the phone to his ear. Skeptical.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        Hello? Is this Killian?

           The caller is a man. Confident and friendly.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes?

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        Killian Maddox?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. This is he.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        It’s Brent.

           His face doesn’t move. Silence fills the air. His heart stops.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                         Vanderhorn.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        The bodybuilder... I got your letters...

           After another short pause:

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes, this is Killian Maddox.

           The voice laughs, a little uncomfortable, brushing it off.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        I have a show in your area next 
                        week. Thought maybe you’d like a 
                        ticket. You can come backstage 
                        afterwards, say what’s up.

           Killian has yet to move. Yet to blink. As if he’s not sure 
           it’s safe to trust his own ears.

                                 VOICE THROUGH PHONE
                        Hello? Killian?

           Killian responds flatly, cautiously.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes. I’d like that very much.

           HOLD on Killian’s detached and unreadable gaze.

           PRELAP: A tender, splendid piece of classical opera...
           INT. SHOW ROOM - DAY

           CAMERA floats majestically toward BRENT VANDERHORN as he poses on 
           stage. His blonde hair, blue eyes and artificially tanned skinned 
           shimmer under the lights. The embodiment of Aryan beauty. 

           He twists into a new pose, flexing, muscles ripple, his teeth 
           pearly white. 

           REVEAL Killian in the crowd. Gazing up in child-like wonder.

           The opera music SOARS.

           INT. BACK STAGE - AFTER THE SHOW

           Brent, toweled off and wearing a sweat suit now, signs an 
           autograph for a fan. Poses for a selfie.

           Killian observes from a timid distance. Finally works up the 
           courage to approach, warily. Butterflies in his stomach.

           He stands before Brent, quietly, waiting to be noticed. Brent 
           looks up from an autograph. He meets the staring black man’s gaze.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        Killian?

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hi.

           Brent finishes the autograph, the fan leaves and it’s just the two 
           of them. Brent gazes at Killian, his eyes, blue as the ocean, 
           sizzle with confidence. Immediately detecting Killian’s shyness.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        Well thanks for coming man. You 
                        look just like your picture.

                                 KILLIAN
                        It was a good show. Very good. Your 
                        abs look even better than before.

           Brent flashes that glowing white grin.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        My babies. You wanna touch?

           He lifts his sweatshirt, revealing a midsection carved of stone. 
           Killian hesitates, bashful, awaiting further instruction.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        Go ‘head. It’s cool.
           Slowly Killian reaches out, as if touching a Holy artifact.

           CLOSE ON: Killian’s fingertips running gently over the peaks 
           and valleys of sculpted muscle...

                                 KILLIAN
                        They’re perfect.

           Brent drops his shirt back down and laughs.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        You’re funny.

           Brent’s eyes crawl over him. A delicious little idea forming...

           Killian gazes back. Unsure of what is happening...

           The air between them charged. Electric. Brent grins, lascivious:

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        So you’re my number one fan, huh? 

           Off Killian’s face...we cut to --

           INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

           The bed sheets are ruffled. 

           Killian sits on the edge of the bed. Wearing only underwear, 
           gazing in a bewildered daze at a spot in the carpet. He works his 
           pants back on, trying to make sense of what just happened.

           In the background, in soft focus, Brent swings out of bed, naked, 
           snapping his briefs back on. He stretches and yawns. Scratching 
           his belly. Satisfied. Casual. Routine. Another Friday night.

           His cell phone buzzes on the nightstand. He checks the ID. Sighs.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        Damnit.

           He picks up. A finger to his lips asking Killian to be silent.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                             (into phone)
                        Hey honey.

           He listens. A WOMAN’S VOICE can be heard on the other end.

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                        Yeah my flight got cancelled.
                             (listens)
                        First thing in the morning.
           Killian slips on his shoes. Confused. Unsure how to behave. Looks 
           to Brent for some sort of reassurance but Brent pays him no mind. 

                                 BRENT VANDERHORN
                             (into phone)
                        I don’t like being away from you either.

           Sensing he’s no longer needed, Killian opens the door and 
           leaves the room in a somber fog. 

           Still on the phone, Brent doesn’t care to watch him go.

           INT. MALL FOOD COURT - DAY

           Killian sits alone inhaling 10,000 calories worth of fast food.

           HOLD...

           INT. SAFEWAY PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON

           Jessie leaving work for the day, still wearing her Safeway 
           apron, heading towards her car after a long shift.

           Her gaze catches on something in the distance, her face goes 
           white with dread, she drops her eyes and quickens her pace.

                                 KILLIAN (O.S.)
                        Jessie.

           She ignores his plea, hurrying toward her car, nervously 
           digging into her purse to find her keys.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Jessie.

           Killian is approaching from the opposite end of the lot, 
           cutting her off. Jessie begins to retreat, backing away, 
           afraid, awkward...

                                 KILLIAN
                        It’s okay. It’s okay..

           She remains tightly coiled, one foot back should she need to 
           run, appraising Killian coming nearer like a stray dog.

           Killian senses her distress and stops advancing, allowing her some 
           comfortable distance, they stand there about ten feet apart, 
           neither one moving.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I just wanted to apologize. 
                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m sorry I wasn’t a better date for you. 
                        And I’m sorry if I frightened you. 

           Jessie says nothing. Still wary. Unsure what to say.

                                 KILLIAN
                        I hope you find someone nice one day.

                                 KILLIAN
                        You don’t have to worry about me 
                        anymore. You won’t be seeing me again.

           Something both terrifying and heartbreaking about the way he 
           says this and with that he turns and walks away, leaving 
           Jessie shaking in the afternoon sun.

           Prelap: a phone ringing through the line...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - KILLIAN'S BEDROOM - EVENING

           Killian is pacing the room, phone to his ear.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hi Brent, it’s me again. I got 
                        your number from the league 
                        directory. I hope that’s okay. 
                        Sorry for all the messages. I 
                        know you’re probably busy but 
                        please, call me back... call me 
                        back because...I’m asking nicely 
                        and I’m not raising my 
                        voice...and because, honestly, 
                        when you ignore me it hurts my 
                        feelings...and makes me feel a 
                        little sad...and a little 
                        angry...and you’ve done those 
                        things to me...I just wanted to 
                        be your friend and you’ve done 
                        those things to me. I’d like you 
                        to call me back when you can. 
                        It’s Killian Maddox by the way. 
                        Okay. Thank you.

           He hangs up. Ruminates. Lets out a somber exhale.

           A darkness rolls behind his eyes. A quiet fury. A change of mind.

           He picks the phone back up and dials again. Straight to voicemail.

           He says coldly and matter-of-fact:

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m going to kill your entire family.
           He hangs up. Gazes out the window. Ominous storm clouds 
           coalesce in the sky overhead. 

           PRELAP: the sound of pouring RAIN.....

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           A stormy night. 

           Killian drives slowly down a dark street, windshield wipers 
           wick away sheets of water. Peering out through the rain, 
           looking for something, someone...

           Up ahead, through the haze, a FIGURE moving down the sidewalk. 
           Through the blurry windshield we make out her fuzzy pink coat. 

           Killian pulls up alongside her and rolls down his window.

           Rain HISSES on the sidewalk like popcorn.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Hey.

           Pink coat is walking gingerly as to avoiding puddles. She 
           holds a small white umbrella over her little head. She turns, 
           squinting through the storm into the dark car..

                                 KILLIAN
                        You remember me?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yeah I remember you. Feeling better?

           INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

           Neon light glows through the window, catching the rain on the 
           glass and sending ominous shadows crawling down the wall.

           Pink coat sits on the edge of the bed. Killian stands before her 
           in the middle of the room. There’s a noticeable difference about 
           him this time. A quiet confidence. Relaxed focus.

           He takes off his shirt, drops it to the ground. He stands 
           there, half naked, as if on display.

           He’s grown puffier since we’ve last seen him. His muscles 
           less defined. A soft layer of fat has smoothed him out.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you think my skin is too dark?

                                 PINK COAT
                        No. I like dark skin.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Are you lying?

                                 PINK COAT
                        No.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Don’t lie to me.

                                 PINK COAT
                        I’m not. I think you have beautiful 
                        skin and a beautiful body.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Nobody understands how hard it is. 
                        Nobody ever listens.

                                 PINK COAT
                        I’m listening.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Do you ever get bad ideas in your 
                        head? Ideas that make you sick?

                                 PINK COAT
                        Yes. I think everybody does.

                                 KILLIAN
                        What do you do?

                                 PINK COAT
                        I pretend they’re not there...
                             (shrugs despondently)
                        What else can you do?

           He glares at her. There’s an unsettling intensity in his 
           eyes. She matches his gaze, refuses to look away.

           Rain patters the window. The moment is charged. Electric.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Get up.

           She does, slowly. Killian backs into the corner of the room 
           lowering himself into a chair, facing her.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Take off your clothes.

           She begins to take them off in the same routine manner as before.
                                 KILLIAN
                        Slowly. 

                        Like you mean it.

           She slows down...peels her wet top off....

           Killian watches her with a peculiar gaze, as if viewing an 
           exotic creature.

           She steps out of her skirt and stands there naked in the 
           center of the room, like an object.

           She looks at him, awaiting her next command. 

           Killian says nothing. Sitting silent and still as stone, 
           cloaked in the shadows, backlit by the eerie neon bloom.

           A long moment passes...

           Tension builds. Only sound is that of the driving rain.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Get in the shower.

           She backs away, slowly, into the bathroom. Cuts on the shower 
           faucet, pulls back the curtain and steps in.

                                 PINK COAT
                             (calling out from the shower)
                        You gonna join me?

           Killian reaches down calmly underneath the chair, pulls out 
           his black duffle bag and lifts out A PUMP ACTION SHOTGUN.

           He cocks it.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Yes.

           Gun hanging to his side, he walks casually across the carpet 
           and into the --

           BATHROOM

           He stares at her body silhouetted through the curtain. 

           We stay outside the shower on Killian.

           When she speaks her voice is ethereal and dreamlike.
                                 PINK COAT
                        I like when it rains.... 
                        Everything feels simple.
                        Like magic could happen.

           Killian raises up the shotgun. Within the confines of this 
           small bathroom the weapon looks absurdly large.

           He points it at her glass pebbled silhouette. She continues 
           rinsing in the shower, totally oblivious...

                                 PINK COAT
                        Do you like when it rains?

           LONG SLOW ZOOM IN on Killian’s face. Stoic. Calm. Focused.  
           His eyes have glazed over as if in a trance....

           LONG SLOW ZOOM in on her silhouetted body...

           CLOSE ON: His finger tightening its squeeze around the trigger.

           His concentration breaks. His senses come flooding back.

           He lowers the shotgun. Realizes he hasn’t been breathing for 
           the past half minute and gasps for a breath.

           He walks out of the bathroom, tosses the shotgun into the 
           duffle and disappears out into the storm.

           At the sound of the slamming door Pink Coat pokes her head 
           out of the curtain. Looks around confused.

                                 PINK COAT
                        Hello?

           Cut to black.

                             CARD: One Month Later

           INT. KILLIAN’S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT

           Killian drives. His dog sits in the backseat. 

           He looks in the rearview mirror at his dog.

           His dog looks back. Its eyes mournful.

           There seems to be a grim acknowledgement of what’s to come.

           EXT. BACK DOOR OF AN ANIMAL SHELTER - NIGHT

           He ties the dog’s leash around a lamp post. He bends to a 
           knee and hugs the dog. Doesn’t seem to want to let go.
           He stands, pushing down any emotion that may have crept up.

           He knocks on the back door of the shelter and trots away.

           Hold on the dog. Tied up. Alone under a pool of yellow light.

           A SERIES OF TABLEAUS 

           - Various shots of dawn stretching over the sleepy American town. 

           - A street lamp flickers off, going dark against the purple sky.

           - A bedroom light comes on inside a cozy suburban home.

           - A paperboy glides on his bicycle down a quiet street.

           - CENTER OF TOWN, a work crew erects pedestrian barricades along 
           the street. A PARADE is being set up through the main drag.

           All quiet on the western front...

           INT. MADDOX RESIDENCE - DAWN

           Dawn’s soft blue glow out the window. 

           A DIGITAL CAMERA sits in the center of the room. 

           Red record light blinking...

           REVERSE on Killian, staring directly into the camera.

           He clears his throat and begins to speak:

                                 KILLIAN 
                        Ladies and gentlemen of America, 
                        my name is Killian Maddox and I 
                        have come to save you.

           LATER

           AN ARRAY OF GUNS have been spread out on his neatly made bed. 
           Killian loads in rounds of ammunition. Cocks the slide.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I was asleep and now I am awake. 

                        I have seen the light.

                        America has lied to you. 

                        It does not care about the sick or 
                        the poor or the ugly. 
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
                                 KILLIAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
                        It does not care if you are good 
                        or if you are bad. 

                        There are winners and there are losers. 
                        This world is not for everyone.

           A SMALL TV

           Plays the Local Morning News. Cheery NEWSANCHORS talk about 
           this year’s ‘Annual Fourth Of July Parade’ happening today.

           Thousands of people are expected to be there, etc.

           Killian watches a moment, his face stoic, then turns off the TV.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        Dreams are for sleeping.
                        The sooner you realize this the 
                        sooner you can be free. 

           He loads the massive firearms into a black duffle bag. 

           Zips it closed.

           BATHROOM

           He shaves his head.

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        It will all be over soon. 

                        Relax. 

                        You won't feel a thing. 

           KILLIAN’S ROOM

           “KILLIAN  MADDOX  WAS  HERE”  has been spray painted on his wall.

           Under a black trench coat he wears black tactical gear from 
           head to foot. Duffle bag slung over one shoulder, he holds a 
           machine gun and stares at himself in the mirror. 

           Steely eyed and resolute. A mercenary. A beacon of death.   

           He shouts to the other room, gaze never leaving his reflection.

                                 KILLIAN
                        Grandpa.

           ...no answer...

                                 KILLIAN
                        I’m headed out for a bit.
           He stares at himself in the mirror...

                                 KILLIAN (V.O.)
                        I still believe I could have been a champion.

                        Maybe in another life.                

                        I have gone to be with mom and dad in 
                        the stars. I hope to see them soon.

           The unflinching determination on his face shows signs of 
           fracture. His visage softens. TEARS fill his eyes.

           Fear of what’s to come? Grief over what never will be?

           Hope?

           Elation?

           The tears roll down his face...

           He does not move.

           Sound drops away.

           HOLD....

           SCORE bleeds in...

           Epic in scope yet somber and intimate in timbre. It feels grand 
           and gorgeous and haunted, like a looming storm on the horizon.

           ...it carries over to...

                                                                CUT TO:

           A WHITE BACK DROP

           Sitting on a stool under the photo shoot lights is Killian. 
           It seems as though some time has passed. His hair has grown 
           back, he seems to be in better health.

           Off screen we hear A PHOTOGRAPHER give gentle direction, her 
           voice buried under the rising SCORE...

                                 PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
                        Chin up. 
                        Shoulders back. 
                        Very good. 

           We begin to hear the faint CHEER OF A CROWD in the distance, 
           blending into the delightfully menacing orchestral piece...

                                 PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
                        Three...two...one..
           POP -- a camera flash --

                                                                CUT TO:

           A MAGAZINE COVER

           Of Killian, frozen in time. Immortalized.

           Sounds of the cheering crowd are a little louder now...

           CAMERA pans away from the magazine...and floats down a long 
           hallway in a ghostly drift...

           ....the crowd grows louder, fuller, closer...

           CAMERA lurks toward the sound...

           ...glides into a SHOWROOM where an ecstatic audience cheers the 
           finalists of a bodybuilding competition.

           CAMERA floats over the crowd like a quiet breeze...

           Drifting toward Killian, on stage, his black skin twinkling 
           beneath the lights, dazzling in all his glory...

           ...SCORE builds to the brink of a gloomy elated madness...

           Buried under the shimmering music we hear someone announce:

           “Ladies and gentlemen your champion, Killian Maddox”

           A gold medal is placed around Killian’s neck.

           Cheers and applause mix with the swirling violins.

           CAMERA floats through in a dreamlike splendor...landing on 
           Killian, posing for the crowd, camera flashes popping...

           Killian soaks in the faceless crowd out there in the dark...

           He basks in the love.

           And just as the soaring strings build to their glorious 
           crescendo Killian looks directly into our eyes --

                               Magazine Dreams
