                                        SEED

                                         by
                                  Christina Hodson

          CAA
          424-288-2000
           EXT. CHINATOWN, NEW YORK CITY - EVENING

           It is a bitterly cold winter’s day and the sidewalks are 
           covered in icy grey slush. 

           A young woman bundled up in a cheap down jacket struggles 
           with bags of groceries, her face barely visible between her 
           woollen hat and scarf. 

           She dips inside a steamy Chinese restaurant, only to appear a 
           moment later carrying another bag. 

           Stepping carefully past the fishmonger’s buckets that jut out 
           into the street, the woman picks her way to the graffiti-
           covered door of a rundown apartment building. 

           Her gloved fingers fumble with the key as she opens the door. 

           INT. CHINATOWN APARTMENT, STAIRWAY

           The door slams closed with a CLANG and the woman starts the 
           slow climb up four flights of stairs. 

           As she goes, she peels off layer after layer: first her 
           gloves, hat, scarf, then the zipper of her jacket comes down. 

           At last we can see her properly. This is LEILA (29). Fair and 
           slight, she wears a cheap blouse with a name tag that 
           announces: HI! I’M LEILA, I’M HERE TO HELP!

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S APARTMENT 

           The locks on a badly painted apartment door rattle before 
           finally the door opens. 

           Leila steps inside, dropping her bags. The apartment is tiny: 
           one small bedroom off an awkwardly angled kitchen and living 
           space. A voice calls out to her:

                                 TOMASO (O.C.)
                        I’m in here. 

           Still wearing her snow-flecked jacket she shuffles round into 
           the bedroom where her husband TOMASO (33) sits at a small 
           desk surrounded by papers. 

           Dark haired and unshaven, Tomaso’s handsome face is crinkled 
           with stress. He looks up at Leila. 

           Her cheeks are rosy and flushed and her hair is a mess. In 
           spite of it all she is beautiful. He can’t help smiling.
           Standing to kiss her, he helps her shrug off her jacket and 
           before she can stop him, he pushes her back onto the bed. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Well Good Evening Mrs Argenti.
                             (nuzzling her)
                        Your cheeks are freezing. 

                                 LEILA
                        Tommy. Come on. Take-out’s going 
                        cold. 

           She pretends to be annoyed but her face tells us otherwise. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        How’d it go today?
                             (getting only kisses in 
                              response)
                        Did they say they’d hire you again?

                                 TOMASO
                        I’ll hire you again. 

                                 LEILA
                        Seriously. What did they say?

           Tomaso stops and sits up on his elbow. 

                                 TOMASO
                        They might. But Italian translators 
                        aren’t exactly in demand. I’m just 
                        going to keep working on the book.

                                 LEILA
                        Baby, you know I believe in you. 
                        But the book’s not going to pay 
                        next month’s rent. Or this month’s 
                        for that matter.

           Tomaso buries himself in her hair to get away. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Are you sure you don’t want to call 
                        your sister back?

                                 TOMASO
                        I don’t need their money. 

                                 LEILA
                        Well... we kinda do. 

           She says this laughing, looking around their ramshackle 
           apartment. It’s a conversation they’ve had before.
           But Tomaso is not listening, he’s already gone back to 
           kissing her neck and unbuttoning her uniform.

           Leila runs her fingers through his thick dark hair, a smile 
           playing on her lips. Their chemistry is undeniable. 

           Just as things start to heat up, she pulls him back so that 
           she can look him in the eye.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        I love you so much. 

           He responds by kissing her, hungrily, pulling off his shirt 
           as she slips off her underwear. 

           They begin to make love with a sweet desperation. As if the 
           answers to their problems might be found in the other’s 
           embrace. 

           INT. WAITING ROOM, OBGYN’S OFFICE - DAY

           Tomaso and Leila wait anxiously in the modest reception of a 
           state-run OBGYN clinic. Around them a collection of New 
           York’s broke and uninsured mothers-to-be.

           An exhausted nurse appears with a clipboard:

                                 NURSE
                        Leila and Tomaso Argenti? 

           They look up: Tomaso’s eyes full of hope, Leila’s full of 
           apprehension. 

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM, OBGYN’S OFFICE - LATER

           Leila wears a surgical gown, propped up on a bed with her 
           feet in stirrups. Tomaso clutches her hand tight. 

           A harried-looking OBGYN, DR RUSSELL (50s), is performing a 
           transvaginal ultrasound. All eyes are on the monitor.

                                 DR. RUSSELL
                        And you said your last period 
                        was...

           Before Leila has a chance to answer, Tomaso jumps in eagerly.

                                 TOMASO
                        December 14th. She’s 10 weeks 
                        exactly.
           Dr. Russell says nothing as she continues to sweep the 
           uterine wall, looking at the screen. 

           The silence is agonizing. Leila turns away. Her free hand 
           goes to a small silver cross around her neck. 

           Tomaso’s eyes hungrily scan the image on the monitor, unable 
           to see what is becoming increasingly apparent to Dr. Russell.

                                 DR. RUSSELL 
                        Leila, I’m so sorry to have to tell 
                        you this...

           Leila closes her eyes.

                                 DR. RUSSELL (CONT’D)
                        ...I’m afraid it looks like the 
                        embryo stopped growing some time 
                        ago. 

                                 TOMASO
                        What does that mean?

                                 DR. RUSSELL 
                        I’m afraid the pregnancy has 
                        miscarried. I’m so sorry.

           Tomaso is devastated, his face crumples with disappointment. 

           Leila’s hands cover her face. She peers at Dr. Russell over 
           her fingers. For a moment we see a glimmer of something like 
           relief in her eyes.

           INT. APARTMENT - EVENING

           Leila and Tomaso sit at their fold-out dining table in 
           silence, neither one touching the microwave dinner in front 
           of them. Tomaso’s eyes are puffy and tired. Leila looks numb. 

           We continue to hear Dr. Russell’s voice throughout. 

                                 DR. RUSSELL (O.C.)
                        What is important is that you 
                        remember that you didn’t do 
                        anything wrong. This is no one’s 
                        fault. One in four pregnancies 
                        miscarry in the first 10 weeks and 
                        it doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll 
                        have any trouble conceiving again. 
           INT. DR. RUSSELL’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

           We are back at the clinic but now Leila is dressed and they 
           are sitting in Dr. Russell’s office. 

                                 DR. RUSSELL (CONT’D)
                        What you need to think about now is 
                        how you want to move forward. Since 
                        the miscarriage is what we call 
                        incomplete, you can either wait for 
                        the body to go through its natural 
                        process and expel the embryo or 
                        some people prefer to opt for 
                        surgical completion, which we can 
                        arrange in the next few days.

                                 LEILA 
                        I want to wait.

           Leila has retreated into herself. She is cool and calm.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        We can’t afford the surgery anyway. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Leila, we can find the money. You 
                        should have the surgery if you 
                        want.

                                 LEILA
                             (definitive)
                        I’ll wait. 

           Dr. Russell, sensitive, gives them a moment. When she speaks 
           again her voice is gentle, reassuring. 

                                 DR. RUSSELL 
                        You’ll likely experience cramping 
                        and bleeding, not unlike a heavy 
                        period. 

           INT. APARTMENT - EVENING

           Leila and Tomaso get ready for bed. They shuffle around each 
           other silently. Almost afraid to make eye contact. 

                                 LEILA (O.C.)
                        How long will it take? For it to be 
                        out of me?

           As she tries to get past him, Tomaso suddenly reaches out, 
           grabbing her by the waist. He pulls her into his body. 
           Leila allows him to hold her, feeling his grief, his pain. 

           INT. DR. RUSSELL’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

                                 DR. RUSSELL 
                        It could happen any time in the 
                        next couple of weeks. In the 
                        meantime you should try to relax. 
                        You may continue to experience 
                        morning sickness: nausea, vomiting. 
                        Take some time off if you can. It’s 
                        natural to grieve at a time like 
                        this. 

           Tomaso nods, taking this all in, but Leila is in a world of 
           her own, staring off into space. 

           INT. BEDROOM, APARTMENT - NIGHT

           Tomaso and Leila lie side by side in bed. They are both wide 
           awake, staring into the darkness. 

           Leila shuts her eyes tight, trying to force herself to sleep. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           A fleeting IMAGE of Leila on a wide staircase in a loose 
           white dress. Her face is deathly pale. CRIMSON BLOOD blooms 
           over the white fabric. Her hands are covered in BLOOD. 

                                                               BACK TO:

           Leila’s eyes OPEN WIDE in the dark bedroom. After a few 
           seconds, she closes them tight again.

                                                                CUT TO:

           Another image FLASHES momentarily before us. Leila as a YOUNG 
           GIRL (8), wearing a white nightie. Her face is pale and 
           struck with terror, her hands covered in BLOOD. 

           A phone RINGS loudly. 

                                                               BACK TO:

           Leila’s eyes OPEN. The kitchen phone is RINGING loudly.

           Though they are both awake, neither Tomaso nor Leila gets up 
           to answer it. Soon the machine kicks in:
                                 VOICEMAIL 
                             (Tomaso & Leila’s voices 
                              in unison, playful)
                        You’ve reached Mr & Mrs Tomaso and 
                        Leila Argenti. You know what to do.
                             (after a BEEP, a woman’s 
                              voice)
                        Tomaso. It’s me. Again. I wish you 
                        would answer. Papé’s getting worse. 
                        He’s not going to be with us long. 
                        You need to be here. With your 
                        family. Please just call. 

           The machine clicks off, leaving Tomaso and Leila in silence 
           again. Neither speaks. 

           INT. BATHROOM, APARTMENT - MORNING

           Leila is taking a shower in the cracked pink bathtub. On the 
           other side of the curtain, Tomaso is brushing his teeth. 

                                 LEILA (O.C.)
                        I want to go to Italy. 

                                 TOMASO
                        What?

                                 LEILA (O.C.)
                        I think we should go and see your 
                        father before it’s too late. 

           We move over to Leila’s side of the curtain. Scalding hot 
           water rushes over her naked body as she continues.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        There’s nothing keeping us here. 
                        We’re broke. We hate this 
                        apartment. Maybe we could go for a 
                        couple of months. Your sister keeps 
                        offering to pay. Why don’t we just 
                        do it?

           Tomaso looks in the mirror, his expression unreadable. 

                                 LEILA (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        If you don’t make peace with him. 
                        You’ll regret it for the rest of 
                        your life. Believe me.

           Her tone tells us she is speaking from experience. Tomaso 
           doesn’t respond. The water stops and the curtain opens.

           Leila stands dripping wet, naked and vulnerable. 
                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        I think we need this. I need this. 
                        I need to get out of this place. 
                        Just for a bit. 

           Tomaso’s face softens. He wraps his arms around Leila getting 
           soaked in the process. He would do anything for this woman. 

                                 TOMASO
                             (softly)
                        Okay. 

           Leila squeezes him tight as they cling to one another.

           INT. DELTA AIRLINES FLIGHT - NIGHT

           The economy cabin of the long-haul flight to Pisa is dark. 
           Leila sits by the window, staring out at the black sky.

           She turns to see Tomaso, who has fallen asleep with his head 
           at an awkward angle. 

           Tenderly she moves his chin back so that his head rests 
           against the seat. She closes her eyes. 

           EXT. PISA AEROPORTO, TRAIN PLATFORM - DAY

           It is a crisp, bright early spring day in Tuscany. Leila and 
           Tomaso, looking dishevelled, climb aboard a tiny local train. 

           INT. TRENITALIA, 2ND CLASS CARRIAGE 

           They take their seats facing one another, knees almost 
           knocking. There is a hint of youthful excitement in Leila’s 
           eyes as the train pulls away from the platform. 

           Tomaso checks his watch. He seems preoccupied. 

                                 LEILA
                        You nervous?

                                 TOMASO
                        I didn’t exactly leave on the best 
                        of terms. 

                                 LEILA
                        Tomaso, it’s been 15 years. Your 
                        family just want to see you. Aren’t 
                        you even a little excited to see 
                        them? He’s your dad. 
                                 TOMASO
                        He’s a crook. A wealthy, charming 
                        crook who happens to have the same 
                        last name as me. That’s about the 
                        extent of it. I don’t even know why 
                        we’re here. 

           Leila looks out of the window, feeling chastened. Tomaso 
           realizes he was too harsh. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                             (trying to be positive)
                        I’m excited to see the house. And I 
                        have a niece. Francesca. 

                                 LEILA
                        Myrra’s daughter?

                                 TOMASO
                        She was only a toddler when I left. 
                        I’m excited to see her. 

           He smiles at her, it’s an olive branch. 

                                 LEILA
                        I’m excited to meet all of them. To 
                        see where you come from. You never 
                        talk about this place. Look how 
                        beautiful it is. 

           Leila stares out at the Tuscan landscape whipping past the 
           window. They couldn’t be further from the grind of New York.

           I/E. LOCAL TAXI, EN ROUTE TO CASTIGLIONE - AFTERNOON

           Tomaso and Leila are in the backseat of a taxi making its 
           slow ascent up a narrow windy mountain road.

           Tomaso looks over at Leila who is looking rather pale.

                                 TOMASO
                        You okay?

                                 LEILA
                        Morning sickness. 

           The landscape here is vast and rugged. The mountain tops are 
           still capped in snow. Pale yellow primroses scattered by the 
           roadside the only promise of new life. 

           At the top of a nearby peak they see a tiny village perched 
           in solitary dominance. 
                                 TOMASO
                        There. That’s it. Castiglione di 
                        Garfagnana. That’s home. 

           The walled medieval village sits silently above them. 
           Impressive and yet foreboding. 

           I/E. TAXI, ARRIVING IN CASTIGLIONE - MOMENTS LATER

           The sun is low in the sky as the car pulls through the main 
           gate of the thick stone walls. It’s like entering a fortress. 

           The taxi crawls over the cobbled streets, up an alley barely 
           wide enough for a car, before stopping outside a magnificent 
           old palazzo with an expansive courtyard in front. 

                                 TOMASO
                        This is it. 

           Leila’s jaw drops. She is thrilled but also suddenly nervous. 

           The appearance of a beautiful and elegantly dressed Italian 
           woman only serves to make Leila more self-conscious.

           MYRRA (48) is a timeless beauty. Her features are refined, 
           handsome, imperial. 

                                 LEILA
                             (whispered disbelief)
                        That’s your sister? I thought you 
                        said she was old. 
                             (looking down at herself)
                        Jesus. I look terrible. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Don’t be crazy. You’re beautiful. 
                        Come on, let’s do this. 

           Tomaso pays the driver and steps out of the car. Leila 
           watches from the back seat as the woman embraces Tomaso. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Bentornato, Tomaso.

           He steps into her arms, albeit a little awkwardly. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Myrra. Sempre belissima. 

           Leila emerges shyly and Myrra’s eyes take her in instantly. 
           Myrra opens her arms again. The gesture is warm but it feels 
           slightly staged. She speaks perfect English.
                                 MYRRA
                        You must be Leila. My new sister. 
                        Welcome. 

           She kisses Leila on either cheek and leads the pair inside. 

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, DOWNSTAIRS 

           Inside, the old palazzo is simple and rustic. Thick stone 
           walls, terracotta floors, chestnut beams, huge fireplaces. 

           Leila tries to absorb every detail, looking through doorways 
           as Myrra leads them to the main staircase. 

           Tomaso too finds himself impressed by the familiar beauty of 
           his former home. He runs his hand along the cool stone walls. 

           They pass half a dozen people as they walk through the 
           palazzo, some cleaning floors, others carrying firewood. The 
           place is busy and full of life. 

           An older Italian woman with a curved back, TERESA (70), 
           approaches them. She GASPS when she sees Tomaso and before he 
           can react she takes his hand and kisses it reverently. 

                                 TERESA
                        Little Tomasino. Bentornato. 

           Tomaso is confused. He does not remember this woman who 
           greets him so warmly. 

           Before he can respond, Myrra nods at Teresa. Deferential, the 
           old woman releases Tomaso’s hand and moves away.

                                 MYRRA
                             (to Leila)
                        Teresa was one of Tomaso’s wet 
                        nurses. 
                             (looking at Tomaso)
                        He seems to have forgotten us.

           Myrra turns her back on them and keeps walking. Leila looks 
           at Tomaso and mouths, “Wet nurse?”. Tomaso shrugs and makes a 
           face. Leila giggles silently.

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM 

           Myrra opens a door to an upstairs room, revealing a stunning 
           four-poster bed with breathtaking views of the mountains at 
           sunset. Leila follows her in, mouth agape.
           A private bathroom, with an enormous marble bath and a small 
           private balcony, adjoins the bedroom.

           Leila’s eyes are full of wonder. Tomaso smiles to see her 
           happy.

                                 MYRRA
                        As soon as you’ve had a chance to 
                        bathe and change you must come to 
                        see Papé. He is very weak. 
                             (turning to leave)
                        I’m pleased you changed your mind 
                        Tomaso. This is where you belong. 
                        Both of you. 

           She closes the door behind her, leaving the couple alone. 
           Leila can barely contain herself as she flops onto the bed.

                                 LEILA
                        I can’t believe you grew up here. 
                        How could you bear to leave?

           Tomaso has already begun unpacking. He smiles at his wife’s 
           enthusiasm but cannot seem to muster the same himself. 

           He opens the bedside drawer and finds a hardback book. He 
           picks it up critically. 

           The cover is embossed with an ouroboros, a snake eating its 
           own tail, and the title: THE CIRCLE OF PLEASURE & PURITY. On 
           the back, a picture of the author, ALFREDO “Papé” ARGENTI.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Is that your father’s book?

           Tomaso seems to scoff, tossing it down onto the bed where 
           Leila picks it up and starts reading the back. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Looks kind of interesting.

                                 TOMASO
                        Trust me. It’s not. I can’t even 
                        believe its still in print. It’s 
                        embarrassing. 

                                 LEILA
                             (gesturing to the luxury 
                              of their surroundings)
                        It can’t be that bad. 
                                 TOMASO
                             (snatching back the book)
                        My father likes to present himself 
                        as some kind of all-seeing all-
                        knowing guru. Just because some 
                        people are stupid enough to fall 
                        for his spiritual bullshit doesn’t 
                        make it any less absurd. 

                                 LEILA
                        Sorry...

           Leila rolls away from him, but just as she’s about to get up, 
           he takes her wrist. 

                                 TOMASO
                        No. I’m sorry. I’m just- 
                             (anxious, vulnerable)
                        What am I supposed to say to him? 

           Clambering to her knees, Leila takes her husband in her arms. 

                                 LEILA
                        It’s going to be fine. It’s going 
                        to be more than fine. He’ll be so 
                        happy to see you. You’ll know what 
                        to say. 

           He rests his head against her, surrendered. On the bed his 
           father’s face looks up at him from the book jacket. 

           Gathering himself, he takes a breath and looks at Leila. 

                                 TOMASO
                        How are you feeling? 

           Leila shrugs silently, her eyes inadvertently casting down to 
           her flat stomach. It pains Tomaso to see her like this. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        If I could go through this for you 
                        I would, you know that don’t you? 
                             (embracing her again)
                        I know we hadn’t exactly planned on 
                        getting pregnant this soon but now 
                        that we’ve come this close it’s 
                        made me realize how ready I am to 
                        start a family. I love you so much 
                        Leila. You’re my life now. 

                                 LEILA
                        And you’re mine. We’re a team, 
                        Tommy. You and me, we’re a family. 
                        Maybe that’s enough for now. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEILA (CONT'D)
                             (hesitant)
                        Maybe things happen for a reason.

           Failing to read between the lines, Tomaso only holds her 
           tighter. 

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Tomaso and Leila emerge from their bedroom looking freshly 
           scrubbed and wearing crinkled clean clothes. 

           They seem like children, nervous, as they make their way down 
           the hallway. Tomaso looks to Leila, anxious. She gives him a 
           reassuring look, squeezing his hand. 

           They pass several people as they go, none of whom are 
           familiar to Tomaso, all of whom nod their heads to him 
           deferentially. Leila notices but says nothing. 

           In the open doorway of a room at the end of the hall stands 
           Myrra, quietly ordering people around. 

           She looks up and spots Tomaso and Leila approaching. 

           INT. PAPÉ’S BEDROOM, PALAZZO 

           Myrra guides Tomaso and Leila into Papé’s bedroom, where the 
           ailing patriarch lies dying in a huge canopied bed. 

           “PAPÉ” ARGENTI (80) is much older and frailer than his 
           picture on the book jacket. The flesh seems to have fallen 
           off his bones, leaving a wizened husk. 

           Beside his bed is a handsome Italian doctor, DR. ROSSI (38) 
           whose grave, calm face tells us there is little to be done. 

           In one corner, Teresa sits weeping and muttering 
           indecipherable prayers. Several women move around bringing 
           and clearing food, water and linens. 

           Tomaso feels strangely unmoved as he watches the doctor 
           listen to Papé’s chest. 

           Myrra beckons him over to the bed and he lets go of Leila’s 
           hand to move closer to his father. Leila looks very pale. 

           She seems to sway slightly on her feet as her eyes scan from 
           the weeping woman to the stern doctor and over to the dying 
           man. She is overwhelmed. 

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - TWENTY YEARS AGO

           Young Leila (8) stands in a black velvet dress at the front 
           of a tiny congregation in a rundown Catholic church. The 
           words of the priest drone quietly in the background.

                                 PRIEST
                        “I am the resurrection and the 
                        life. If anyone believes in me, 
                        even though he dies he will live, 
                        and whoever lives and believes in 
                        me will never die.”

           Young Leila’s eyes scan from the weeping women in the 
           adjacent pews to the towering priest before her, finally 
           resting on two modest wooden caskets, side by side.  

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Leila. 

                                                               BACK TO:

           INT. PAPE’S BEDROOM, PALAZZO

           Myrra is standing close at Leila’s side. She looks at Leila’s 
           pale, clammy face.  

                                 MYRRA
                        Leila? Are you alright?

           Leila snaps out of her daze. She nods silently but she does 
           not feel well. Her hand goes to the cross around her neck.

           Over on the bed, Tomaso reaches out to take his father’s 
           hand. It feels dry and alien in his own. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                             (with a thick accent)
                        Papé does not have long. It is good 
                        you came. 

           He stands and heads for the door. Myrra beckons for everyone 
           else to go, leaving Leila, Tomaso and Myrra with Papé.

           The old man’s eyes slowly flutter open. Tomaso takes an 
           expectant breath as they look at one another. 

           But Papé shows no sign of recognizing his son.

           Then Papé’s eyes glance over to Leila. He frees his papery 
           hand from Tomaso’s and points at her with a shaking finger.
           Surprised and embarrassed, Leila allows Myrra to guide her 
           towards the bed. Tomaso makes room for her. 

           Papé reaches out his hand to her face and, tentatively, Leila 
           leans into his touch. For a moment no one breathes. 

           Seeing his father’s tenderness towards his wife, Tomaso 
           suddenly feels an unexpected welling of emotion. 

           Papé’s lips begin to move, silently, as though he is trying 
           to speak. Leila, trembling with nerves, leans in closer.

           Suddenly and with surprising vigor, Papé’s hand reaches up 
           and pulls Leila’s face towards his. 

           He KISSES her hard on the mouth, holding her face tight to 
           his wrinkled lips and wet gums.  

           Leila, horrified, struggles to pull back. Tomaso lunges 
           forward, trying to help Leila.  

           Eventually Leila pushes the old man back down onto the 
           pillow, breaking free of his grip. She staggers back, upset, 
           breathless. 

           In the bed, Papé seems to smile for a split second before his 
           eyes roll back in his head and his body is gripped in spasm. 

           Myrra rushes to his side, as Tomaso rushes to Leila’s. 

           LEILA’S POV:

           The world seems to spin and the sound is MUTED. 

           She sees Myrra calling for Dr Rossi who comes rushing in and 
           she sees Tomaso, hovering over her, his face full of concern.

           As her vision begins to TUNNEL and her ears start to RING, 
           Leila passes out, plunging us into BLACKNESS.

           INT. DR. ROSSI’S CLINIC, CASTELNUOVO - DAY

           Located lower down in the valley, Castelnuovo is the closest 
           town to Castiglione. Dr. Rossi’s clinic is small but clean, 
           catering to local families. 

           Leila and Tomaso find themselves in a familiar position, with 
           Leila on the table being given an ultrasound and Tomaso 
           staring at a monitor. They both look stunned. 

                                 LEILA
                        I don’t understand how this can be 
                        possible. 
                                 TOMASO
                        Are you sure?

                                 DR. ROSSI 
                             (pointing to the monitor)
                        Of course. Look, you can see for 
                        yourself. 

                                 LEILA
                             (not looking)
                        But it was dead. The doctor told us 
                        it had died. 

           Dr. Rossi points to a tiny, pulsating blob on the screen. 
           Along with the steady THUMP of Leila’s heartbeat, there is 
           the rapid flutter of another. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Heartbeat looks perfect. 
                             (off her look of 
                              disbelief)
                        Misdiagnoses of miscarriage happen 
                        more than you would think. Doctors 
                        make mistakes. I am sorry you have 
                        suffered this terrible news for no 
                        reason. But this is no mistake. 

           Tomaso squeezes Leila’s arm. He stares at the screen in awe.

                                 TOMASO
                        That’s our baby. 

           Leila is too stunned to speak. 

                                 DR. ROSSI 
                        You’re still in the first trimestre 
                        so you must take it easy. I know 
                        there is a lot going on at the 
                        palazzo with the funeral 
                        preparations but you must rest. 
                        Your blood pressure is low, which 
                        is why you fainted. Not unusual, 
                        but we need to keep an eye on you. 
                        If you want, I can drive you both 
                        back up to Castiglione myself. 

                                 TOMASO
                        No, no. I’m sure we can find a 
                        taxi. You’ve already done so much. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Nonsense. I am going home for 
                        lunch, you will come in my car. 
                                 TOMASO
                        You live in the village?

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        I live in your house! We’re family, 
                        Sr. Argenti. I married your cousin 
                        Debora. 

           Tomaso is embarrassed at his ignorance but Dr. Rossi laughs.

                                 TOMASO
                        I’m so sorry. Of course. Debora. 
                        That’s wonderful. In that case we 
                        would love a lift. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                             (to Leila)
                        And you must go straight to bed. I 
                        will check on you later tonight. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Your very own live-in doctor. How 
                        about that?

           Leila is still lost in thought, staring at the pixilated 
           image on the screen with its steady heartbeat. 

           I/E. DR. ROSSI’S CAR, ROAD TO CASTIGLIONE - DAY

           Leila is sitting in the back seat of Dr. Rossi’s car as it 
           speeds up the mountain. She stares out the window, stroking 
           her still flat belly as though searching for answers. 

           She tunes in and out of the conversation in the front, 
           catching snatches of small talk about village life.

           Tomaso turns back to look at her. He reaches for her hand, 
           bursting with happiness. Leila concedes a smile and then 
           closes her eyes, feigning tiredness.

           INT. MAIN HALL DOWNSTAIRS, PALAZZO - DAY

           Outside it has started to rain and the air in the palazzo is 
           heavy when Tomaso, Leila and Dr Rossi enter.  

           The palazzo is bustling with movement as two dozen people 
           move around making preparations for the funeral. Two long 
           tables are being laid for what appears to be a great feast. 
           Ivy is laced around bottles of homemade red wine. 

           The mood is solemn as everyone works in silence. 
                                 LEILA
                             (to Tomaso, hushed)
                        Do all these people work for your 
                        family?

                                 DR. ROSSI 
                             (amused)
                        They don’t work here. 
                             (by way of explanation)
                        Former residents have been arriving 
                        all week. Your father will be 
                        greatly missed. 

                                 LEILA
                        Residents?

           Just then Dr Rossi spots Myrra on the far side of the hall.

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        If you’ll excuse me, I must speak 
                        with your sister. 

           He moves away hurriedly and as he does, an AMERICAN WOMAN 
           (40s) approaches Leila and Tomaso. 

                                 AMERICAN WOMAN
                        Mr Argenti?

           Tomaso barely nods before the woman reaches out and takes his 
           hands in hers. She looks him in the eye, earnestly. 

                                 AMERICAN WOMAN (CONT’D)
                        You don’t know me, but I wanted to 
                        tell you that your father was a 
                        great man. He...
                             (she pauses, welling up)
                        He saved my life. If it weren’t for 
                        your father I truly believe I 
                        wouldn’t be standing here today. 

           She lifts his hands to her lips, kissing them reverently. 

                                 AMERICAN WOMAN (CONT’D)
                        Thank you. 

           Behind her, more of the workers have gathered. Leila looks 
           around, bewildered, as they start to close in on Tomaso, all 
           wanting a piece of him. 

           She finds herself marginalized, watching this emotional 
           outpouring. A man with a large facial scar (35) approaches. 
                                 SCARRED MAN
                        Your father’s teachings brought me 
                        back from the brink. Thank you. 

           He too lifts Tomaso’s hand to his lips and kisses it. 

           Tomaso is surrounded now by grateful faces. Leila decides to 
           slip away. She catches Tomaso’s eye and points upstairs. 

           Tomaso smiles, letting her go, amused but undeniably moved by 
           this strange reception. 

           INT. MAIN HALL DOWNSTAIRS, PALAZZO - LATER

           Tomaso’s hand is kissed once more as the last of his father’s 
           admirers return to their work. 

           Alone at last, he makes his way to the far end of the hall. 

           In a secluded, decorated alcove, he finds Myrra’s daughter, 
           FRANCESCA (19), leaning over an open coffin. 

           Francesca is a breathtaking beauty with olive skin and long 
           dark hair. Tomaso is struck by how attractive she is. 

                                 TOMASO
                             (in Italian)
                        Can that really be my little niece 
                        Francesca?

           Francesca smiles coyly. She is captivating. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                             (in perfect English)
                        And I thought you had forgotten me. 

           She goes back to what she was doing. Papé has been laid out 
           neatly in a simple coffin decorated humbly with verdant ivy. 
           Dressed in a fine suit, the old man looks almost regal. 

           Francesca is tending to the body, making sure Papé looks his 
           very best. She trims his nails and hair, taking utmost care 
           not to let the clippings fall into the coffin. 

           Tomaso is moved by the tenderness with which she works. 

                                 TOMASO
                        You’re a good granddaughter.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        No. He was a good father. To us 
                        all. That’s why they were thanking 
                        you. He taught us how to live. 
           Tomaso allows her words to sink in. He looks down at his 
           father and wonders whether perhaps he misjudged him. 

           INT. TOMASO & LEILA’S BEDROOM - AFTERNOON

           Leila is propped up in bed. Through the big glass windows she 
           watches the rain clouds looming over the mountains. 

           She looks a little pale and shifts uncomfortably as though 
           she cannot find peace in her body. 

           Tomaso enters and though she tries to hide it, he can tell 
           she is not feeling well.

                                 TOMASO
                        You still feeling sick?

                                 LEILA
                             (with wry humor)
                        My father-in-law just kissed me and 
                        then died and now my husband’s 
                        turning into some kind of Godfather 
                        figure. It’s a lot. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Did you forget you’re also having a 
                        baby?

                                 LEILA
                        Hasn’t sunk in yet. 

           Tomaso adjusts her pillows, stroking her cheek. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Just think, in six months’ time, 
                        we’re going to have a baby. A 
                        perfect tiny little baby. 

           Leila is quick to change the subject. 

                                 LEILA
                        You never told me your father 
                        helped so many people. It’s 
                        incredible. 

           Tomaso seems to sigh, climbing onto the bed beside her.

                                 TOMASO
                        He had a knack for spotting broken 
                        people. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 TOMASO (CONT'D)
                        He’d invite virtual strangers to 
                        stay with us for weeks at a time 
                        and he’d talk them through 
                        depression, addiction, mourning. He 
                        said it was his gift, that he had a 
                        duty to share it. After the book 
                        came out people would just arrive 
                        unannounced and this place turned 
                        into some kind of a rehab centre. 
                        Once the English translation was 
                        published things got out of hand.

                                 LEILA
                        That’s when you left?

                                 TOMASO
                        Eventually. We had so many 
                        foreigners here Papé made us all 
                        learn English. Said we needed a 
                        universal tongue. Francesca wasn’t 
                        even allowed to speak Italian as a 
                        kid. This place stopped being a 
                        home. 
                             (trying to remain 
                              unemotional)
                        People started paying him. 
                        Donations supposedly. It didn’t 
                        feel right. He wasn’t qualified. He 
                        wasn’t a doctor or a psychologist. 
                        He was just a rock in a storm full 
                        of lost souls. It felt wrong. I 
                        didn’t want any part of it.

                                 LEILA
                        I know it doesn’t make it any 
                        easier but those people down there 
                        clearly loved him very much. Seems 
                        like he really helped them. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Maybe. 

           Tomaso puts his hand on her belly. He watches Leila’s face, 
           trying to read her. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        You okay? You don’t seem excited. 

                                 LEILA
                        Just strange that’s all. I thought 
                        it was dead. Now it’s not. 

                                 TOMASO
                        He’s a miracle. Or she. 
           She stands, moving towards two black dresses hanging up. 

                                 LEILA
                        Which one should I wear tonight?

                                 TOMASO
                        You sure you’re up to it? Dr Rossi 
                        said-

                                 LEILA
                        I’m not going to miss your father’s 
                        funeral. It’s what we came here for 
                        isn’t it?

           Tomaso watches her, concerned, but she doesn’t look back. She 
           sits down at a vanity and starts brushing her hair. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Will it be a Catholic mass?

                                 TOMASO
                        He wasn’t religious. 

                                 LEILA
                        I thought all Italians were 
                        Catholic. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Not the Argentis. 

           Tomaso lies back, staring up at the ceiling. Leila considers 
           her reflection in the mirror. Through her sheer top, she can 
           make out the line of her swollen breasts. 

           The little silver cross still hangs around her neck. She 
           touches it before reaching back and removing it.

           INT. STAIRCASE, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           Leila and Tomaso stand at the top of the staircase leading 
           down to the main hall. She wears a simple black dress that 
           she adjusts nervously. He wears a cheap suit. 

           From below they can hear the sound of people chatting and 
           chairs scraping against tile. 

           Slowly they round the corner, coming into view of the hall 
           where forty or more people mingle round the tables. When they 
           spot Leila and Tomaso, their chatter turns to applause and 
           cheerful cries of “Auguri!” 

           All eyes are on them. Leila is confused, she looks to Tomaso.
                                 LEILA
                        Did everyone get this reception or 
                        is it just the latecomers?

                                 TOMASO
                             (stunned but happy)
                        They’re saying, “Auguri”. 
                        Congratulations. For the baby. 

                                 LEILA
                        I thought we agreed not to tell 
                        anyone yet. 

           Dr. Rossi and his wife, DEBORA (36) come bounding up.

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Forgive me. Leila. It is not his 
                        fault. I told my wife the wonderful 
                        news- 

           Debora, an exuberant Italian with a mass of dark curly hair, 
           grabs Leila’s hand and kisses her warmly on the cheek. 

                                 DEBORA
                             (with mock dramatic flair)
                        Colpa mia!

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        -and you know women. Truly, Leila, 
                        I’m sorry. The family needed some 
                        good news. You understand, no?

           Leila has no choice but to accept Dr. Rossi’s showy apology. 
           Tomaso squeezes her hand, quietly thrilled the news is out. 

           INT. MAIN HALL DOWNSTAIRS, PALAZZO - LATER THAT EVENING

           A magnificent Tuscan dinner is underway and the tables are 
           laden with platters of hand-rolled pasta and bottles of wine. 

           The spirit amongst the mourners is surprisingly jovial and 
           much to her surprise, Leila finds herself almost having fun. 

           Further down the table Leila spots Francesca. She takes in 
           the delicate face and the smooth alabaster skin. 

           When Francesca catches Leila staring, she flashes her a coy 
           smile. Leila smiles back, a little embarrassed. 

           At the head of the table, someone TAPS their glass and a HUSH 
           descends on the room as Myrra stands up. She is a natural 
           speaker: charismatic and commanding. 
                                 MYRRA
                        Signore e signori, fratelli e 
                        sorelle. Thank you for being here. 
                        Tonight we celebrate the life of a 
                        man we all loved. 

           A chorus of agreement is heard amidst the diners. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        A man who was not just my father, 
                        but also your father. 

           Again the crowd concur warmly. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        A man who took you into this house 
                        as his children and who taught us 
                        all how to live. 

           A young boy, PIERO (4) runs between the tables to find 
           Francesca. She lifts him into her lap, drops her dress strap 
           and begins breast-feeding him at the table. 

           Leila, who has been watching, looks away embarrassed. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        A man whose spirit will never die 
                        as long as there are those of us 
                        who still believe. 

           People voice their agreement and support aloud. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        The doors of the Palazzo Argenti 
                        shall never close. Like our beloved 
                        father, we shall prevail. 

           Leila steals another glance back at Francesca. The sight of 
           the child suckling at her breast is at once disturbing and 
           beautiful. Francesca catches her looking and holds her gaze. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Papé’s favorite toast was an old 
                        Italian one: 
                             (raising a glass)
                        La morte mi troverà vivo. 

           Everyone raises their glasses and toasts to Papé. A handsome 
           Dutchman next to Leila, JUSTIN (20s), leans in to translate. 

                                 JUSTIN
                        “Death shall find me alive” 

           Myrra continues. 
                                 MYRRA
                        And it seems old Papé was right. In 
                        this time of darkness we have new 
                        life. New reason to hope. 

           Myrra looks to Leila and suddenly all eyes are on her. She 
           blushes and looks at Tomaso who is beaming with pride. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Come Leila. Stand. 

           Leila is reluctant but before she can stop him, Justin helps 
           her to her feet. Suddenly she is surrounded by a sea of 
           raised glasses and smiling faces. It feels like love.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        To new life! And to the beautiful 
                        vessel who shall deliver him. To 
                        Leila!

                                 ALL
                        To Leila!

           Leila takes a playful half-curtsey. Eating and chatter 
           resume. Tomaso reaches across to Leila, mouthing silently: 

                                 TOMASO
                        I love you. 

           He sees the glow in her cheeks, the abundance on the table, 
           and the happy expressive faces all around them. 

           He watches Myrra moving from one guest to the next, touching 
           shoulders, passing kind words. Each looks up at her with 
           reverence, adoration. Compelled and entranced. 

           She has slipped seamlessly into the role her father once 
           held. The perfect matriarch.

           Teresa walks along the table carrying a hot dish. She ladles 
           a huge portion of deep red RISOTTO onto Leila’s plate. 

                                 LEILA
                             (trying out her Italian)
                        Grazie.

           Leila takes a bite of the unctuous rice. She closes her eyes. 
           An involuntary MOAN escapes her. This is a far cry from 
           microwave dinners and Chinese take-out.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                             (to Tomaso)
                        I’m so full but I can’t stop 
                        eating. What even is this?
                                 TOMASO
                        Che cos’é questo?

                                 TERESA
                        Riso al sangue. 

           Tomaso coughs in surprise and looks at Leila happily eating.

                                 LEILA
                        What? What is it?

                                 TOMASO
                        It’s blood risotto. 

           Leila pauses mid-mouthful. She looks to see if he’s joking. 

                                 DEBORA
                        It is a traditional recipe. Is very 
                        good for you. 

           Leila is not listening. She struggles to stand up from the 
           long bench. She feels it coming, she can’t stop it.  

           She VOMITS all over her plate, ruining half a dozen dishes of 
           food nearby. It’s horrifying. 

           The room is entirely silent. All eyes on Leila.  

                                 LEILA
                        I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. 

           Mortified, Leila covers her mouth and runs from the room, 
           with Tomaso hot on her heels and everyone watching. 

           EXT. PALAZZO BALCONY - DAY

           Leila, Tomaso and Dr. Rossi are sitting on the expansive 
           balcony of the palazzo overlooking the mountains. 

           Though the sun is out, the spring air is crisp and Leila is 
           wrapped up in a blanket against the cold. 

           Debora is nearby cleaning a bunch of asparagus freshly picked 
           from the garden below. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Really Leila, there is nothing to 
                        be embarrassed about. 

                                 LEILA
                        I feel terrible. The worst thing 
                        is, the risotto was delicious. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEILA (CONT'D)
                        I’m just not used to all this food 
                        and the morning sickness-

                                 TOMASO
                        Baby, it’s fine. No one minded. 
                        Right, Debora?

                                 DEBORA
                        Mind what? After you left we ate a 
                        lot. We drank a lot. We danced. We 
                        sing. We remember nothing. 

                                 TOMASO
                        You see. You’re fine. You’re 
                        pregnant. You’re allowed to throw 
                        up at funerals. 

           Leila cringes at the memory. Tomaso nudges her playfully. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        These will help you with the 
                        sickness. 

           He hands her a pharmacy bottle full of large red capsules. 

                                 LEILA
                        What are they? They look enormous. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Anti-nausea medication. Very mild. 
                        Perfectly safe for the baby. One a 
                        day for the next five weeks. That 
                        should get you through the worst of 
                        the sickness.

           Francesca steps onto the balcony and joins Debora. She bites 
           into a tender stalk of asparagus. Leila can’t help but watch.

                                 TOMASO
                        Leila, did you meet my niece, 
                        Francesca?

           Leila, caught looking again, gives an awkward wave. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                             (interrupting)
                        Your blood pressure is still a 
                        little low. We’ll keep an eye on it 
                        but the most important thing is 
                        rest. I hope you were not planning 
                        on flying any time soon.
                                 FRANCESCA
                             (before they can respond)
                        You can’t possibly be leaving. You 
                        only just arrived. I thought you’d 
                        at least stay til summer. 

           She gets up and puts her arms around Leila and Tomaso with a 
           childlike lack of inhibition.

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        You must stay. Summer in 
                        Castiglione is heaven. Leila, tell 
                        him you want to stay. 

                                 TOMASO
                        We’ll stay for a while. But we have 
                        to get back to New York at some 
                        point. 
                             (trying to read Leila’s 
                              silence)
                        But we’re in no rush. The most 
                        important thing is the baby. 

           Myrra steps out onto the balcony. She’s been listening.  

                                 MYRRA
                        Of course they’ll stay. Tomaso must 
                        help settle the estate. 
                             (in Italian)
                        Isn’t that why you came?

           Unable to understand Italian, Leila cannot see the tension 
           between these two siblings. Tomaso switches back to English, 
           ignoring Myrra’s barbed comment.

                                 TOMASO
                        I’ll help with any paperwork that 
                        needs to be done. 

           Leila turns to him, excited, genuinely supportive.

                                 LEILA
                        You could finally have some real 
                        time to work on your book. 
                             (full of pride)
                        Tomaso’s an incredible writer. 

           This sparks some interest from Dr Rossi, and as the men begin 
           chatting, Francesca leans in and kisses Leila on the cheek. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        I’m so happy you’re staying. You’ll 
                        love it here. I promise. 
           Leila blushes, unsure what to make of this young waif.

                                 MYRRA
                        You’re with family now Leila, your 
                        only job is to relax and let us 
                        take care of you. 

           Myrra takes Leila’s hand in hers, it is a maternal gesture. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        You’re very precious to us, carina. 

           Leila looks around at the caring faces surrounding her. Her 
           new family. She takes in the incredible setting of this 
           stunning mountain-top palazzo, it’s overwhelming. 

           Smiling politely she excuses herself, stepping inside into 
           the quiet, away from everyone. 

           Myrra and Francesca look to Tomaso who follows Leila inside, 
           concerned. Did they do something wrong?

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI 

           Just inside, Tomaso finds Leila, biting back tears. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Hey, hey, what is it? What 
                        happened?

           He takes her in his arms and Leila lets out a sob that sounds 
           almost like laughter. Tears stream down her face but she’s 
           smiling. Tomaso laughs with her, confused. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        You happy?

           She nods vigorously into his neck. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        You like it here?

           Leila nods again. She takes a deep breath, laughing at her 
           uncharacteristic outpouring of emotion.  

                                 LEILA
                        I never knew what it felt like. To 
                        be so surrounded by love. 

           Smiling, she palms the tears from her cheeks.  
           SERIES OF IMAGES:

           A sequence of images, some time-lapse, others strangely 
           fragmented, play out with an increasingly frenetic pace. 

           - SNOW on the mountains surrounding Castiglione melts.

           - New GROWTH emerges from the hard ground, pushing out pale 
           alien green shoots that bloom under Spring showers.  

           - Translucent, amphibian-looking FINGERS twitch in the dark. 
           A human hand growing within another human. The steady THUMP 
           of an adult heartbeat alongside the rapid FLUTTER of a foetal 
           heartbeat, like the wings of a trapped moth. 

           - A large pair of hands come towards us. The hands of a man 
           in his 40s, LEILA’s FATHER. 

           - The barely discernible features of an embryonic face. The 
           sound of VOICES filters in, muffled and dampened.

           - A split-second flash of a WOMAN (40s) in a housedress, 
           holding a knife. Her face is tear-stained. Her lips move but 
           her VOICE is barely heard through the womb-like filter. 

                                 WOMAN
                        I’m doing this for you. 

           - NEAR DARKNESS in the womb, the adult heartbeat starts to 
           pick up pace. THUMP, THUMP, THUMP. 

           - Another split-second flash: HANDS covered in BLOOD. A 
           child’s hands. 

           - The Catholic funeral. Everything moves as if on fast-
           forward. The lilies adorning the coffin look grotesque, 
           phallic. The priest spews fire and brimstone, flecks of 
           spittle landing on the coffins. 

           - In the dark, the 16 week old foetus suddenly TWITCHES. 

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM - MORNING

           Leila’s eyes flick open. She has felt the baby move. 

           Several weeks have passed and Leila, now at 16 weeks, is 
           glowing. Right now her cheeks are flushed and as she props 
           herself up on an elbow, her breath comes in fast and shallow. 

           Almost without waking, Tomaso reaches out to comfort her. 
                                 TOMASO
                        Shhhh... It’s okay. I’m here. It’s 
                        just a dream. 

           Leila allows herself to flop back onto the pillow. Tomaso’s 
           eyes are still closed. He’s done this a thousand times.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Just a bad dream. It’s okay. I’ve 
                        got you. 

                                 LEILA
                        I felt it move. 

           Tomaso’s eyes open immediately, excited. He reaches out to 
           touch her stomach but she rolls away from him, slipping her 
           legs out of bed and sitting up. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        It’s stopped now. 

           He shuffles across the bed and kisses her now-curved belly.

                                 TOMASO
                        Good morning baby. 

           Leila stares out of the window, her breath slowing now. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Seems like your nightmares are 
                        worse than usual.

                                 LEILA
                             (a little too firm)
                        I’m fine. 
                             (softening)
                        I’m sorry. I’m okay. Really.

           She squeezes his hand reassuringly, before standing up and 
           pulling her nightie over her head.  

           Tomaso admires her naked form but she quickly covers up, 
           pulling on underwear and a dress as if embarrassed. 

           She picks up the pill bottle Dr Rossi gave her. There is only 
           ONE CAPSULE left now and as she shakes it out, it drops and 
           rolls under the bed, LODGING between two floorboards.

           Leila is about to get down on all fours to look for it when 
           there is a sharp KNOCK at the door. 

           Myrra enters without waiting, carrying a breakfast tray for 
           Leila: wild strawberries, creamy yogurt and a cappuccino.
           Leila lights up at the sight of breakfast, quickly forgetting 
           the pill. Tomaso looks irritated by the intrusion.

                                 MYRRA
                        Good morning. Dressed already?

                                 LEILA
                             (taking a sip of coffee)
                        I thought I would go out today. I’m 
                        going stir-crazy in here and now 
                        that it’s finally stopped raining, 
                        look how beautiful it is. 

                                 MYRRA
                        You’re going out? With who? Where 
                        are you going?

                                 LEILA
                             (laughing)
                        With no one. I just thought I would 
                        take a walk into the village. 
                             (pointing out the window)
                        Maybe go down to the church. 

                                 MYRRA
                        The church is closed. 

                                 LEILA
                        On a Sunday?

                                 MYRRA
                        For renovations. The Argenti family 
                        are funding the work. We’re turning 
                        it into a gallery. 

                                 TOMASO
                        And you wonder why the locals hate 
                        you so much.  

                                 MYRRA
                        The locals are peasants. They let 
                        that place go to ruins. They should 
                        be grateful that we’re keeping this 
                        village alive.

                                 LEILA
                        I’d like to go down there anyway. 
                        Look around. 
                             (half-joking)
                        Is that okay?

                                 MYRRA
                        Of course. Just be careful. You’re 
                        still weak.
           Leila feels anything but as she breathes in the fresh 
           mountain air.  

           EXT. VILLAGE CHURCH - DAY 

           Leila saunters down a steep cobbled street that leads to a 
           piazza in front of the rustic local church. 

           There is a cement mixer sitting out front alongside a pile of 
           broken pews and crumbling plaster. 

           The arched oak doors at the front are locked with a HEAVY-
           DUTY PADLOCK. Leila turns it over in her hand before 
           continuing around the building. 

           At the back there is a patch of grass dotted with spring 
           flowers and a small back door that gives when Leila tries it. 

           INT. VILLAGE CHURCH 

           Inside, the church has been gutted. Motes of dust dance in 
           solitary beams of light. It takes a moment for Leila’s eyes 
           to adjust to the dark. 

           Crumbling frescos have been white washed and stained glass 
           windows boarded up. It barely feels like a church at all and 
           Leila is suddenly unsure of what she’s doing here.  

           Hearing a noise, she quickly genuflects and crosses herself 
           before heading back to the door, almost guiltily.

           Just as she’s about to open the door, it opens from the 
           outside, startling her. 

           An OLD WOMAN, wizened and bent with age steps inside, almost 
           on top of Leila, her cheeks hollow over a toothless mouth. 

                                 LEILA 
                        I’m so sorry. Scusi. 

           Hearing Leila’s accent, the old signora cocks her head, 
           squinting up at her. She grabs Leila firmly by the wrist. 

                                 OLD SIGNORA
                        L’americana?

           Leila, uncomfortable, tries to move towards the door. 

                                 LEILA
                        Si. American. 
                                 OLD SIGNORA
                             (muttering venomously)
                        Putana. Putana schifosa. 

           The tone of the woman’s vitriol scares Leila. She tries to 
           twist her arm free. 

                                 LEILA
                        You’re hurting me. Please. Let go. 

                                 OLD SIGNORA
                        Madre scellerata. 

           Leila pulls her hand free and breaks for the door, spilling 
           out into the sunlight. 

           EXT. VILLAGE CHURCH 

           Leila tumbles out of the church and falls into the arms of 
           EMMA (30s), a Scottish woman with a plain but kindly face. 

                                 EMMA
                        Woah there! You alright sweetheart?

           Leila, relieved to be free of the old woman, allows her fear 
           to turn to laughter. 

                                 LEILA
                        Yeah. Sorry. There is a crazy old 
                        lady in there. 

                                 EMMA
                        Ah. You met Zora. 

                                 LEILA
                        She scared the shit out of me.  

                                 EMMA
                        She’s a crazy old cow. Ignore her. 
                        I do and she’s my aunt. 

           Leila stops laughing immediately. 

                                 LEILA
                        I’m so sorry. 

                                 EMMA
                        Don’t be. I’m Emma. 

           Emma’s wide grin wins Leila round. She takes her outstretched 
           hand and shakes it warmly. 
           INT. EMMA’S HOUSE, CASTIGLIONE VILLAGE - DAY 

           Leila and Emma sit in the cool shade of Emma’s modest 
           kitchen, sharing a pot of tea.

           The pair are giggling and Leila has a carefree air about her 
           that we have not yet seen. 

                                 EMMA
                        She’s half blind, only has four 
                        teeth left and she still manages to 
                        terrorize everyone she meets. When 
                        we were kids my brothers convinced 
                        me she was a witch. 

                                 LEILA
                        So you’ve been coming out here your 
                        whole life?

                                 EMMA
                        Aye. My dad was born here but he 
                        emigrated to Scotland to find work. 
                        This place was a shit hole back 
                        then. But his mum was here. In this 
                        house. So when we were young he 
                        brought us back every summer. Still 
                        a shit hole now. But it’s quiet. 

           Emma looks around the dim little kitchen with a shrug. Leila 
           points to a desk overflowing with papers. 

                                 LEILA
                        You’re a writer?

                                 EMMA
                        That’s the idea. 

                                 LEILA
                        My husband’s a writer. You should 
                        come up to the palazzo, meet him. 

                                 EMMA
                        We don’t really mix.  
                             (off Leila’s confused 
                              expression)
                        The locals and the- your family. 
                        You know what it’s like. Village 
                        politics. The locals don’t like the 
                        tourists coming in and taking over. 

                                 LEILA
                        Where are all the locals? I’ve 
                        barely seen anyone. 
                                 EMMA
                        Well that’s it. There’s not many 
                        left now. The Argentis bought up a 
                        lot of the property in the village. 
                             (not wanting to complain)
                        It’s not like people have been 
                        leaving empty handed. I’ve 
                        considered selling myself. 

                                 LEILA
                        Is that why your aunt was so angry?

                                 EMMA
                        No, that was nothing. She’s just 
                        crazy. 
                             (off Leila’s look)
                        Really, it’s nothing. Just 
                        superstitious old ladies gossiping. 

                                 LEILA
                        About me?

                                 EMMA
                        It’s stupid. Word travels fast 
                        here. They heard about your baby 
                        coming back from the dead and they 
                        spun it into something ridiculous. 

                                 LEILA
                        It didn’t come back from the dead. 
                        It was a misdiagnosis. 

                                 EMMA
                        Like I said, senile old Catholic 
                        ladies with nothing better to talk 
                        about. 

                                 LEILA
                        What have they been saying about-?

                                 EMMA
                        Leila, it doesn’t matter. What 
                        matters is that you’re having a 
                        baby! You must be over the moon. 

           Unsettled, Leila rubs her stomach. The gesture could be 
           protective or wary. 

                                 EMMA (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry I said anything. Zora’s a 
                        lunatic. She used to make me eat 
                        bars of soap when I took the Lord’s 
                        name in vein. Whole bars. 
           Leila is still feeling disturbed. Emma leans across the table 
           and takes Leila’s hand reassuringly. 

                                 EMMA (CONT’D)
                        Come on. Your tea’s getting cold. 

           But it’s too late. Leila’s good mood has been ruined. 

           EXT. PALAZZO COURTYARD - DAY

           Leila wanders slowly back up the steep cobbled streets 
           towards the palazzo, her brow furrowed.

           As she nears, she hears the sound of a woman WAILING. It is a 
           strange, guttural cry, like that of an animal in pain.

           She hurries her step, rounding the corner to see a police or 
           carabinieri car in the courtyard. 

           People have gathered to watch as a woman, ELENA (30s), is 
           manhandled by a uniformed carabiniere into the car.

           Leila takes in the scene: Myrra standing stoically in the 
           doorway, Francesca clutching Piero to her chest, crying. 

           Just as she’s about to thrown in the car, the woman breaks 
           free. Her eyes fixed on Myrra and Francesca, she grabs at the 
           front of her house-dress and RIPS it open. 

           Beneath, her skin is pale but for a jagged pink SCAR visible 
           above the line of her underwear. 

           Unlike a typical caesarean scar, this one has two long 
           incisions that intersect in a cross over her belly. 

           She drops to her knees, her wails turning to sobs, naked and 
           exposed for everyone to see. 

           The carabiniere lifts her by her arms and this time she does 
           not have the strength to resist as he puts her in the car. 

           Leila watches as the car slowly pulls out of the courtyard. 
           It is only now that we see Tomaso watching the scene from the 
           other side of the gate.

           His gaze is fixed on the weeping woman. They seem to make eye 
           contact for a moment. And then she is gone. 

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        Leila. 

           Leila and Tomaso both turn to see Myrra in the doorway, her 
           arms open, beckoning Leila to her. 
           Like a child waking from a bad dream, Leila stumbles over, 
           leaving Tomaso usurped.

           EXT. PALAZZO GROUNDS - DAY

           Myrra and Leila sit together at a weathered table at the back 
           of the house. Tomaso sits a few seats down, listening. Around 
           them, life has returned to normal. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Her name is Elena. A local woman. 
                        Simple. She used to work here, 
                        cleaning sheets, helping to take 
                        care of Papé. 

                                 LEILA
                        What happened to her?

                                 MYRRA
                        She lost a child. It drove what 
                        little sense she had from her mind. 
                        A truly tragic story. 

                                 LEILA
                        Papé couldn’t help her?

           Tomaso, seems to scoff at this. But he says nothing.

                                 MYRRA
                        He tried. But he was old. And some 
                        people cannot be helped. They do 
                        not want to be helped. 

           Myrra eyes Leila, as if she might be one of these people. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Tell me, Leila. Do you like it 
                        here? With us?

                                 LEILA
                        I do. I love it here. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Then why do you look sad? There is 
                        a sadness in you. We can help you, 
                        you know? 

           Tomaso, who has been rolling his eyes, stands in irritation.

                                 TOMASO
                        Oh god. You really are turning into 
                        him, aren’t you?
           Myrra is unperturbed. She looks at Tomaso coolly. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Our father taught me that we have a 
                        great capacity for love and that we 
                        must use that love to help those 
                        around us. If that is what you 
                        mean, then yes. I hope so. 

           Tomaso starts to walk away. He pauses for a second, turning 
           to address Leila directly. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Baby, you don’t have to listen to 
                        this if you don’t want to. 

           He waits for a beat, half-expecting half-hoping Leila will 
           join him but she is too embarrassed to walk away from Myrra.

           As soon as he is out of earshot, Myrra sighs, sadly. 

                                 MYRRA
                        He carries great anger. It will eat 
                        him if he’s not careful.
                             (taking Leila’s hand)
                        Come, walk with me. 

           EXT. PALAZZO GROUNDS - DAY

           There are a dozen or so people, most of whom we have seen 
           before, working the vegetable patch, cutting the grass, 
           hanging laundry. Myrra sweeps her arms in front of her. 

                                 MYRRA
                        All these people. Why do you think 
                        they are here?
                             (before Leila can answer)
                        They are here because they have 
                        found a better way to live. That is 
                        the gift that Papé gave them. 

                                 LEILA
                        This place?

                                 MYRRA
                        A philosophy for life. A way to 
                        find pleasure and freedom in a 
                        world that so often tries to 
                        suppress that. 

           They walk on arm in arm through the fertile grounds of the 
           palazzo. They pass Francesca and Justin tying young raspberry 
           plants. Their body language is flirtatious.
                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        The way of life that Papé proposes 
                        in his first book is not some new 
                        fad or revolution. His philosophy 
                        harks back to our roots: it’s a way 
                        of life that keeps the cycle pure. 
                        That is the meaning of the 
                        ouroboros. 

           She shows Leila a delicate tattoo on the inside of her 
           forearm. Several others have them too. It’s the symbol from 
           the front of Papé’s book: the snake swallowing its tail.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        We till the land and eat its 
                        fruits, we drink wine from grapes 
                        we have grown, eat meat that we 
                        have reared or hunted and give up 
                        the anchors and distractions that 
                        modern life has imposed upon us. It 
                        is the way of our ancestors. 

           In this rural idyll it’s hard not to be won over. 

           Myrra stops, taking Leila’s arm. She looks into her eyes.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        I see you Leila and you are lost. 
                        You are a broken soul, desperately 
                        looking to be healed.  

                                 LEILA
                             (flustered)
                        I don’t-

                                 MYRRA
                        We can help you Leila. Papé can 
                        help you. 

           Myrra hands Leila a well-read copy of Papé’s book. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        But only if you’re ready to be 
                        helped.

           Leila stares at the book, the ouroboros embossed on its cover 
           in a golden ring. 

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           The book is now in Leila’s hands as she reads it, sitting up 
           in bed. Tomaso comes in from the bathroom. 
                                 TOMASO
                        You’ve had your head stuck in that 
                        book for days. I don’t understand 
                        why you’re reading it.  

                                 LEILA
                        Listen, if it bothers you so much, 
                        I won’t read it. But it’s actually 
                        really interesting. It makes a lot 
                        of sense. Myrra says-

                                 TOMASO
                        Please. Myrra’s just a clone of 
                        Papé. I hate it when she does that 
                        “looking-into-your-soul” thing. 
                        Like she’s so fucking wise. 

           Leila doesn’t respond but Tomaso’s vitriol has offended her. 
           It feels like they are no longer on the same team.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry. It’s my problem. Read it 
                        if you want. 

           Suddenly, Leila winces. Her hand shoots to her belly. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Is it the baby? Is he kicking?

           He rushes over and puts both hands on Leila’s stomach. She 
           almost grimaces. Tomaso’s face lights up.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        I think I felt it. He’s responding 
                        to my voice. 

           He puts his ear to her belly, unable to see Leila’s frozen 
           expression. She does not share his excitement. 

           After a moment, she speaks. Eyes glazed, voice distant. 

                                 LEILA
                        Do you know the local women think 
                        it’s the devil’s work? Our baby, 
                        coming back from the dead.

           But Tomaso is listening intently to her stomach, muttering 
           quietly into her belly, “talking” to the baby. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                             (barely a whisper)
                        I’m scared Tommy. 

           A tear rolls down her cheek. She could not feel more alone. 
           INT. KITCHEN, PALAZZO - EARLY MORNING

           It is not long after dawn and the palazzo is still quiet. 
           Myrra is at the table going over papers when Leila enters. 

           She clutches a copy of Papé’s book, its pages now marked with 
           scraps of paper. She approaches Myrra tentatively. 

                                 LEILA
                        I think I’m ready. 

           Myrra looks up at her. Leila looks tired, vulnerable. Myrra 
           reaches out and takes her hand, smiling.

                                 MYRRA (PRE-LAP)
                        Papé’s first book teaches us that 
                        the first step to purity is to 
                        cleanse the soul. It is a ritual we 
                        call “Purgation”. 

           Myrra’s voice guides us seamlessly through the ensuing 
           sequence, overlapping between scenes, overriding all space 
           for thought. 

           INT. STAIRCASE TO THE PALAZZO BASEMENT - DAY

           Myrra leads Leila slowly down a long staircase leading below 
           ground level. Leila wears only a robe. She seems nervous. 

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        It is only by opening up and 
                        clearing away the bad thoughts and 
                        memories of our past that we can 
                        find true happiness in the present. 
                        Guilt is a modern notion. As is 
                        stress. Anxiety. Inhibition. It is 
                        not until we are able to wash 
                        ourselves clean of these tensions, 
                        these negative emotions, that we 
                        can start to love ourselves and 
                        find pleasure in our purity.

           INT. STUDY, PALAZZO - DAY

           Myrra and Leila are alone in a quiet room in the palazzo. 
           Leila has both palms flat on a small table while Myrra sits 
           opposite, taking notes. 

                                 MYRRA 
                        You must be open with me, Leila, or 
                        you will not find peace. 
           INT. STAIRCASE TO THE PALAZZO BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS

           Leila and Myrra continue their descent. 

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        When did your parents die?

           We hear Leila’s voice, it sounds distant, as we watch her 
           face, pale and nervous and still. 

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        When I was 8 years old. 

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        How did you feel when they died?

                                                                CUT TO:

           A SPLIT-SECOND FLASH to those hands. Bloody. Young Leila 
           standing in a white nightie, covered in blood.

                                                               BACK TO:

           INT. STUDY, PALAZZO - CONTINUOUS

           Leila looks confused, dazed. Myrra presses on, emotionless.

                                 MYRRA
                        Were you sad? Or angry?

                                 LEILA
                        Angry. 

                                 MYRRA
                        With your mother?

                                 LEILA
                        Yes. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Because she killed your father?

                                                                CUT TO:

           The woman in the housedress, LEILA’S MOTHER, holding a blood-
           stained knife. Her lips move but there is no sound. 

                                                               BACK TO:

                                 LEILA
                        Yes. 
                                 MYRRA
                        Why did she kill him?

                                 LEILA
                             (uncomfortable)
                        I don’t know. She was crazy. 

           Leila starts to shift in her chair. She is about to raise one 
           hand from the table when Myrra fixes her with a look. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        She was jealous. My father loved me 
                        more than her. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           HANDS, reaching out to her. Her father’s hands. Strong.

                                                               BACK TO:

           EXT. PALAZZO GROUNDS - DAY

           The raspberry plants have grown since we last saw them. Leila 
           weeds around them, the berries still tight and green. 

           Through the leafy plants, she sees Francesca’s eye, her lips. 
           Francesca breaks into a smile, bright and beautiful. 

           Throughout, we continue to hear Myrra and Leila’s session.

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Did you hate her for that?

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        Yes.

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Do you still hate her?

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        She’s dead-

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Do you still hate her?

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        Yes.
           INT. STAIRCASE TO THE PALAZZO BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS

           Leila and Myrra have reached the bottom of the long 
           staircase. There is a small DOOR that Myrra opens slowly. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           Young Leila arrives at the funeral. A DOOR OPENS and she 
           walks up aisle towards two coffins. Everyone stares.

                                                               BACK TO:

           Steam billows out as the DOOR OPENS and we see that it is a 
           brick-lined sauna of sorts. There are already a dozen people 
           inside, barely visible through the steam. 

           Myrra gestures for Leila to enter. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Heat will help to cleanse you. 
                             (when Leila hesitates)
                        It is perfectly safe. The doctor is 
                        here. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           A SPLIT-SECOND FLASH of adult Leila in a white dress on a 
           wide staircase. Her face is pale as CRIMSON BLOOD blooms on 
           her dress. Her hands are covered in blood. 

                                                               BACK TO:

           INT. STUDY, PALAZZO - DUSK

           Leila looks tired, the long shadows tell us that she and 
           Myrra have been at this for hours. 

           Now her voice is flat, droning, as though in a trance. 

                                 LEILA
                        I love him because he is a good 
                        person.

                                 MYRRA
                        And do you believe you are a good 
                        person?

                                 LEILA
                        No. 
           INT. KITCHEN, PALAZZO - EVENING

           Leila and Tomaso sit opposite one another at the long dining 
           table. Around them people are eating and drinking. 

           They do not speak. Tomaso watches Leila pick at her food. 
           There is a gulf growing between them. 

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Do you believe you are bad?

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        Yes.

                                 MYRRA (V.O.)
                        Why are you bad?

           Myrra touches Leila’s shoulder, joining them at the table. 
           Tomaso notices how Leila’s face lights up. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           An almost abstract image of a DEVELOPING FOETUS. Large 
           birdlike eyes, webbed fingers. It stirs in the darkness.

                                                               BACK TO:

           INT. PALAZZO BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS

           Leila is inside the steam room. Others sit around the room, 
           some naked, others in robes. Myrra helps Leila out of her 
           robe. She wears only her underwear and a simple camisole. 

           Dr Rossi is there. He hands Leila a small glass of murky tea. 

                                 DR. ROSSI
                        Drink. It will help you to see.

           Leila looks nervous, but not afraid, as she takes a sip and 
           closes her eyes. 

                                 LEILA (V.O.)
                        Because I wished for my baby to be 
                        dead. 

           INT. STUDY, PALAZZO - CONTINUOUS

           Leila, wide-eyed, exhausted, still has her palms pressed into 
           the table’s surface. Her fingers are white. It is almost dark 
           now in the room. The sun has set.
                                 LEILA
                        Because I hate the life growing 
                        inside me. 

           Myrra keeps her gaze, without judgement, as the emotions 
           begin pouring out of Leila unbound. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        I feel it moving, inside me, this 
                        thing. It disgusts me. 

           Tears begin to slip down her face but she doesn’t blink.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        I know I should love it. I know I 
                        should feel proud. But I don’t. I 
                        am trapped in my own body. It has 
                        taken me over. I prayed to God it 
                        would die but then it came back.

                                                                CUT TO:

           A FLASH of that embryonic life form. Its misproportioned head 
           and limbs, moving in the liquid darkness of the womb. 

           Now there is the loud, steady, THUMP-THUMP of Leila’s heart 
           and the almost deafening FLUTTER of the foetal heartbeat. 

           The percussive beat carries on as:

                                                               BACK TO:

           Tears and snot slide down Leila’s face but still she doesn’t 
           lift her hands from the table. 

                                                          MYRRA
                                              Why Leila?
                      LEILA (CONT’D)
           I don’t want it. I don’t want 
           it. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        I don’t want to be a mother. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Why not Leila?

                                 LEILA
                             (exploding)
                        Because I’m scared. I’m scared that 
                        I’ll turn out just like her. 

           The sounds of her sobbing carry us through:

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Leila and Tomaso lie in bed, side by side but not touching. 
           Leila stares out the window until finally her eyes close. 

           Behind her, Tomaso stares at the back of her head, feeling 
           impossibly distant from her even as they lie together.

                                                               BACK TO:

           INT. PALAZZO BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS

           Leila is surrounded by steam. Sweat trickles from her 
           forehead, dripping down her neck and into her cleavage. 

           Her camisole is drenched, clinging to her. The glass of tea 
           is empty. She lets it roll from her hand. Eyes closed.  

                                                                CUT TO:

           SERIES OF IMAGES:

           The images come to her now, cacophonous, colliding, spilling 
           quickly from one to the next in an overwhelming wave.

           - Her father’s hands reaching out to her. 

           - The embryonic hands inside of her. 

           - The kind comforting hands coming out of the steam, holding 
           her, supporting her.

           - Her own hands pressed hard into the surface of the table.

           - Her mother’s bloody hands, clutching the knife. 

           - The steamy room, faces barely visible, her vision blurry.

           - A door opening, light spilling into a darkened bedroom. A 
           FIGURE in the doorway: a MAN in silhouette. 

           - Her father’s hands, reaching out to her.

           - The figure in the doorway approaching us. Stepping closer 
           to our POV, in the bed. 

           - Her father’s hands reaching out, pulling back the covers, 
           menacing now. Predatory. 
           - The silhouette of a woman in the doorway, looking in, 
           seeing with horror what is happening inside. She SCREAMS.

                                                               BACK TO:

           Leila, in the middle of the steamy room, retches and THROWS 
           UP onto the floor. Purging her body. 

           Heaving, on all fours, a dozen kind hands reach out to help 
           her. Holding back her hair, reaching out of the steam, 
           stroking her face, cradling her. 

           Leila is laughing now, crying and delirious. Her hair 
           drenched and plastered to her face as she laughs and cries 
           uncontrollably with the weight of realization. 

                                 LEILA
                        She was protecting me. She was 
                        protecting me.
                             (cradling her stomach)
                        I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. 

           She smiles through her tears, utterly vulnerable, as if new-
           born. Her whole world has changed. 

           A high-window is opened and as the steam rushes out, daylight 
           pours in. Leila is laid flat on her back to rest. 

           She takes deep lungfuls of fresh air and looks up at Myrra, 
           spent, grateful. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Do you feel that? Now you can see.
                             (off Leila’s nod)
                        You are clean. You are ready. 

           Myrra strokes her hair, maternal, proud.

           EXT. PALAZZO GROUNDS - DAY 

           It is a stunning summer’s day. The landscape surrounding the 
           palazzo is verdant and beautiful. 

           Leila looks like a different person as she plucks ripe red 
           raspberries with Emma and Francesca. She seems happy, 
           carefree, sun-kissed.

           At 26 weeks her bump is now pronounced and she is careful to 
           protect it with one hand as she reaches for the fruit. 

           Tomaso appears at the back door. He pauses there, admiring 
           the change in Leila. He can’t get over it. 
           Leila spots him and saunters over, a bowl of berries in her 
           hand. She places one between his lips before kissing him. 

           Tomaso kisses her back, aware that there are other people 
           around. He pulls back but his hands stay on her hips. He 
           looks at her quizzically.

                                 LEILA
                        What?

                                 TOMASO
                        You’re so...different. 

                                 LEILA
                        I’m happy. 

                                 TOMASO
                        I can tell. I’m happy you’re happy. 
                        I thought I was losing you for a 
                        minute. 

                                 LEILA
                        I’m finally ready to be a mother. 
                        I’m clean now. 

           The smile drops from Tomaso’s face. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Please don’t talk like that. 
                        Whatever Myrra’s telling you, I’m 
                        pleased it’s made you feel better, 
                        but don’t let her put words in your 
                        mouth. 

                                 LEILA
                        She told me nothing. She just 
                        allowed me to see the truth. 

           Leila’s peaceful tone grates with Tomaso. She reaches out, 
           trying to bridge the increasingly apparent gap between them.  

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        If you read the book, maybe you’d 
                        see. Maybe you’d understand. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Understand what?

                                 LEILA
                        Me?

           This hits Tomaso hard. It hurts. Leila tries another tack.
                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Purgation might help you. Maybe 
                        your writing would-

           Tomaso cuts her off, imploring.  

                                 TOMASO
                        What are you even saying? Listen to 
                        yourself, Leila. 

           When Leila fails to respond, he turns sadly and walks away.

           Leila watches him go wondering whether it is she who has 
           changed or him.

           INT. PALAZZO, UPSTAIRS - DAY

           Tomaso sits at a desk, surrounded by papers. Outside Leila 
           has gone back to the raspberry plants with Emma and 
           Francesca. 

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        It’s wonderful to see her happy no?

           Myrra’s sudden appearance at the door makes Tomaso jump. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        How’s the writing going? 

                                 TOMASO
                             (barely veiled irritation)
                        I haven’t been writing. I’ve been 
                        trying to sort through this 
                        paperwork. The tax returns make no 
                        sense. You have money coming in 
                        from people I’ve never even heard 
                        of. And you seem to have an 
                        unending stream of people living 
                        here rent-free.

                                 MYRRA
                        What would you have me do Tomaso? 
                        Turn them away?
                             (off Tomaso’s look)
                        Why is it so hard for you to 
                        imagine that what we do here is 
                        real? Our father was a visionary-

           Tomaso laughs bitterly, shaking his head. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Did you really hate him so much?
                                 TOMASO
                        I spent my childhood being passed 
                        from one stranger to another. He 
                        was always offering his “insight” 
                        into someone else’s life but he was 
                        blind when it came to his own son. 
                        I hated growing up here.

           He appeals to his sister, kinder now.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you ever want to leave this 
                        place? Live in a city, see the 
                        world? 

                                 MYRRA
                        Why would I leave? We have 
                        everything we need right here.

           Tomaso can see that he’s not getting through to her. 

                                 TOMASO
                        As soon as I have the estate in 
                        order, Leila and I are going back 
                        to New York.

                                 MYRRA
                        Now who is the blind one?

           Tomaso follows Myrra’s gaze outside, where Leila can be seen 
           laughing and chatting in this pastoral paradise.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Why don’t you ask Leila what she 
                        wants for once.

           Myrra turns and leaves Tomaso alone to stew.

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BATHROOM - NIGHT

           In the soft steamy light of a few candles, Leila soaks in the 
           marble bathtub. The doors leading to a tiny balcony are wide, 
           revealing a star-filled night sky.  

           In the warm water, something STIRS inside Leila’s belly. An 
           elbow, or a knee, pushes out against her skin, visibly moving 
           inside her. It is both magical and revolting, like watching a 
           trapped eel writhe in a net.

           Leila waits for the movement to pass before closing her eyes.

           Suddenly, the silence is broken. Leila’s eyes flick open. 
           From outside, the unmistakable sounds of people fucking. 

           Leila’s face breaks into a smile. But amusement soon gives 
           way to curiosity. 

           She lifts herself from the tub and slips on a robe as she 
           pads over to the balcony. 

           She peers around and sees Francesca, bent over the railings 
           of the adjacent balcony, being taken from behind. 

           Leila snaps her head back and stifles a shocked laugh. She 
           stands pressed against the shutters for a moment. Finally, 
           she dares another look. 

           Lit from behind, Francesca’s skin seems luminous. Her hair 
           hangs over her face, her eyes closed as she sways under the 
           rhythms of her unseen lover. 

           But as Leila keeps watching, unable to look away, she notices 
           not one but TWO PAIRS of hands caressing Francesca’s body.  

           Aroused, disturbed, excited, Leila is fixated as Francesca 
           draws towards climax. 

           Just before Francesca comes, she opens her eyes and sees 
           Leila watching her. 

           Francesca does not stop. She looks directly at Leila, who 
           remains frozen under her gaze, before closing her eyes and 
           succumbing to orgasm. 

           As if the spell were suddenly broken, Leila pulls back into 
           her bathroom, flushed and breathing heavily. 

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Tomaso is already in bed with the lights off as Leila tiptoes 
           in from the bathroom. She drops her robe and slides into bed. 

           Her heart still pounding, she reaches under the sheets, 
           seeking out Tomaso’s body. 

           Without turning, Tomaso sleepily takes her hand in his and 
           wraps it around his chest. 

           Hurt and rejected, Leila rolls away from him. After a moment, 
           Tomaso turns over puts his arm around Leila’s belly.

           Leila lies rigidly beneath his arm as he slips back to sleep. 
           INT. KITCHEN, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           The palazzo is dark and quiet. Leila sits in her robe eating 
           pecorino and grapes in the light of a solitary lamp.  

           Her interaction with Tomaso has left her angry, frustrated. 
           She eyes a rustic homemade chianti bottle, tempted. 

           Behind her, the fridge door suddenly opens, startling her. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        Thirsty?

           Francesca has pulled on a skimpy tank and a pair of white 
           panties but her tan skin and hair are still damp with sweat. 
           She doesn’t show the slightest flicker of embarrassment. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        In Italy we all drink when we’re 
                        pregnant. It’s about moderation. 

           Francesca grabs two small stemless glasses and puts them 
           before Leila to fill. She pops a piece of cheese in her mouth 
           and hops up onto the stool beside Leila. They CLINK glasses. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        I guess I’m not the only one who 
                        gets hungry after sex.  
                             (off Leila’s look)
                        What? You guys didn’t..?

           Leila squirms for a moment, awkward. Francesca is so bold, 
           shameless, that eventually Leila opens up. 

                                 LEILA
                             (gesturing to her belly)
                        Tomaso doesn’t think it’s right. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        That’s ridiculous. Now is when you 
                        need it most.  

           Leila makes a face as if to say, you don’t need to tell me. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        And now is when you’re most sexy.

                                 LEILA
                        I don’t know about that. I feel 
                        like a whale. I’m enormous. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        You’re beautiful. And if Tomaso 
                        can’t see that he’s a fool. 
           Francesca places her hand on Leila’s stomach. She strokes the 
           soft curves of her belly and very slowly, she LOOSENS Leila’s 
           robe, pushing it open. 

           Leila is exposed and entranced. Her embarrassment soon 
           outweighed by desire, she is unable to stop this confident 
           young woman whose hands begin to explore her body. 

                                 LEILA
                        Francesca, I - 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        Did you like watching me?

           Leila’s breath catches. She wants to deny it but she can’t.

                                 LEILA
                        Yes.

           Francesca’s hands move up to caress Leila’s breasts. 

           She slips silently off her stool and pushes Leila’s legs 
           apart. She stands between her legs, inches away.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                             (breathless)
                        Who was it?

                                 FRANCESCA
                        It doesn’t matter. We all belong to 
                        each other. 

           She leans in and kisses Leila softly on the mouth. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        I’m yours. 

           She pauses, her tongue tracing the curve of Leila’s lip.

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        And you’re mine. 

           Her hand reaches down to touch Leila. Leila’s eyes go wide as 
           a gasp escapes her. 

           This is a line Leila knows she shouldn’t cross but as 
           Francesca presses into her, she closes her eyes and succumbs. 

           EXT. WOODS - DAY

           Rough, wet, breath. Grunting. Hooves, running, the sound of 
           an animal being pursued. 
           PREY’S POV:

           We see flashes of leaves, tree roots, all at great speed as a 
           young WILD BOAR, runs for its life.  

           All around, the sound of dogs BARKING. Men, crashing through 
           the undergrowth, hooting and hollering with excitement as 
           they close in on the animal, surrounding it. 

           Then the SNARLING of dogs, the sound of flesh being RIPPED as 
           the world turns UPSIDE DOWN and all we see is blue sky 
           through the treetops. 

           INT. KITCHEN, PALAZZO - DAY

           The carcass of the wild boar hangs in the kitchen, flies 
           buzzing lazily around it.

           It’s a hot summer’s day and the air in the kitchen is close. 
           Francesca and Leila sit opposite each other at the long 
           table, prepping an elaborate meal with half a dozen others. 

           Justin chops the head clean off a freshly slaughtered rabbit. 
           No one, including Leila, so much as flinches as the carcass 
           is skinned and quartered. 

           Teresa begins hacking the animal into smaller pieces. Debora 
           uses a MEAT MALLET to pound the thigh meat into flat fillets.

           The fresh OFFAL is passed up the line to Leila. 

           Leila’s movements are languid, assured, as she coats the 
           liver, heart and kidneys in flour and passes them down to 
           Myrra who slides them into a pan of sizzling butter and sage. 

           After mere minutes in the pan, the hot offal is tipped onto a 
           plate with a squeeze of lemon and offered up to Leila. 

           Debora reaches out to grab a piece but Teresa swats her away. 
           Leila comes first. She is a queen here and she likes it. 

           She picks up a heart between her fingers. It is RARE and 
           BLOODY. She pops it in her mouth just as Tomaso walks in 
           carrying a file of papers. 

           Leila’s mood visibly cools. There is still a tension between 
           them and added to that now is Leila’s guilt. 

           She goes back to work flouring more fresh offal as Tomaso 
           squeezes himself in next to her, disrupting the line. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Are you sure you won’t come? 
           He reaches out and wipes flour from her face, tenderly. He’s 
           trying hard to make things better.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        You’ve never seen Lucca. It’s a 
                        beautiful city. 

                                 LEILA
                        I’m happy here. We’re going to make 
                        wild boar sausage and we’re 
                        roasting the rabbits for dinner. 

                                 TOMASO
                        It’ll be good for you to get out. 
                        You’ve barely left the village 
                        since we got here. Come with me. 
                             (really trying)
                        Carlo’s lending me his car. 

                                 LEILA
                        Why would I leave? We have 
                        everything we need right here. 

           At the stove, Myrra smiles to hear her words in Leila’s 
           mouth. Tomaso’s not ready to give up. He turns to the others:

                                 TOMASO
                        Could we have a minute?

           No one moves until Myrra gives them a NOD. The line scatters 
           into the adjoining rooms. Tomaso keeps his voice low.

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Baby, I’m sorry about the other 
                        night. Why don’t you come with me? 
                        I won’t be long at the Civil Office 
                        and then we can spend the day 
                        together. 
                             (wrapping an arm around 
                              her, smiling)
                        Just the three of us. 

           Leila does not respond. She continues to toy with the still-
           warm entrails of the third rabbit. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Could you stop that? It’s 
                        disgusting. 
                             (immediately regretting 
                              his outburst)
                        I miss being alone with you. I feel 
                        like we’re always surrounded by 
                        other people. 
                                 LEILA
                        These people are my family now. 

                                 TOMASO
                        No. They’re not. Some of them are 
                        my family. The rest are freeloaders 
                        and losers looking for answers from 
                        some stupid fucking book my father 
                        wrote 30 years ago. 

           In the face of Tomaso’s rant, Leila seems like the reasonable 
           one.

                                 LEILA
                        These negative emotions are going 
                        to kill you Tomaso. You need to let 
                        them go, you need to be-

                                 TOMASO
                        Stop it. That’s it. As soon as I’ve 
                        tied up this paperwork we’re going 
                        home.  

           He stands and moves towards the door. Leila remains calm.

                                 LEILA
                        What if I don’t want to go home?

           Tomaso walks out on her, slamming the door behind him. 

           Alone now, Leila’s cool veneer cracks. She hates what is 
           happening to them.

           EXT. PALAZZO - DAY

           On the other side of the door, Tomaso is already regretting 
           his tone. He hesitates for a moment, wanting to go back in, 
           apologize. But pride pushes him away and he leaves.

           EXT. LUCCA - DAY

           An hour’s drive away, the city of Lucca is magnificent and 
           picturesque. Trees and houses straddle the thick walls that 
           surround the old city.

           Tomaso arrives, driving through one of the walls’ gates, 
           during the hottest hours of the afternoon.
           INT. CIVIL OFFICE, LUCCA - DAY

           The air inside the cramped civil office is thick and the 
           harried workers sweat into their thin cotton shirts. 

           [The ensuing italicized conversation takes place in Italian, 
           with subtitles.] 

                                 CLERK
                        Argenti, Tomaso?

           Tomaso stands impatiently and leans over the counter to talk 
           to yet another city official. He’s been here for some time. 

                                 CLERK (CONT’D)
                        My colleague tells me you are 
                        looking for a death certificate. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Yes. My father recently passed and 
                        I need to the documentation to show 
                        that my sister and I are the next 
                        of kin. 

                                 CLERK
                        Your father?

           Tomaso speaks slowly. It’s clear he’s been through this 
           several times already.

                                 TOMASO
                        Yes. But I’m looking for a death 
                        certificate for Maria Argenti - his 
                        wife, my mother. For some reason 
                        it’s taking you people all day. 

                                 CLERK
                        I’m sorry sir but as I understand 
                        it, the reason for the delay is 
                        that we don’t have such a document. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Well can you get a copy?

                                 CLERK
                        No sir. 

                                 TOMASO
                             (exasperated)
                        Well where can I get one?
                                 CLERK
                        Sir, I’m afraid that the woman you 
                        are looking for is not dead so it 
                        will not be possible to obtain such 
                        a thing. 

                                 TOMASO
                        You’re mistaken. Her name is Maria 
                        Antonella Argenti, born July 26, 
                        1949. She died giving birth to me 
                        on December- 

                                 CLERK
                        No, I’m afraid you are mistaken. 
                        Maria Argenti, born Maria Bonini in 
                        1949, is still alive and filing 
                        taxes here in Lucca. 

           The clerk points to a piece of paper before him, dated 
           recently and bearing a name and address for the woman who 
           until now Tomaso believed to be long dead. 

                                 TOMASO
                        She’s alive?

           EXT. OUTSIDE CASTIGLIONE’S WALLS - LATE AFTERNOON

           The land on the other side of the thick medieval walls 
           encompassing the village cascades down in a series of steep 
           vine-covered terraces. 

           Leila sits with her back to the wall, looking down the 
           hillside, Emma beside her. 

                                 LEILA
                        Maybe he’s right. This is the first 
                        time I’ve stepped outside of the 
                        village in weeks. 

                                 EMMA
                             (making excuses, kind)
                        You’ve not been well. 

           A few terraces down, Emma’s aunt Zora cuts at the grass with 
           a RUSTY SCYTHE. Bent double, she glances up at them with a 
           look of disapproval and quickly CROSSES herself.

           Leila barely seems to notice. She stares into the distance.

                                 LEILA
                        It’s funny. I can’t tell if it’s 
                        him who’s changed or me. He used to 
                        be my whole world, and I was his. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEILA (CONT'D)
                        But since I got pregnant... It’s 
                        like he doesn’t see me anymore.  

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        Leila?

           Above Leila’s head, a round PORTHOLE, about two feet in 
           diameter, cuts through the thick stone wall. Peering through 
           from the other side, Myrra’s face. Leila calls up to her. 

                                 LEILA
                        Here. 

           Myrra vanishes, heading for the gate nearby. Emma stands, 
           quickly, dusting the grass from her skirt. She seems nervous. 

                                 EMMA
                        I should go, help my aunt.
                             (before Leila can protest)
                        Come by and see me sometime. 

           Emma hurries down the terraces and out of sight just as Myrra 
           rounds the corner. 

                                 MYRRA
                        What on earth are you doing out 
                        here? You missed Purgation. 

                                 LEILA
                        I needed some time alone. 
                             (explaining)
                        Tomaso thinks we should leave. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Tomaso is being selfish, as always. 

           Leila is taken aback by Myrra’s tone. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        We don’t need him. He can leave if 
                        he wants. The family will take care 
                        of the child. Money’s been coming 
                        in for months now. 

                                 LEILA
                        I don’t want Tomaso to leave. I 
                        think I’ve been unfair on him. I 
                        just got so caught up in this 
                        place. You’ve all been so kind to 
                        me. And you, you’ve taught me so 
                        much, but maybe he’s right. Maybe 
                        it’s time to go back. 

           Myrra’s demeanor changes quite suddenly. 
                                 MYRRA
                        Leaving is out of the question. 

                                 LEILA
                             (shocked, almost laughing)
                        Myrra, I appreciate everything 
                        you’ve done for me but-

                                 MYRRA
                        The baby will be born here. He 
                        belongs with us. 

                                 LEILA
                             (confused, frightened)
                        What are you talking about? 

                                 MYRRA
                        Papé’s second book was never 
                        finished. In it, he promises the 
                        keys to eternal life. That he who 
                        is truly pure may ascend and be 
                        reincarnated to live again.
                             (gesturing to Leila’s 
                              belly)
                        With his return, Papé proves that 
                        everything he taught us was true. 
                        The family will be stronger than 
                        ever. 

           Leila, on her feet now, backs away from Myrra. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        The baby belongs to us Leila. You 
                        are The Vessel. Papé is inside you 
                        and you shall deliver him to us.  

                                 LEILA
                        You don’t know what you’re saying. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Your baby died. Just like you 
                        wanted. And it made way for him. 
                        Don’t you feel it? 

           Horrified, Leila clings to the wall for support. Myrra 
           watches, unmoving, as Leila turns and hurries away. 

           EXT. MARIA ARGENTI’S APARTMENT, LUCCA - DUSK

           Tomaso arrives at a rundown apartment complex in the 
           industrial outskirts of Lucca. The concrete balconies are 
           crowded with greying laundry and old men smoking. 
           I/E. MARIA ARGENTI’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

           He rings the buzzer of a second floor apartment. The name 
           scrawled on the bell reads “M.Argenti”.

           After a few agonizing moments, he hears a shuffling inside, 
           the sound of a CAT scramming. A woman in her sixties, her 
           face hardened and lined by life, answers the door. 

           [The ensuing italicized conversation takes place in Italian, 
           with subtitles.] 

                                 MARIA
                        What do you want?

                                 TOMASO
                        Maria Argenti? 

           She concedes to the name with a small nod of the head, 
           suspicious of this nervous man sweating on her doorstep. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Maria Antonella Argenti?

                                 MARIA
                        Who are you?

                                 TOMASO
                        I think - 
                             (trepidation tinged with 
                              excitement)
                        I’m your son. 
                             (persevering)
                        They told me you died in labor. My 
                        father, Filipo Argenti-

           She doesn’t wait to hear him out. 

                                 MARIA
                        I never had a son. 

           She pushes the door closed but he stops her.

                                 TOMASO
                        No, wait. Please. I just want to 
                        talk to you. 

           On the inside of her forearm, he notices a pale round scar: a 
           burn where once there was a tattoo.

                                 MARIA
                        I don’t want anything to do with 
                        you people. 
                                 TOMASO
                        Please. I just need to know if - 

                                 MARIA
                        I’m telling you. I never had a son. 

                                 TOMASO
                        But you had a daughter, Myrra. 

                                 MARIA
                             (spitting in contempt)
                        I gave birth to her but she is no 
                        daughter of mine. She is sick. Sick 
                        and ungodly. Like her father. 

           Maria crosses herself at the memory and tries again to close 
           the door. Tomaso is getting increasingly desperate.

                                 TOMASO
                        He’s dead. Please, I just want to 
                        know my mother - 

                                 MARIA
                        If you want to know who your mother 
                        is why don’t you ask that whore 
                        “sister” of yours. 

           Tomaso, stunned, takes his foot from the door. 

           Seizing her opportunity Maria SLAMS it closed and turns the 
           locks, leaving Tomaso reeling. 

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE - NIGHT

           Tomaso drives up the narrow winding road with reckless speed. 

           His knuckles are white as he clutches the steering wheel, 
           tearing through the open gates of the village and screeching 
           to a halt outside the palazzo courtyard. 

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           Leila’s SUITCASE is on the bed as she frantically gathers her 
           and Tomaso’s belongings. She is flustered, upset. She barely 
           notices the sound of the CAR outside. 

           As she tosses her toiletries into the open case, she drops a 
           lipstick, which rolls under the bed. 

           From downstairs, the muffled sound of RAISED VOICES. 
           INT. MAIN ROOM DOWNSTAIRS, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           Myrra, stripped of make-up and wearing only a nightie. He is 
           wild with emotion. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Tell me you’re not my mother. 

           Myrra does not respond. Her face is hard. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Who is my father? One of Papé’s 
                        charity cases? Who?

           INT. LEILA & TOMASO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Lowering herself carefully onto all fours, Leila reaches a 
           hand into the dark space under the bed.  

           Her fingers catch something. The last RED CAPSULE that Dr 
           Rossi gave her all those months ago. 

           She pulls it free and as she does it CRACKS OPEN, spilling 
           its contents. But where the medication should be, Leila finds 
           CLIPPINGS of HAIR and of old, yellowed FINGERNAILS. 

           Leila dry-retches in revulsion as the sound of Tomaso’s voice 
           grows LOUDER.

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Myrra seems to toy with Tomaso.

                                 MYRRA
                        You know who your father is. The 
                        same as your sister’s. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Francesca? 

                                 MYRRA
                        Your father is her father. And he 
                        too is mine. 
                             (as his face blanches)
                        Come on, Tomaso. Don’t pretend you 
                        didn’t know. 

           Myrra seems to be enjoying herself. Tomaso stumbles back.
                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        You always knew. Deep down. That’s 
                        why you left when Francesca was 
                        born. Because you knew the truth. 

           Tomaso is collapsing in on himself. The weight of Myrra’s 
           words crushing him. 

                                 TOMASO
                        No. No. No no no no. Stop. Please.

                                 MYRRA
                        You were the son he always wanted. 
                        Pure of blood. You were the 
                        embodiment of everything we stand 
                        for. Flesh of his flesh, blood of 
                        his blood. We made you pure. 

           Tomaso drops to his knees, his face a paroxysm of horror. 

           INT. STAIRCASE TO THE MAIN HALL, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           Leila moves towards the staircase, dazed. In her hand, the 
           crushed red pill with its vile contents.  

           From downstairs, she can hear Tomaso SOBBING. She tries to 
           call out to him but her voice is trembling, faint.  

                                 LEILA
                        Tomaso?

           Her bare feet pad down the first couple of steps. She holds 
           onto the banister for support. Her face is pale and clammy.  

           INT. MAIN ROOM DOWNSTAIRS, PALAZZO - NIGHT

           Francesca and Piero emerge sleepily from their ground floor 
           bedroom. Tomaso is at Myrra’s feet, his body wracked by sobs. 

           Suddenly Piero points up at the staircase. Francesca lets out 
           a piercing SCREAM. 

           Leila stands half-way up the stairs, her face deathly pale. 
           CRIMSON BLOOD blooms over the white fabric of her dress.

                                 LEILA
                             (as if in a trance)
                        Tommy? I want to go home now. 

           LEILA’S POV:
           As she starts to SWAY, Leila sees Tomaso look up. As her 
           hearing goes, our world is MUTED. She sees everyone looking 
           up at her, their eyes filled with fear. 

           Myrra rushes towards her as her legs buckle and we: 

                                                        FADE TO BLACK. 

           SERIES OF IMAGES (LEILA’S POV):

           The world remains MUTED as a series of images FADE IN, 
           chaotic, colliding, flashing before us in seeming rhythm with 
           Leila’s pounding HEARTBEAT. Behind it, the flutter of the 
           foetal heartbeat. 

           - Disembodied hands reach out to Leila from the steam. 
           Supportive, smothering. 

           - Bloody hands: Young Leila’s, her mother’s, her own.

           - Hands lifting her onto a gurney. The fluorescent lights of 
           a hospital corridor. 

           - Tomaso, throwing himself towards her, desperately reaching 
           for her, veins popping in his neck. Hands holding him back. 

           - Hands touching skin. Francesca’s skin. Four hands running 
           over her. Francesca’s hand on Leila’s smooth round belly. 

           - Leila’s father’s face, looming over her, in the darkness.

           - A hospital room. Dr Rossi, looking down at her, INJECTING 
           something (a sedative) into an IV in her arm.

           - Looking down at Papé as he suddenly reaches up, grabs her. 
           Those sick, wet, bony gums closing in. 

           - A bag of BLOOD being hooked up to an IV. The slow trickle 
           of dark viscose liquid going into her veins. 

           Leila’s HEARTBEAT begins to slow, slow, slow. It regulates, 
           accompanied as always by the foetal heartbeat. Slower now we 
           see a series of people standing vigil by Leila’s bedside. 

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           Her POV remains groggy: Myrra, Debora, Francesca, Teresa. 
           Each in turn, watching, waiting. But no Tomaso. 

           END POV.

           Leila remains hooked up to the IV. She looks pale and weak. 
           Myrra sits by her bedside, eyes fixed to the foetal monitor. 
           Leila’s eyelids flutter OPEN. She struggles to focus. 

                                 LEILA
                        Tomaso... Tomaso?

           Myrra looks down at her, impassive. She presses a BUTTON on 
           an automated IV and within seconds, Leila begins slipping 
           back into UNCONSCIOUSNESS, Tomaso’s name on her lips. 

           INT. PSYCHIATRIC WARD, HOSPITAL - DAY

           In a remote, isolated ward that feels a world away from 
           Leila’s, Tomaso is STRAPPED to a hospital bed with four-point 
           medical restraints.

           His face is BRUISED and the side of his head is shaved around 
           a neatly stitched wound. He’s had the shit kicked out of him. 

           Outside his locked room, Dr Rossi confers with the WARD 
           PSYCHIATRIST. They look in at the patient as he struggles 
           against his restraints, YELLING himself hoarse.

                                 TOMASO (THROUGH THE GLASS)
                        Leila. LEILA. 

           He looks insane.

           EXT. PALAZZO COURTYARD - DAY

           A private ambulance pulls into the courtyard outside the 
           palazzo. Dozens of people mill about, watching with 
           trepidation as Leila is unloaded on a gurney. 

           A ripple of excitement, gasps of awe as they see her enormous 
           belly, now almost full term. 

           Leila is still drugged and woozy as she is wheeled through 
           the crowd to the front door, Dr Rossi at her side.

                                 LEILA
                        What’s happening?

           Myrra hands the ambulance driver a wad of euros. The crowd 
           parts reverently as she joins Dr Rossi at Leila’s side. 

                                 MYRRA
                        He’s coming. 

           As if on cue, the crowd murmur in hushed union: 

                                 CROWD
                        Papé. 
           It is terrifying. Leila looks around her. She tries to sit up 
           but HANDS hold her down, firmly, as they wheel her inside. 

           INT. LEILA’S BEDROOM - DAY

           It’s an unbearably hot day and the air is loud with cicadas. 

           Leila is on her feet, her mind clear. She paces her room, a 
           prisoner. Teresa sits in the corner, watching her every move. 

           A key UNLOCKS the door from the outside. Francesca enters 
           carrying clean linens. 

           Leila looks at Francesca with barely veiled spite. Teresa 
           shuffles out, taking the key and locking the door behind her.

                                 LEILA
                        Changing of the guard. 
                             (accusatory)
                        You’re keeping me prisoner.

           Francesca strips the old sheets from the bed, refusing to 
           look up at Leila. She speaks quietly.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        He’ll be here soon. 

           Leila grabs Francesca’s wrist, appealing to her, desperate. 

                                 LEILA
                        Francesca please. You can’t believe 
                        what Myrra’s saying. She’s crazy. 
                        They’re all crazy. 

           She places Francesca’s hand on her stomach, pleading.

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        Please. Help me.  

           Francesca pauses. Her eyes prick with tears. For the first 
           time, she looks her age. Young and vulnerable. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        You’re so lucky. I was supposed to 
                        be The Vessel. We tried so many 
                        times. 
                             (eyes glazed and watery)
                        But my babies all died. Inside me. 
                        You must be very special. 

                                 LEILA
                             (screaming to get through)
                        I’m not The Vessel. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 LEILA (CONT'D)
                        You have to listen to me. These 
                        people are sick. That man...
                             (pausing, softening)
                        Your babies died because what Papé 
                        did to you was ungodly, unnatural. 
                        I can help you. We can leave here, 
                        together. Please. 

           Francesca is quiet, as if maybe she is considering. She is 
           about to say something when the LOCK TURNS loudly and Myrra 
           enters carrying a SMALL BOWL. 

           Piero shuffles in behind her, running into Francesca’s arms. 
           He looks even paler than usual as he fumbles for her breast. 

           Justin is there too, arms folded in the doorway. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        You can’t keep me here forever.

                                 MYRRA
                        Sit. He must eat. 

           Leila looks from Myrra to Justin, she can either chose to sit 
           or be made to sit. Keeping her eyes locked on Myrra’s, she 
           lowers herself onto the bed. 

           Myrra spoons something from the bowl to Leila’s mouth. It 
           only takes a second for Leila to recognize the taste. 

           She SPITS the liquid into Myrra’s face. It’s BLOOD. 

           Myrra straightens. Blood drips down her face but she makes no 
           move to wipe it away. Instead she NODS to Justin. 

           He steps forward, restraining Leila’s arms behind her with 
           one hand, forcing her mouth open with the other. He’s strong.

           Calmly, Myrra begins force-feeding Leila the blood. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        We have to keep the cycle pure. 
                        Just as the daughter feeds the son, 
                        so shall the son feed the father. 

           Francesca clutches Piero even tighter to her chest as he 
           suckles the milk from her. We now see his arm has been 
           BANDAGED where he has been BLED. 

           Leila struggles, choking. Blood trickles down her chin but 
           she cannot escape.  

           Francesca, unable to watch any more, takes Piero and leaves.
           The bowl finally empty, Myrra nods. Justin releases Leila and 
           leaves the room. 

           Leila collapses into sobs, gasping for air. She curls up into 
           a ball. Only now does Myrra wipe her own face. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        You shouldn’t waste, Leila. It’s 
                        disrespectful. 

           Myrra strolls over to the balcony. She looks down at the 
           courtyard and the village beyond. 

           Below her, the palazzo’s inhabitants hustle and bustle, 
           making preparations for a great celebration. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Papé’s resurrection is the miracle 
                        we needed. Now everyone will 
                        believe.

           A smile of pride crosses over the matriarch’s face. Like a 
           queen surveying her kingdom. 

                                 TOMASO (PRE-LAP)
                        They needed me out of the way. So 
                        they could take my baby. 

           INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE, PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DAY

           Tomaso, wearing faded scrubs, sits opposite the Ward 
           Psychiatrist we saw earlier. He looks exhausted but he’s 
           trying to maintain his composure. 

           [The ensuing italicized conversation takes place in Italian 
           with subtitles.]

                                 TOMASO
                        My sister-
                             (correcting himself, 
                              bitterly)
                        -my mother is trying to convince 
                        you I’m crazy to hide the fact that 
                        she’s running some sort of fucking 
                        cult up there. 

           Tomaso realizes that the angrier he gets, the crazier he 
           seems. He grits his teeth, reining it in. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        My wife... My wife needs me. She’s-
                                 WARD PSYCHIATRIST
                        Do you remember attacking your 
                        wife?

                                 TOMASO
                        I didn’t touch her.

                                 WARD PSYCHIATRIST
                        Tell me, why might you want to hurt 
                        your baby? 

                                 TOMASO
                             (bursting into English)
                        I didn’t touch her. They’re lying. 
                        They’re all lying. You have to let 
                        me out of here. I’m an American. 

           The psychiatrist remains unmoved by Tomaso’s outburst. 

           INT. REC-ROOM, PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DAY

           The mixed common area is relatively civilized. Two dozen male 
           and female patients in varying states of mental disarray 
           occupy the room, keeping mostly to themselves. 

           A few visitors, in NAME TAGS, sit near loved ones, weary. 

           Tomaso sits alone in the corner. He is ready to give up. 

           Over by the window, a SCRAWNY WOMAN with long greasy hair 
           stands looking out at the mountains. She TAPS the glass idly.

           An OLDER WOMAN with a visitor’s badge sits nearby, knitting. 

           Irritated by the noise, Tomaso looks up and sees the scrawny 
           woman’s REFLECTION in the window. Her face is familiar. 

           He approaches, slowly. It’s the woman who was screaming 
           outside the palazzo all those months ago. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Elena?

           He reaches out, turning her to face him. Her face is BLANK. 
           The old woman puts down her knitting.

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        Get away from my daughter?

                                 TOMASO
                        I need to talk to her. My name is 
                        Tomaso Argenti.
           The second that name passes his lips, Elena lets out a 
           deafening guttural CRY.

           Inside her mouth, the scarred STUMP of a severed tongue.

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, SIDE STREET - DAY

           CLOSE ON: Two dark HOLLOW eyes set in a feathery face, above 
           a sharp pointed BEAK. It’s a MASK, woven together from straw 
           and animal parts. It’s primitive, pagan. 

           Members of the palazzo sit in the shade from the afternoon 
           heat, putting finishing touches on their masks.

           The village has been decorated for a medieval festa. Tables 
           have been laid and wreathes of olive branches and wild 
           flowers have been hung throughout the village. Two people 
           fill medieval OIL-BURNING SCONCES from big CANNISTERS of oil.  

           The shutters on the houses are all CLOSED and the SCARRED MAN 
           passes by, knocking loudly on every door. There is no answer.  

           He makes his way over to a woman in a FOX MASK sitting on a 
           raised stage, surveying everyone’s efforts. 

                                 SCARRED MAN
                        They’re all gone. The locals. The 
                        village is empty.

           The mask lifts to reveal Myrra.

                                 MYRRA
                        Close the gates. 

           The Scarred Man heads off. Myrra scans the faces around her. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Where’s Francesca?

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, UPSTAIRS - DAY

           Francesca walks towards Leila’s bedroom. The palazzo is abuzz 
           with activity. People are getting ready for the festa and 
           some are already wearing their masks. 

           INT. LEILA’S BEDROOM - DAY

           Francesca unlocks the door and slips inside. She looks 
           nervous, furtive. 

           The bedroom is empty. She continues on into -
           INT. LEILA’S BATHROOM - DAY

           Teresa sits on a stool watching like a hawk as Leila takes a 
           bath, hunched up and trying to cover herself. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                             (to Teresa)
                        Leave. I’ll take over. 

                                 TERESA
                        Your mother told me to bathe her in 
                        preparation for tonight.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        And I’m telling you to leave. 

           Displeased but outranked, Teresa leaves. Francesca waits to 
           hear the bedroom door being locked behind her. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        No one outside of the family has 
                        seen this. 

           She pulls something from behind her back. A manuscript. 
           Leila, still covering herself, barely looks up.  

                                 LEILA
                        What is it?

                                 FRANCESCA
                        It’s Papé’s second book. It’s 
                        unfinished, untranslated.
                             (taking a deep breath)
                        You need to know what they’re going 
                        to do to you. 

           INT. REC-ROOM, PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DAY

           Tomaso sits in a quiet corner with Elena’s mother. Elena sits 
           nearby, rocking herself soothingly. 

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        Your sister had her tongue cut out 
                        before they had her committed. 
                        Punishment for showing up at the 
                        Palazzo that day.
                             (sad, resigned)
                        Maybe it’s where she belongs now. 
                        She never recovered after they took 
                        her son. 

                                 TOMASO
                        So Piero really is hers?
                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        She was your father’s nurse when he 
                        first got sick. He raped her and 
                        when she fell pregnant they told 
                        her she was special, called her-

                          TOMASO
                                                   FRANCESCA (PRE-LAP)
                 (realizing)
                                              “The Vessel-”
           The Vessel.

           INT. BATHROOM - DAY

           Francesca reading from Papé’s manuscript, translating: 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        “-is the conduit through which the 
                        pure soul shall seek its return. 
                        The Vessel must be purged and pure 
                        in order for the spirit to thrive. 
                        She shall be fed of his body, 
                        supped of his blood.” 

           CLOSE ON: The manuscript is full of annotated DIAGRAMS and 
           illustrations. This one shows ink drawings of a DEVELOPING 
           FOETUS in utero. It looks alien and strange. 

           INT. REC-ROOM, PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DAY

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        They gave her money, food. There 
                        was a doctor... But as the baby 
                        grew, your father recovered. They 
                        told her she had failed but they 
                        still wanted the child. 

           INT. BATHROOM - DAY

                                 FRANCESCA
                        “When the moon waxes in the 8th 
                        cycle The Vessel shall be laid open 
                        and the child plucked from her 
                        quartered womb.” 

           CLOSE ON: Graphic, ANATOMICAL DIAGRAMS show the intersecting 
           incisions to be made to The Vessel’s abdomen. She is to be 
           PEELED OPEN like a flower. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        “For it is only through death that 
                        new life shall be attained.” 
           INT. REC-ROOM, PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DAY

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        If those people believe your wife 
                        is truly The Vessel, she will not 
                        be so lucky as my daughter. 

           Elena’s rocking is frantic now, tears stream down her face. 

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        They will butcher your wife and you 
                        will never see your child again. 

           INT. BATHROOM - DAY

           Francesca lowers the manuscript. She looks at Leila who is 
           staring at the pages in abject horror.

           Her lip trembles when she finally dares to speak. She’s only 
           a child. A broken, abused, confused child.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        I don’t know if it’s true that he’s 
                        inside you. But if you stay here 
                        they will kill you. 

           Tears roll silently down Leila’s cheeks. She barely reacts as 
           Francesca kneels down beside the tub and presses something 
           into her hand: a spare key to the bedroom. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                             (hurried, conspiratorial)
                        Wait until dusk. There’s a feast to 
                        honor his coming. The palazzo will 
                        be empty. It’s your only chance. 
                        Tonight the moon- 

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        What’s going on?

           Suddenly, Myrra is in the doorway. Francesca jumps, DROPPING 
           the key in the tub. Leila snaps out of her traumatized daze. 

           The key, her only hope for escape, is clearly visible on the 
           bottom of the smooth white bath.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        Nothing. I was...making sure she’s 
                        clean. For tonight. 

           Leila rapidly starts rubbing herself with a BAR OF SOAP. It’s 
           suspicious and Myrra is no fool.
                                 MYRRA
                        Stand up.

           Leila does so, clutching the soap, covering herself.

           Myrra steps forwards, looking down into the tub. Checking to 
           see what Leila was hiding. But the tub is empty. No key.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                             (to Francesca, suspicious)
                        Help me prepare The Vessel’s robes. 

           Francesca and Myrra move back into the bedroom, leaving the 
           door wide. 

           In her hand, Leila turns over the bar of soap. Pressed into 
           its soft underside - the key.

           INT. PSYCHIATRIC WARD - DUSK

           Elena is still now. It is Tomaso who seems to rock, his body 
           rippling with emotion. 

                                 TOMASO
                        You have to tell them. Help me get 
                        out of here. I have to save her.

                                 ELENA’S MOTHER
                        It’s no use. No one will listen. 
                        Your family have paid them not to. 
                             (standing)
                        I’m sorry. I can’t help you.

           Tomaso is too broken to stop her as she picks up her handbag 
           and walks over to the gated entry. The GUARDS open the door. 

           At that moment Elena grabs Tomaso’s wrist. 

           Suddenly she’s there, right in his face. Her lips come 
           together over her tongueless mouth to make one simple word.

                                 ELENA          
                        Go.

           With unexpected strength she violently UPTURNS the table 
           between them, SCREAMING like a banshee. She’s wild. 

           The Guards rush towards her, leaving the door momentarily 
           UNGUARDED. Tomaso sees his chance. He makes a break for it.
           EXT. HOSPITAL - DUSK

           Tomaso bursts out of a fire escape at the back of the 
           hospital where a few cars are parked. 

           The sun is low in the sky but the air is still muggy. Tomaso 
           pulls off his shirt as he walks along the row of cars. 

           He selects an older-looking model without an alarm and wraps 
           his shirt around his elbow, SMASHING the window.

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, UPSTAIRS - EVENING

           The palazzo is still and quiet. From outside Leila’s room, we 
           hear a LOCK TURN. 

           Leila sticks her head out into the hallway. It’s empty.

           INT. PALAZZO ARGENTI, DOWNSTAIRS - EVENING

           Leila tiptoes towards the front door. She’s almost there when 
           it OPENS, from the outside and two MASKED figures enter. 

           The masks are unnervingly animalistic. 

           Leila manages to duck behind a pillar just in time and the 
           pair make their way into the kitchen. 

           As soon as they are out of sight, Leila slips out.

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, PIAZZA - EVENING

           Long tables are laid for the great feast. Far more people 
           than attended Papé’s funeral. All wearing animal masks. 

           Wine flows freely and there is an air of debauchery. Joyous 
           celebration verging on lewd abandon. 

           Myrra sits at the head of the table. People come to kiss her 
           hand, kneel at her side. She is an empress.

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, SIDE STREET - EVENING

           Hiding in the shadows of a narrow side-street, Leila 
           witnesses the revelries. She must find another way out of the 
           walled village.

           She hurries back, into the alley, moving as fast as she can 
           away from the jackals feasting in the piazza.
           As she slips away she does not notice the LONE FIGURE 
           standing a hundred yards away. Watching. 

           From this distance it’s hard to tell if it’s a man or a 
           woman. In place of a human face, a PIG’S HEAD. 

           The porcine head cocks to one side. Slowly, silently, the 
           FIGURE starts to follow Leila down the quiet alley.

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE - EVENING

           The oil-burning torches cast a flickering light as Leila 
           stumbles down the maze-like alleyways.

           Suddenly, she spots something familiar: Emma’s house. 

           Like all the rest, the shutters are closed but there is a 
           crack of LIGHT inside.

           Leila POUNDS on the door, trying to keep her voice low.

                                 LEILA
                        Emma. Emma. Jesus Christ let me in. 

           The door CRACKS open. Aunt Zora’s wizened face peers out. 

           As soon as she sees Leila she tries to close the door on her 
           but Leila pushes her aside. 

           INT. EMMA’S HOUSE - NIGHT

           Leila barges in, shutting the door behind her and BOLTING it. 

           She ignores the old woman’s protests. She calls out: 

                                 LEILA
                        Emma, Emma?
                             (to Zora)
                        Where’s Emma? Dov’é Emma?

           Just then a VOICE from outside the door. A key in the lock.

                                 EMMA (O.C.)
                        Leila? Is that you?

           Leila rushes to the door, throwing back the bolt. 

           On the doorstep, Emma’s rosy cheeks are enough to bring tears 
           of joy to Leila’s eyes. Leila grabs her, pulling her inside.

           Zora’s muttered and incoherent PROTESTATIONS get louder. She 
           seems to be chanting or praying but they ignore her.
                                 EMMA (CONT’D)
                        What are you doing here? They told 
                        me you’d gone back to America. 

                                 LEILA
                             (exploding, jumbled)
                        They locked me up. They want my 
                        baby. They think it’s him - they’re 
                        going to cut it out. They’re trying 
                        to kill me. I have to find Tomaso. 

                                 EMMA
                        Woah. Slow down there. 
                             (to Zora, silencing her)
                        Zitto. 
                             (back to Leila)
                        Why don’t you sit down?

                                 LEILA
                        No, I have to go now. You have to 
                        get me out of the village. 

           Zora’s MUMBLINGS get louder as she continually CROSSES 
           herself. It builds until suddenly - 

           Emma SNAPS, SLAPPING Zora hard across the face with the back 
           of her hand. 

           The old woman falls to the floor. Leila is stunned. 

           She staggers back, away from Emma who tries to placate her. 
           Her kind Scottish voice is almost convincing.

                                 EMMA
                        Shhhh... Shhh... It’s okay. Don’t 
                        be scared, love. It’s still me. 

           Leila puts the kitchen table between them. 

                                 EMMA (CONT’D)
                        I’m here to help you. What’s 
                        happening tonight, it’s a great 
                        privilege. Don’t you see? 

           Emma’s eyes glisten with the religious zeal of a fanatic. 

                                 EMMA (CONT’D)
                        I’ve been waiting my whole life for 
                        a sign like this. Some meaning to 
                        our existence. It wasn’t until I 
                        met you that I understood why I was 
                        here. Why we’re all here. Papé’s 
                        showing us how to ascend. It’s a 
                        miracle. You are our miracle.
           Leila is shaking with rage. She looks around the KITCHEN for 
           a weapon as Emma CIRCLES slowly towards her. Her hand lights 
           on a MEAT MALLET. 

                                 LEILA
                        Stay back. You fucking psycho. 

           The kindness vanishes from Emma’s face. Hanging by the door, 
           Emma spots Zora’s rusty old SCYTHE. She grabs it, grinning. 

                                 LEILA (CONT’D)
                        You wouldn’t dare. I’m The Vessel.

                                 EMMA
                        You’re dying tonight anyway. I 
                        think they might thank me.  

           She SLASHES wildly across the table, blocking Leila’s only 
           way out and missing her by inches. 

           As Emma lunges again, she is suddenly RAMMED from behind.

           Zora has run full tilt into Emma, SPLAYING her over the 
           table, knocking over chairs. 

           Looking up from the table, Emma is livid.

           Before Leila can think, she SWINGS the mallet down hard on 
           Emma’s exposed TEMPLE. 

           And just like that, it’s over. 

           The scythe drops from Emma’s hand. She HANGS like a rag doll 
           across the kitchen table. 

           Leila lets the mallet fall. Frozen to the spot. 

           Zora shuffles around the table. She stoops to pick up the 
           fallen scythe and presses it into Leila’s hand.

           Solemnly she crosses herself then lifts a CRUCIFIX NECKLACE 
           from around her neck and places it over Leila’s head. 

           She unbolts the door, silently and gestures for Leila to run.

           EXT. EMMA’S HOUSE - NIGHT

           On the doorstep Emma’s MASK lies discarded by the door. Made 
           with pig’s ears and a dried snout it is grotesquely real.  

           The hollow eyes seem to follow Leila as she slips out of the 
           house and disappears down the street.
           I/E. STOLEN CAR, ROAD TO CASTIGLIONE - NIGHT

           Tomaso swerves dangerously fast up the winding mountain road 
           to Castiglione. The road is virtually empty but the tight 
           turns are perilous. 

           A sign at a junction points out the turning for Castiglione. 
           Tomaso is about to turn the wheel when he sees a carabinieri 
           barrier blocking the road. An officer stands by his car. 

           Tomaso PASSES without stopping. Around the next bend, he 
           pulls the car over to the side of the road. 

           EXT. WOODS - NIGHT

           It’s dark now as Tomaso moves ON FOOT through the woods a few 
           miles outside of Castiglione. He moves quickly, quietly.

           Below him, the road is just visible, along with the idling 
           carabiniere guarding the road.  

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE STREETS - NIGHT

           Leila hurries through the darkened streets of the village. 

           Ahead, she can see the closed MAIN GATE, only 100 yards away. 

           Suddenly, from an adjacent street a loud voice. 

                                 DEBORA (O.C.)
                        She’s gone. The Vessel is gone. 

           A tall male figure comes running into view, by the gate. He 
           checks the gate is still closed.

                                 SCARRED MAN 
                        She’s still inside the walls. 

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        Find her. If this is how she wants 
                        it, we will hunt her down. 

           Suddenly Leila sees figures FLITTING past the ends of each 
           alleyway. The Scarred Man stays to guard the gate.

           They scatter out to find her, WHOOPING with excitement, the 
           thrill of the chase. But in their masks, it is the animals 
           who are hunting Leila. 
           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, ALLEY - NIGHT

           With the sound of her pursuers all around her, Leila moves as 
           fast as she can through the cobbled streets. 

           She takes a narrow alley away from the voices, passing a 
           broken torch that drips FLAMING LIQUID onto the stones below. 

           The alleyway emerges by a portion of the wall we have seen 
           before: the PORTHOLE overlooking the vineyard. 

           Knowing that her time is limited, Leila rushes to the 
           porthole, clambering inside feet first. 

           The walls here are several feet thick and as Leila slips 
           inside the wall, shuffling forward on her back, the world 
           grows still and quiet. 

           All she can hear is her own heartbeat, POUNDING in her ears. 

           Her legs reach the other side. 

           She clutches the scythe in one hand as she uses the other to 
           propel herself forward. Suddenly a SOUND behind her. 

           LEILA’S POV:

           She tilts her head up to look behind her. Framed by the 
           porthole, the upside-down face of a grotesque humanoid RABBIT 
           looks back at her quizzically. 

           BACK TO SCENE. 

           The Rabbit Man lets out an ear-piercing SHRILL, alerting the 
           others to the location of their quarry. 

           He reaches into the wall, GRABBING at her hair. 

           Leila SWINGS the scythe inside the narrow opening. 

           It does little but buy her enough time to get clear of the 
           porthole. She finds herself on the terraces on the other side 
           of the wall. She is out. 

           The Rabbit Man is already inside the porthole pulling himself 
           through, arms first. His HANDS emerge on the other side.

           Leila brings the scythe down HARD, partially SEVERING both 
           hands at the wrists. 

           The Rabbit Man CRIES out, his voice ECHOING in the stone 
           wall. All that is visible are his bloody hands.

           Leila takes off. 
           Slowed greatly by her size, she must virtually sit to slide 
           down the terraces. 

           But the cries of her pursuers grow louder as she hears a 
           wrought-iron SIDE-GATE being opened.

           Dozens of people SPILL out of the walls and into the 
           vineyards, each carrying a burning torch.

           Her breath comes quick and fast. That sheer visceral panic of 
           being chased. 

           On this dark moonless night, she can see their flaming 
           torches closing in on her. Surrounding her. 

           Soon there is no where to turn. The torches come closer and 
           closer, revealing their carriers one by one as they encircle 
           Leila. 

           Unarmed now, and too tired and breathless to run, Leila is at 
           their mercy. 

           She SPINS, looking from one to the next, backing away but 
           unable to escape. 

           Suddenly a firm ARM grabs her from behind. 

           A man in a WILD BOAR mask, complete with bristles and tusks, 
           holds her still as he PLUNGES a SYRINGE in her neck. 

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, MAIN GATE - NIGHT

           Tomaso approaches the main gate, sweat-drenched and covered 
           in scratches. 

           The village seems very still. There are no lights in the 
           vineyard now and no hunting cries. 

           The gate is CLOSED but seems unguarded. Tomaso reaches his 
           arm through to unbolt the gate.

           Suddenly, Tomaso’s arm is grabbed. 

           The Scarred Man pulls Tomaso forward, up against the bars, 
           and quickly plunges a SWITCH-BLADE between his ribs. 

           Caught totally by surprise, Tomaso falls back, clutching his 
           bleeding side. 

           He has fallen at the last hurdle. 

           The Scarred Man opens the gate wide and approaches Tomaso. He 
           seems nervous, pulling off his FEATHERED MASK.
                                 SCARRED MAN
                        Forgive me. It was decreed. 

           He kneels by the side of the man whose hand he kissed not 
           long ago and who now lies dying. 

           Tomaso’s LIPS begin to move as he stares up at the night sky. 

           The Scarred Man leans down to hear him. 

           As he does Tomaso GRABS his head in both hands, HEAD-BUTTING 
           him hard, SHATTERING his nose instantly. 

           In seconds Tomaso is on top of him, down on the ground, still 
           clutching the Scarred Man’s SKULL between his hands. 

           Bleeding, driven by pure adrenaline and bile, Tomaso SMASHES 
           the man’s head again and again on the unforgiving pavement. 

           The Scarred Man’s limbs go LIMP after the first impact. By 
           the third, fourth, fifth, he is DEAD.

           Tomaso releases him, sickened by his own actions.

           He staggers to his feet, picking up the Scarred Man’s mask 
           and putting it on as he slips inside the walled village.

           He is BLEEDING badly as he makes his way towards the palazzo. 

           EXT. CASTIGLIONE, SIDE STREET - NIGHT

           The streets are eerily quiet as Tomaso rounds the corner and 
           comes in sight of the palazzo. 

           He sees Francesca carrying a BAG in one hand, a sleeping 
           Piero on her hip. She is escaping. 

           She FREEZES when she sees him in the mask. She tries to cover 
           her fear with anger.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        What are you doing here? You’re 
                        meant to be guarding the gate?

           Tomaso stumbles, the blood-loss making him weak. The mask 
           falls from his face as he drops to one knee.

           Seeing it is Tomaso, Francesca rushes to his side. 

                                 FRANCESCA (CONT’D)
                        Tomaso. What happened? How did you 
                        get here? My god-
                                 TOMASO
                             (pushing her off)
                        Get away from me. You’re one of 
                        them. Where’s Leila?

                                 FRANCESCA
                        I’m not part of this. I won’t be 
                        part of it. I just want to get 
                        Piero away from here.  

                                 TOMASO
                             (slurred)
                        Leila.

                                 FRANCESCA
                             (gasping at the sight of 
                              his wound)
                        Let me help you. 

                                 TOMASO
                        Don’t touch me. Where’s Leila?

           But Francesca pays no heed. She pulls a scarf from her neck 
           and ties it tightly around his ribs. He winces but the 
           bleeding seems to slow.

                                 FRANCESCA
                        Leila is in the church. We may be 
                        to late to stop them but I’ll help 
                        you. 
                             (helping him stand)
                        You’re my brother. Your blood is my 
                        blood. Your shame is my shame. 

           She tries to look brave but as Tomaso looks at her, clutching 
           little Piero to her chest, he can see that she is trembling. 

                                 TOMASO
                        No. Get out of here. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        I can help you. I can-

                                 TOMASO
                        Take the boy. Keep him safe. 

                                 FRANCESCA
                        What will you do?

                                 TOMASO
                        I’m going to kill them all.
           INT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           Leila comes to in unfamiliar surroundings. 

           LEILA’S POV: Directly overhead, an enormous FRESCO ceiling 
           depicts a WOMAN, saintly-looking, NAKED. Her face very 
           recognizable as Leila’s.

           But her body has been transformed. Her abdomen is QUARTERED 
           and peeled back like a blooming rose, a perfect INFANT 
           emerging from her womb. 

           Everything goes BLACK as Leila screws her eyes SHUT. 

           Over the BLACKNESS we hear a CHATING, low at first but 
           growing louder. Dozens of voices in perfect union. 

                                 CROWD
                        Papé Satàn, Papé Satàn Aleppe. Papé 
                        Satàn, Papé Satàn Aleppe.

           It is the invocation of Plutus in the seventh circle of 
           Dante’s Inferno. A chant that builds to an ecstatic frenzy. 

           LEILA’S POV:

           Opening her eyes once again, Leila looks around her. 

           The crowd of palazzo members encircle her, swaying as one. 
           Many are topless, some naked. All MASKED. 

           The old church has been gutted and white washed, temple now 
           to a different sort of religion. 

           In the light of the burning torches, the skin of the 
           assembled crowd seems to glow. 

           Leila looks up. A woman stands over her wearing a 
           particularly insidious FOX mask. Myrra.

           At her feet, the Wild Boar Man is recognizable as Dr Rossi. 
           He prepares a tray of simple surgical tools. 

           BACK TO SCENE.

           Leila is TIED DOWN, spread-eagled, to an altar-like table at 
           the centre of the empty church. 

           She has been dressed in a virginal white robe.

           Myrra raises her hands and the crowd come to a perfect STOP. 
                                 MYRRA
                        And just as it was prophesied so 
                        shall it be done. 

           She reaches out and takes an ORNAMENTAL KNIFE from Dr Rossi.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                             (as if quoting scripture)
                        “Father’s soul shall through pure 
                        blood ascend. From death he came 
                        and now through death returns”. 

           Myrra raises the knife and Leila awaits the fatal blow. 

           But Myrra takes the knife to her own palm, SLICING it open. 

           She lets the BLOOD pump from the wound and then places a 
           bloody HANDPRINT upon Leila’s white robe. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        “Return to me, and through my blood 
                        return. Papé Satàn.”

           She mutters this like a blessing, over the prostrate Leila. 

           Terrified, Leila appeals to Myrra, quietly pleading.

                                 LEILA
                        It’s not real. Please. It’s not 
                        real.  

           Myrra leans in very CLOSE, hovering her face over Leila’s. 
           She WHISPERS only loud enough for Leila to hear. 

                                 MYRRA
                        Don’t you see? They believe and so 
                        they’ll make it real. 

           She looks Leila dead in the eye as she slowly stands, a cold, 
           wicked smile dancing on her lips. The embodiment of evil.

           She hands the knife to someone else. 

           This man slices his hand open and copies Myrra’s invocation.

                                 MASKED MEMBER
                        “Return to me, and through my blood 
                        return. Papé Satàn”.

           The knife is passed on as hand after bloody hand is pressed 
           upon Leila’s body. 

           The waiting crowd begin to CHANT and DANCE as excitement 
           builds and the ritual continues.
           EXT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           Tomaso follows the sound of the chanting towards the church. 
           The door is ajar, the HEAVY-DUTY PADLOCK now hanging OPEN. 

           He pulls the feathered mask back down over his face.

           INT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           Tomaso slips inside. He is visibly taken aback to see how 
           many people fill the empty church. 

           All eyes are on the centre of the room as people jump, dance, 
           sway and convulse with fanatical fervor. 

           He can only make out glimpses of the woman in the white robe 
           splayed out on the platform like a sacrificial lamb.

           It takes everything in him not to rush straight to Leila’s 
           side. 

           Shirtless, bloodied and wearing his mask, Tomaso’s presence 
           elicits no attention. 

           Stealthily, he moves around taking in the situation.

           His eyes light on a pair of OIL-CANNISTERS, used to fill the 
           torches. 

           LEILA’S POV:

           We feel Leila’s overwhelming sense of TERROR and 
           vulnerability as people continue to touch her. The sea of 
           faces blurry around her. 

           BLACKNESS as she SHUTS her eyes. 

           She opens them again.

           Through the naked, sweating bodies, she catches a GLIMPSE of 
           a familiar figure. It’s only a split-second but something 
           about him is different to everyone else. 

           She screws her eyes SHUT.

                                                              FLASH TO:

           CLOSE ON: Two hands, fingers intertwined against a New York 
           skyline. A jarring, split-second image.

                                                               BACK TO:

           LEILA’S POV:
           The man in the FEATHERED MASK moves around the perimeter of 
           the room, slowly, carefully. He’s carrying something. 

           She loses him again.

                                                              FLASH TO:

           CLOSE ON: Tomaso’s hand, slipping a simple WEDDING BAND onto 
           Leila’s finger. A bright, beautiful, split-second image.

                                                               BACK TO:

           LEILA’S POV:

           Leila CRANES desperately to see, glimpsing the man again. She 
           knows that frame, that body, that wedding ring. It’s Tomaso. 

           BACK TO SCENE. 

           Tomaso’s body and hair GLISTEN wetly as he continues to move 
           around the room, POURING out the contents of a second 
           canister of oil.

           Rivulets of OIL trickle across the floor, unnoticed by the 
           crowd who grab and jostle one another, joyously. 

           Everyone’s skin is slick with SWEAT in the stifling room. 

           Suddenly, someone SEIZES Tomaso, spinning him around. 

           For a moment, he thinks he’s been discovered. 

           But the woman simply passes him the KNIFE, gesturing for him 
           to approach The Vessel. 

           Tomaso allows the oil-can to drop to the floor, where it 
           continues to spill its liquid contents. 

           Knife in hand he pushes his way to the centre of the room.

           There she is, his wife, almost full-term, covered in bloody 
           handprints, terrified and helpless. 

           He stands over her, looking her in the eye. 

           She knows it is him, even in that mask. 

           She shakes her head from side to side, tears flowing freely.

                                 LEILA
                        No. No no no no no. 
                        Not you. Not you. Not you.
           Tomaso leans down, bringing his face close to Leila’s. He 
           does not have long. Some are already looking at him 
           suspiciously. 

                                 TOMASO
                             (whispered)
                        Do you trust me?

           The sound of his voice seems to calm Leila immediately. 

           She looks him in the eye. She nods. 

           He strokes her hair, lovingly. One last tender moment. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                             (whispered)
                        I love you so much Leila.

           He raises the knife high over head. 

           In one swooping motion he SEVERS the ties around her wrists. 

           Immediately the crowd SURGE forward a step. But Tomaso brings 
           the knife to Leila’s huge pregnant belly. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Don’t move. Step back. 

           Everyone freezes. The room is silent. 

           Tomaso helps Leila to sit up, keeping the knife by her belly. 
           Her legs are still tied at the ankles. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                             (to the closest man)
                        You. Cut her free.

           The man does not move. 

                                 TOMASO (CONT’D)
                        Do it or I’ll kill the baby. I 
                        swear to god. 

           The man wavers, about to step forward when a VOICE stops him. 

                                 MYRRA (O.C.)
                        Stop. He’s bluffing. 

           The crowd parts to reveal Myrra. She pushes off her mask. She 
           seems amused by Tomaso’s show of bravery.

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        The prodigal son returns. 
                                 TOMASO
                             (to the same man)
                        Untie her feet. Now. 

           But Myrra is back in control. 

                                 MYRRA
                        You would never hurt that child, 
                        Tomaso. We all know it. You want 
                        that baby even more than we do. 

           For a moment, SILENCE. Tomaso’s bluff has been called. The 
           balance of power has shifted. 

           But then Leila speaks, her voice SOFT, CALM. She speaks to 
           Tomaso as if they were alone. Looking only at him.

                                 LEILA
                        All I ever needed was you. You are 
                        my family. 
                             (placing her hand on his)
                        And if Papé is truly inside me, 
                        this isn’t our baby.

           Myrra hears the truth in Leila’s voice. She sees Leila’s hand 
           on Tomaso’s, the tip of the knife GRAZING her belly.

                                 MYRRA
                             (scared now)
                        Untie her. Now. Hurry.

           Two people step forward and quickly free Leila’s feet. 

           Tomaso hoists her up, pulling her protectively under his arm, 
           the knife incongruously still threatening her body. 

           Everyone backs away from them as they shuffle slowly towards 
           the door. 

                                 MYRRA (CONT’D)
                        Let them go. How far can they get?

           Tomaso grimaces, the wound in his side bleeding more heavily 
           with the exertion. 

           Leila notices. She looks up at him, afraid. 

           He is dying. 

           CLOSE ON:

           Leila’s face they shuffle towards the door, the crowd parted 
           before them. She must be strong.
           Tomaso is pale. He leans into her neck, smelling her hair. He 
           WHISPERS something in her ear. 

           We do not hear what he says, but from the tears that well in 
           Leila’s eyes, we know it is goodbye. 

           BACK TO SCENE.

           The door is within reach, two burning sconces beside it. 

           Tomaso pulls away from Leila for a second. 

           He presses something into her hand. We do not see what. 

           He leans in and kisses her, deeply. So full of love. 

           LEILA’S POV:

           Silence. 

           At first we think it is just the muted silence of the crowd, 
           but as Tomaso pulls back from the kiss, his lips move and we 
           hear nothing. 

           For a moment, the world seems to move in slow motion. 

           Leila STAGGERS back, pushed by Tomaso. Those two silent words 
           still on his lips. 

           Suddenly she is OUTSIDE under the star-pricked night sky. 

           BACK TO SCENE. 

           Sound and time EXPLODE back like a blow to the head. 

           Tomaso has just pushed Leila out through the door. 

           As he SLAMS the doors closed in her face, he screams out 
           those same two words:

                                 TOMASO
                        Lock it. 

           EXT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           Leila looks down at the object in her hand. It is the heavy-
           duty PADLOCK. 

           Knowing what she must do, she loops the padlock across the 
           latch, SEALING the church closed. 

           Tomaso and dozens of other people inside. 
           INT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           Without Leila as leverage, Tomaso has seconds before the 
           crowd are upon him. 

           He reaches for the FLICKERING TORCH. 

           Just as they close in on him he throws it at his feet. 

           Immediately, he is ALIGHT as the floor of the church EXPLODES 
           into flame, engulfing Tomaso and everyone else inside.

           EXT. VILLAGE CHURCH - NIGHT

           From outside, the sound of SCREAMING is suddenly MUTED.  

           The thick oak door of the church RATTLES for a few moments 
           until eventually it stops.

           High above, the stained-glass windows of the church GLOW as 
           the inferno builds inside.

           Leila is nowhere to be seen. 

           EXT. ROAD TO CASTIGLIONE - NIGHT

           On the empty road, a lone figure staggers, barefoot, towards 
           freedom. It is quiet here, peaceful.

           Painted in bloody handprints, Leila looks strangely beautiful 
           in the pre-dawn light that bathes the mountainside. 

                                 TOMASO (V.O.)
                        They’re right, Leila. The baby is 
                        special. 

           CLOSE ON: Leila’s eyes, red-rimmed, exhausted. 

                                                                CUT TO:

           Leila’s eyes, just MOMENTS BEFORE, as Tomaso leans into her 
           neck, whispering in her ear. Only now, we can hear him, his 
           final words at the church. An intimate, private moment.

                                 TOMASO 
                        It’s special because it’s ours. 
                        Yours and mine and no one else’s.

                                                               BACK TO:

           Leila walks on, remembering Tomaso’s parting words as tears 
           stream down her face. She clutches her stomach protectively. 
                                 TOMASO (V.O.)
                        If he lives, I live. Protect him 
                        always. 

           Weary and heart-broken, Leila stumbles. 

                                 TOMASO (V.O.)
                        Love him like I love you. My heart, 
                        my life, my love.  

           Just as she is about to give up, Leila sees someone coming 
           towards her on the road. Two figures, rushing to her aide.

           Francesca swoops towards her, scooping her up, keeping her on 
           her feet. Leila is no longer alone. 

           Together with Piero, the two women hold each other up as they 
           slowly make their way towards a new life. 

           INT. DELTA AIRLINES FLIGHT - DAY

           A plane soars high above the clouds where the sky is white 
           and pristine. 

           A stewardess passes through the cabin handing out landing 
           cards for arrival in New York. 

           Leila sits by the window, staring out at the white sky. 

           She turns to see a BABY, only a few weeks old, in a travel 
           cot beside her. 

           Tenderly she reaches out and strokes his cheek. She smiles, a 
           mother in love. His face, with its tiny features, is perfect. 

           He reaches up, wrapping his tiny hand around one of her 
           fingers. He seems to look directly at her. 

                                                         FADE TO BLACK.
