                                    THE LODGE 
                                 (working title)  

                              Original screenplay by 

                                  Sergio Casci 

                               Current revisions by 

                         Veronika Franz and Severin Fiala 

                                To be directed by 

                         Veronika Franz and Severin Fiala 

                                    May 2017  
           (1) INT. CHURCH - DAY (90s VIDEO) 

           Several short grainy Hi8 video recordings from the 90s.  

           A bald man with a long beard - apparently kind of a PRIEST - 
           speaking to his disciples. 

                                 PRIEST  
                        Who believes that God can do anything?  

           The camera swerves to the people sitting in the pews of a 
           plain modern wooden church. More a barn than a stone-built 
           house of God. These are men, women, and children, all dressed 
           very similarly in simple beige and yellow. Hands rise. Mothers 
           hold up the hands of their children who are seated beside them 
           or on their laps.  

                                 PRIEST (CONT’D) 
                        God can do anything. So let us pray:  
                        I do what you want me to do. 

                                 ALL 
                        I do what you want me to do.    

                                 PRIEST  
                        I say what you want me to say. 

                                 ALL   
                        I say what you want me to say.     

                                 PRIEST 
                        I think what you want me to think. 

                                 ALL 
                        I think what you want me to think. 

           CUT TO BLACK 

           (2) INT. CHURCH – DAY (90s VIDEO) 

           Fearful eyes. The pale face of a red-headed twelve-year-old 
           GIRL. She’s tense. The camera zooms towards her. The image is 
           blurred, then comes into focus. The girl’s eyes wander around 
           a room we cannot see. Observing people we can only hear. They 
           are singing a religious song.   

                                 CONGREGATION (O.S.) 
                        Then sings my soul 
                        My Savior, God, to Thee 
                        How great thou art 
                        How great thou art 
           Two hands appear above the girl’s head. They are folded in 
           prayer. Suddenly the hands open, blood runs down onto the 
           girl, colors her face red, runs down onto the girl’s white 
           dress. The hands fetch new blood off-screen, once more pouring 
           it over the girl. We are witnessing a sinister baptism.  

           A hand makes a cross on the girl’s forehead, smearing the 
           blood. The camera zooms away. Now we see the priest from 
           earlier making this cross, beside him a pail of blood. 

           CUT TO BLACK 

           (3) INT. KITCHEN - DAY (90s VIDEO)  

           The video camera turns on again, and again the first images 
           are blurred. A common room with a long table. A flock of 
           disciples, still clothed in beige and yellow, sit around the 
           table. An elderly lady is serving bean stew with a ladle. The 
           walls are overly decorated with religious imagery: posters 
           beside naive drawings of Mary and Jesus, stickers beside 
           plastic figures of saints.  

           Seated at the table is the bald priest. He rises and opens his 
           arms as if to bless the food. The palms of his hands show 
           heavy scar tissue. To his left: the red-headed girl and a 12-
           year-old BOY with a port-wine stain across his face. The 
           camera shakily zooms towards the boy: tears are running down 
           the port-wine stain. The red-headed girl, his sister, looks at 
           him pityingly but does nothing. The boy’s mouth is glued shut 
           with broad red duct tape. Written on the tape in black is the 
           word “SIN.” In front of him, as if to taunt him, a full plate 
           of food. 

           CUT TO BLACK 

           (4) INT. CHURCH - DAY (90s VIDEO) 

           Zoom towards the palm of a girl’s delicate hand. Suddenly, the 
           tip of a knife boring into the palm, blood flowing.  

                        SHRILL SCREAMS OF PAIN (O.S.) 

           Blood drips onto a plastic figurine of the Virgin Mary. This, 
           too, appears a little like a baptism.  

           CUT TO BLACK  

                        SCREAMING CONTINUES (O.S) 

                                  THE LODGE 
           TITLE 
           (5) INT./EXT. HOUSE/YARD - NIGHT (PRESENT) 

           Night. Silence. We are floating towards the door of a typical 
           American home with a front yard. Instead of entering, we 
           slowly glide up the wall along a drain pipe, pass dark windows 
           until we reach one that is dimly lit. This recalls the famous 
           scene out of Dario Argento’s Tenebrae. We look into the half-
           lit room, we glide inside. 

           A pink girl’s room. Not a person in sight. Just a bed, a white 
           dresser, a child’s desk. A small, lit floor-lamp. It’s 
           surprisingly tidy. 

                                 LAURA (O.S.) 
                        Mia?  

           We leave the room, glide through the door, come to a hallway 
           with stairs, still no one in sight. We keep moving, down the 
           stairs and into a typical American kitchen.  

           Round the kitchen table, a family: mother, father, a teenaged 
           boy, a younger girl. Here, too, everything is strangely quiet. 
           We see that the table is set, we see four plates, each with a 
           steak, bright yellow corn on the cob, and green salad. A 
           little too green.   

                                 LAURA (O.S.) 
                           (calling loudly) 
                        Mia?! 

           A blinding light switches on. Suddenly, the whole room begins 
           to shake. The house starts to move. Only now do we notice that 
           the food - the steak, the corn - is made of plastic, as are 
           the people surrounding it. These are dolls in a doll’s house, 
           the father doll falls off his seat.   

           We see LAURA - a beautiful, red-headed woman in her late 30s 
           wearing a slightly rushed expression - pushing the doll’s 
           house aside to check if her daughter is hiding under the bed. 
           Nothing. Laura sighs in irritation and looks around the rest 
           of the room, annoyed. It’s pink and looks astonishingly like 
           the girl’s room in the dollhouse. 

                                 LAURA 
                        We’re leaving!!! 

           Laura is now sounding pretty impatient. She pulls the Mama-
           Doll out of the dollhouse and places her in a red toy car on 
           the desk, right beside a professional looking microscope and a 
           mason jar filled with scrimmaging sea monkeys.  

           Laura takes one last irritated look around the room. 
           (6) INT. LAURA’S HOUSE - DAY  

           Laura leaves the bedroom, goes out into the hall. She keeps 
           calling.  

                                 LAURA  
                             (stressed) 
                        Mia!! Aiden!! We REALLY need to go. This 
                        isn’t funny anymore.   

           She opens the door to a second room, looks in, searching. 

           (7) INT. MIA’S BEDROOM - DAY  

           A small hand takes the two dolls - the teenager and the girl - 
           out of the dollhouse. The father doll stays behind, on the 
           floor. The hand places the two dolls in the toy car with the 
           mother. Then the hand lifts the car off the desk. 

           (8) INT./EXT. CAR - DAY  

           Blinding sunlight. The window of a yellow station wagon is 
           lowered. Behind it we see MIA, age 10, with an intelligent, 
           alert gaze. She is holding her face into the cool head wind. 
           Parked beside her on the backseat is the red car as well as 
           Mia’s brother AIDEN, age 15, a teenager who has grown tall a 
           little too quickly. He is wearing headphones. 

                        MUFFLED PUNK ROCK MUSIC  
                        FROM HEADPHONES 

           The mother Laura is sitting at the wheel, rummaging in her 
           bag, which is placed on the passenger seat.  

                                 LAURA 
                           (reproachfully, to the kids) 
                        We’re 20 minutes late! 

           Laura is glancing rapidly back and forth between the bag and 
           the road, pulling out her makeup kit. At a stop light, Laura 
           grabs the rearview mirror and looks into it: fine lines around 
           the eyes, fine lines around the mouth. She puts on makeup as 
           neatly and quickly as she can. Mascara, eyeliner. She is 
           sweating, and the make-up starts to run a little. When the 
           light turns green, she keeps the open lipstick in her hand, 
           grabs the steering wheel, and continues to drive, ready to 
           apply it at the next stoplight.  

                                 MIA  
                        Is she going to be there?  

                                 LAURA 
                           (not really paying attention)  
                        I don’t know. 

                                 MIA 
                        She’s such a retard! 

                                 LAURA 
                              (strict) 
                        That’s an ugly word.  

           (9) INT. CAR - DAY  

           Laura, now nicely made up, parks in front of a large house. 
           She checks her face in the rearview mirror one last time and 
           gets out of the car.  

           (10) EXT. IN FRONT OF RICHARD’S HOUSE - DAY  

           Laura wants to close the car door but falters: she sees a 
           movement behind one of the curtains in the upper level of the 
           house. She briefly hesitates and looks up. The shadowy figure 
           of a woman appears to be standing behind the curtain. 

           Laura slams the car door, almost aggressively. Grumpily, she 
           grabs two travel bags out of the trunk. Only now does she 
           realize neither Mia nor Aiden have made any indication of 
           getting out. She calls warningly into the back of the car:  

                                 LAURA 
                           (a little harsher than necessary) 
                        You guys waiting for the second coming?  

           Sluggishly the kids start gathering their things off the back 
           seat. Then they get out of the car.  

           The door of the house is opened, RICHARD, early 40s, alert 
           face, masculine, no pretty boy, is standing in the doorway. He 
           waves at Mia and Aiden.  

           Mia reacts with excitement, runs towards Richard. Aiden 
           follows, rather chilly. 

           At the door, Richard hugs Mia. Aiden, standing further off, 
           doesn’t make an effort to greet him.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (with feigned strictness) 
                        You too, Mister! 

           Whereupon Aiden hugs his father a little half-heartedly. 

           Irritated, Laura lifts the kids’ bags and casts one last 
           glance towards the first floor window. The female figure from 
           earlier has disappeared.   
           Just then, Richard draws a 10-dollar bill out of his pocket. 
           He presses the money into Mia’s hand.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Go get some candy... Mom and I need to 
                        talk. 

           Laura, the kids’ bags still in hand, is visibly surprised and 
           is about to call after the kids, when Mia gets in first:  

                                 MIA 
                           (smarty pants) 
                        No corn-syrup, gelatine, or artificial 
                        colors! 

           Laura can’t help smiling. 

           (11) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE - DAY  

           Laura and Richard in an expensive kitchen, obviously new and 
           seemingly barely used.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Tea..? Coffee..? 

           Laura doesn’t respond, she looks around questioningly, nods 
           towards the ceiling. No need to pose the question.  

                                 RICHARD 
                             (terse) 
                        She isn’t here.   

           Laura nods but remains skeptical.  

                                 LAURA 
                        Then I’ll have coffee... 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Hope I have some. Gave it up a while 
                        back.   

           Richard fills a kettle, turns it on.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (holds up a jar) 
                        Instant? 

           Laura nods absently. 

                                 LAURA 
                           (direct) 
                        You wanted to talk. 

           Richard seems a little uncertain. 
                                 RICHARD 
                        Yes...  

           He turns away from Laura and spoons coffee into a cup.  

                             A DOOR SLAMS (O.S.) 

           Laura turns toward the noise. Through a screen door, she sees 
           what looks like a female figure scurry out. Hard to tell. 
           Laura decides not to get into it. Likewise Richard. He tries 
           to say something, he’s uncomfortable.  

                                 RICHARD 
                              (hesitant) 
                        Grace and I... we... we’re going to get 
                        married. This April. 

           Though Laura's expression doesn't change, her entire 
           body seems to slump in a barely perceptible way. 

                                 RICHARD (CONT’D) 
                           (even more uncertain) 
                        ...we... we need to finalize our divorce 
                        soon...  

           Richard seems very anxious about how Laura will react. Laura 
           however, in shock, seems incapable of reacting at all. Instead 
           of making a scene, she simply turns around and leaves.  

           Richard, perplexed, watches her go. 

           (12) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE - EVENING  

           Mikado-sticks are dropped and fall on top of one another on 
           the living room floor. A child’s hand picks one up with 
           extreme care. Suddenly:  

                                 AIDEN 
                          (cries out in triumph) 
                        It moved! 

                                 MIA  
                        You only saw it ‘cause you wanted to see 
                        it!  

                                 AIDEN  
                        Bullshit!  

           Mia turns towards her father.  
                                 MIA  
                        Dad..! What's it called again..? When 
                        you see something 'cause you want to see 
                        it?  

                                 RICHARD  
                        Cheating.  

                                 MIA  
                        The science word!  

           Richard smiles, proud of his daughter.  

                                 RICHARD  
                        Perception bias.  

           Mia throws her brother a look of triumph.  

                                 AIDEN  
                        That’s two words. And it’s still 
                        bullshit..! 

           Aiden messes up the Mikado sticks in annoyance. He heads to 
           the sofa, pulling his phone out of his pocket, and starts 
           playing on it.  

                                 MIA  
                        You’ve already had your two hours. 

           Aiden ignores her, which makes Mia even angrier. She turns to 
           her father. 

                                 MIA 
                        Papa?  

           Richard looks up from his laptop. 

                                 RICHARD 
                             (soothingly) 
                        You can go ahead, too. 

           He smiles at Mia, who looks at her father with wide eyes. 

                                 RICHARD (CONT’D) 
                        Just don’t tell Mama. 
                           (conspiratorial) 
                        You know what she’s like.   

           (13) INT. LAURAS HOUSE - EVENING  

           A talk-show host on the radio laughing with his guests. Laura 
           stands at the sink, carefully picking dead petals and leaves 
           from a vase of white lilies. 
           When she's finished, she puts the leaves down the garbage 
           disposal, then walks across the room, places the vase next to 
           her purse on the family-sized table, adjusts a couple of 
           flowers, examines her handiwork, then sits down. 

           She pours the remainder of a bottle of wine into a glass and 
           takes a sip, staring at the flowers as she does. She finishes 
           her glass, then pushes the cork back into the empty bottle. 

           For a long moment, she sits motionless and staring, the only 
           sound coming from the radio. 

           And then - in a single, almost casual movement - she takes a 
           small handgun from her purse, places the nozzle in her mouth 
           and pulls the trigger. 

           The talk-show host chats away cheerfully as blood trickles 
           down the wall. 

                                                           CUT TO BLACK    

                                 AGAIN LAUGHTER ON 
                                 THE RADIO, THEN 
                                 TOTAL SILENCE. 

                                 AND EVEN MORE 
                                 SILENCE.  

                                 THEN: SEVERAL KNOCKS 
                                 ON A DOOR 

           (14) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE – LATE MORNING                        

           Richard is wearing a black suit. He is standing at the door to 
           a room on the second floor of his house, knocking on the door. 
           No reaction. He jiggles the knob, it’s locked. He knocks 
           again.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (carefully) 
                        Mia?!  

           Mia has apparently locked herself in. Richard is at a loss.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Mia? Come on… will you please come out… 
                        please!  

           But the door remains closed. Richard’s stumped. He 
           goes to the top of the stairs.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (calling down) 
                        Aiden?! Aiden?! Can you come up here a 
                        sec? I need your help. 

           Then he turns to Mia’s door again, twists the knob.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Mia!? 

           Aiden comes up the stairs.  

           (15) INT. AT MIA’S DOOR – LATE MORNING                   

           Aiden is sitting on the floor, talking to Mia through the 
           closed door. We can’t really hear what he’s saying. Again and 
           again he sends her texts from his phone. Eventually, the door 
           opens as if by an invisible hand. 

           (16) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE – LATE MORNING                   

           Richard in the living room. He is speaking urgently into his 
           phone. 

                                 RICHARD 
                             (irritated) 
                        Yes… lilies… Hall C… C… we went through 
                        all this last week... 

           Out of the corner of his eyes Richard notices Mia and Aiden 
           coming down the stairs together, holding hands. At first, he 
           seems relieved. Then he frowns: Aiden is appropriately dressed 
           in a black suit, but Mia is wearing a white dress.  

                                 RICHARD 
                             (into phone) 
                        Sorry, will be right with you...  

           Richard holds his hand over the receiver.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (to Mia) 
                        Why aren’t you wearing the pretty black 
                        dress we bought just for the funeral?  

           Mia looks at her father and shrugs.  

                                 RICHARD 
                            (into phone) 
                        Hello?... Yes... call you right back.  

           Richard hangs up and bends down to Mia. He touches her head.  

                                 RICHARD 
                               (tenderly) 
                        Darling. Everybody’s going to be in 
                        black. You’ll be the only one in white.   

           He looks at his daughter imploringly.  

                                 RICHARD (CONT’D) 
                        You’ll stand out.  

           Mia still won’t reply, Richard gets down on his knees to talk 
           to Mia.  

                                 RICHARD (CONT’D) 
                        Hmm? 

           Mia finally answers, with much effort.  

                                 MIA 
                           (halting, with a soft voice) 
                         ... Mama liked it so much...and I never 
                        wore it.   

           In her hand, Mia is clutching the Mama-Doll that we know from 
           her dollhouse. She, too, is wearing a white dress. 

           (17) EXT. CEMETERY – LATE MORNING                   

           Blinding sunlight. The face of the Mama-Doll in close-up. 
           Rigid expression, large blue eyes, long lashes.  

                                 PRIEST (O.S.) 
                        She was always there for her family, a 
                        help to anyone in need. That is how we 
                        will keep her in our hearts.  

           The doll in white is listening with unchanged 
           expression.  

                                 PRIEST (OFF, CONT’D) 
                        Birth and death are two doors through 
                        which we must tread... 

           Mia, clutching the Mama-Doll, is rubbing her eyes. They are 
           red from crying. Her tormented face contrasts starkly to the 
           stiff smile of the plastic doll. At her side stands her 
           brother Aiden, pale, deeply sad, head down. Beside him his 
           father, holding Aiden’s shoulders helplessly. Behind them, 
           countless mourners.  
           The sun is burning down. Again and again, the guests wipe 
           their eyes with hankies. But they also wipe their brows, 
           napes, and bald spots - that’s how hot it is. Sweat stains 
           shirts. As predicted, everyone apart from Mia is wearing 
           black. She is the one white spot in a black sea of sorrow. The 
           priest is still speaking, Mia can’t seem to hear him. Her gaze 
           wanders into the distance. She spots a twenty-something-year-
           old woman watching from a copse of trees in the distance.   

                                 PRIEST (OFF, CONT’D) 
                        ...let’s take each other by the hand...  

           Mia has just heard this when Aiden is already taking her right 
           hand. Another guest takes Mia’s left hand. By the time Mia’s 
           looked back to the copse of trees, the female figure has 
           disappeared.  

           (18) EXT. CEMETERY – LATE MORNING                   

           Mourners hold black balloons in their hands, as if awaiting a 
           command. Attached to the balloons are phials filled with 
           letters and notes. Richard nods at Aiden, who starts a song on 
           his iPhone. Music comes from small wireless boxes beside the 
           coffin. “Sailing” by Rod Stewart.  

                                 ROD STEWART 
                        I am sailing, I am sailing 
                        Home again 'cross the sea 
                        I am sailing, stormy waters 
                        To be near you, to be free... 

           Mia tucks a handwritten note into a phial attached to the 
           string of her balloon. Tearfully, she then ties this string 
           around the Mama-Doll. She wants to send the doll straight to 
           heaven along with her message. But fixing the string to the 
           doll isn’t that easy. Aiden tries helping his sister, but she 
           pushes him away: she wants to do this herself. When she’s 
           finally done, Richard nods. Everyone – including Aiden and Mia 
           - lets their balloons go. The balloons rise to heaven.  

           Except Mia’s balloon. Mama-Doll is too heavy. Slowly the doll 
           sinks back to the ground. Mia’s eyes are filled with tears, 
           tears of anger. With a fierce yank, she pulls the string off 
           the doll. Now the balloon rises towards the sky. Without a 
           note, without a doll.  

           The flying balloons briefly darken the tranquil sky and then 
           sprinkle black across the blue. We watch the balloons go until 
           the little black dots have disappeared. Suddenly, snowflakes 
           start to fall. We pan down, suddenly no longer in a cemetery, 
           it’s no longer summer, soft snowy wind blows across the street 
           where Richard’s house is standing.  
           (19) EXT. VERANDA BEHIND RICHARD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON                   

           On the covered veranda in the backyard stands, despite the 
           wintery temperatures, a festively decorated table. It is set 
           for four. Blankets lie on the chairs. Three plastic roast 
           turkeys, strung up as decoration, are fluttering in the wind. 
           In the backyard, beside the empty winter pool, Mia is sweeping 
           the driveway.  

           Richard returns from the house with Aiden and sets up a 
           heating lamp on the veranda. Aiden wants to leave, but Richard 
           is holding him back.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Hang on. 
                           (calls out) 
                        Mia! Can you come here a second, please? 

           Mia sits down at the set table in her winter coat and hat.   

                                 RICHARD 
                        Hey, careful!  

           Mia pushes her chair out a bit, so as not to upset anything on 
           the table. Richard starts to talk, it seems almost a prepared 
           speech. 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Grace’ll be here any minute now and 
                        before she does, there’s something I 
                        need to discuss with you.  
                           (he casts a brief glance at his phone)  
                        What do you guys think about going to 
                        the mountains again for Christmas...? 

                                 MIA 
                            (excited) 
                        Silver Lake? 

           Richard grins at her and nods, Mia beams with joy. Aiden seems 
           less enthused, he almost looks skeptical.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Thought you were working? 

                                 RICHARD 
                             (carefully) 
                        Yes, I am. But I can take you up when 
                        school breaks up and then join you on 
                        the 25th and... 

           Aiden sees where this is going...  
                                 AIDEN 
                        You’re saying she will be coming and 
                        staying with us?  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (nodding) 
                        I thought it would be a great 
                        opportunity to get to know Grace a 
                        little better. You don’t really know her 
                        well and... 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (interrupts, aggressive) 
                        No way! I’m not going anywhere with her. 
                        Least of all at Christmas! Count me out. 
                        What are you, nuts!?  

           Richard tries to placate his son.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Aiden... 

           Just then the doorbell rings.  

                                 DING DONG 

           Aiden storms off in a huff. 

                                 AIDEN 
                        Fuck you! 

           (20) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON                   

           Richard is standing at the slightly opened front door, talking 
           to someone outside.  We see the shadow of a woman through the 
           frosted glass pane. 

           Mia, hidden at the end of the hallway, beyond the kitchen, 
           watches them. We can’t hear what’s being said, but it seems 
           Richard is sheepishly apologizing for calling off dinner. 

           (21) EXT. VERANDA HINTER RICHARD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON                   

           Richard, Aiden, and Mia around the table on the veranda. They 
           are wrapped in blankets. A plastic roast turkey is perched in 
           the middle of the table. They eat lasagna in silence. The 
           fourth seat is empty, the plate untouched. Mama-Doll sits – 
           unseen by Aiden and Richard – beneath the tabletop on the 
           fourth, empty chair. The atmosphere is as frosty as the 
           temperature.  
           After a while, a text message PING breaks the silence. Richard 
           pulls his phone out of his pant pocket, quickly checks it, 
           then puts it away. Two more BUZZES follow, ignored by Richard. 
           The kids cast each other knowing looks.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (trying to sound casual) 
                        I’ll have to go out again later... 

           (22) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE - NIGHT                   

           Darkness in the house. Empty hallways. Quiet. The dishwasher 
           washing monotonously. The plastic turkey is lying in the sink.  

           (23) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE / AIDEN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Aiden lies in bed with headphones on, watching YouTube pranks 
           on a smartphone. The screen coldly lights his face in the 
           otherwise dark room. Above his bed is a slanted roof with 
           multi-colored bouldering grips. Trophies adorn the shelves.  

           (24) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE / MIA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Mia also lies in bed, but this room is lit by a bedside lamp; 
           it lights her dollhouse, too, which she has brought from her 
           old house. At Mia’s side lies the delicate Mama-Doll, to whom 
           she reads a bedtime story. As though she were the Mother and 
           the Mama-Doll the child.  

                                 MIA 
                           (softly reading “The Little Prince”) 
                        But everyone thought it was a hat.  
                           (she shows the doll the drawing)  
                        My drawing however wasn’t a hat. It was 
                        a giant snake digesting an elephant... 

           Suddenly we hear the FRONT DOOR SHUT and FOOTSTEPS COMING UP 
           THE STAIRS. Mia quickly turns off the light, turns to the 
           side, covers herself and the doll. She closes her eyes and 
           pretends to be asleep.  

           Soon, her father enters, crosses the room, and sits on the 
           side of her bed. He sits quietly for a few seconds, watching 
           her back.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (softly) 
                        Night Owl. I know you’re not sleeping.  

           Mia won’t turn around. Both are silent. 

                                 MIA 
                      (her thin voice cuts the silence) 
                        Will Grace be our new Mama?  

           Richard shakes his head, though his daughter can’t see him, 
           then he gently touches her back.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Mama will always be your Mama. Grace is 
                        a totally different person. You will 
                        like her once you get know her, but she 
                        will never replace your Mother.  

           Mia gazes unwaveringly at Mama-Doll, whom she clutches 
           tightly.  

                                 MIA 
                        How long have you known her? 

           Richard doesn’t reply right away, so Mia adds:  

                                 MIA 
                        Was she really your patient? 

           Richard hesitates for the briefest moment. Then: 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Why would you think that!? 

                                 MIA 
                        Mama told me. 

           Richard makes a defensive gesture with his hands, as though he 
           wanted to wipe away what’s been said. He doesn’t seem 
           particularly convincing.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Go to sleep, sweetheart. 

           (25) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE / HALL - MORNING                   

           The next morning, in the hallway on the first floor. Sunrays 
           fall through the large glass windows. Mia and Aiden stand in 
           front of a closed door, they are both quiet, they are 
           listening. Mia wants to open the door, but Aiden holds her 
           back. He pulls his phone out of his pocket and dials. His 
           father’s phone starts to RING downstairs. 

                                 RICHARD (O.S.) 
                           (heard simultaneously from the living room 
                           and from Aiden’s phone) 
                        Yes?  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (into phone) 
                        Sorry dad, wrong number. 

           Aiden is about to hang up, when Richard continues. 

                                 RICHARD (O.S.) 
                        Don’t forget to take out the trash! 

                                 AIDEN 
                        Okay. 

           Aiden hangs up. He nods at Mia. She opens the door, careful 
           and as quiet as possible. Both slide in.  

           (26) INT. RICHARD’S HOUSE / STUDY - MORNING                   

           The kids stand in Richard’s office. Desk. Computer. Shelf. A 
           yoga mat. Books are stacked in every corner. Books by Freud 
           and Jung. Books on anxiety disorders and coming to terms with 
           trauma. Psychiatry reference books. The kids carefully close 
           the door behind them. 

           A little later. Aiden sits at his father’s computer, going 
           through the digital patient files; he types quickly. Mia 
           stands guard at the door. In amongst the mostly unintelligible 
           files, Aiden finally finds something... 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (triumphantly) 
                        So she was his patient!  

           He continues reading. Mia comes over to stand beside her 
           brother, both stare fixedly at the screen. Mia points at 
           something. Aiden clicks on it, opening a newspaper article 
           which shows a photograph of a girl of about 13. Beside her: 
           the bald man in priest’s robes, his hand on the shoulders of 
           the 12-year-old boy with the port wine-stain. Beside them: 
           crosses, as well as dates of births and deaths.  

                                 MIA 
                           (excited) 
                        Click here 

           The sudden SOUND OF SHRILL SCREAMING emanates from the 
           computer (we recognise this from the start of the movie). 

           Aiden and Mia are horrified, Aiden reflexively mutes the 
           computer. On the screen, we see the Hi8 video of a bloody 
           girl’s hand, beside it a pointed dagger. Blood dripping onto 
           the Virgin Mary doll. Then the camera pans upwards, to the 
           red-headed girl’s face, screaming mutely and clutching her 
           bleeding palm.  
           Mia and Aiden are so entranced by the images that they haven’t 
           noticed their father’s suddenly in the room.  

           Aiden quickly clicks the video off, and moves away from the 
           computer even more quickly.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        I had to look up something for Mia’s 
                        school project and my computer’s 
                        updating. 

           Both kids look at Richard ruefully, but he doesn’t seem to 
           have clocked what they’re up to, and, surprisingly, doesn’t 
           scold them.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        I wanted to talk to you about Silver 
                        Lake. I know none of this is easy for 
                        you. But it’s important to me that you 
                        give Grace a chance. 

           The kids stare at their father, their faces are hard to 
           interpret.  

           (27) EXT. IN FRONT OF RICHARD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON                   

           Days later, in front of the house. Richard is schlepping Mia’s 
           suitcase to the car, Aiden is carrying his own bag. Climbing 
           rope and a carabiner hang from his backpack. 

                                 RICHARD 
                           (trying to be funny) 
                        You planning on doing some ice climbing?  

           Aiden can’t hear him, through the loud music on his 
           headphones. Richard shrugs, then loads Mia’s luggage 
           into the trunk.  

           Mia leaves the house with a plastic bag filled with 
           water and sea monkeys in hand. Richard can hardly 
           believe his eyes. 

                                  RICHARD  
                        No way. The sea monkeys stay. If that 
                        bag bursts, I’ll have the whole mess in 
                        my car.  

           Mia won’t give up without a fight. 

                                 MIA 
                        But I need them for school! I have to 
                        document them every day!  
           The father shakes his head resolutely.  

           (28) INT. CAR - AFTERNOON                   

           The bag with the sea monkeys on Mia’s lap. The sea monkeys 
           slosh back and forth to the rhythmic swaying of the car. Then 
           the SUV stops, water and sea monkeys come to rest, the motor 
           is turned off.  

           Through the foggy window, Mia sees an apartment building with 
           outer balconies. The place has seen better days and appears 
           quite dismal. Richard draws his phone out of his pocket, 
           dials, the name “Grace” appears on the display. Mia turns back 
           to her sea monkeys, just then a loud ringtone pipes up 
           outside.  

           Mia is startled. The outline of a woman can be seen behind the 
           foggy window. Beside her, a small white dog. Richard quickly 
           gets out of the car, Mia wipes the car window with her hand 
           and sees her father kissing the red-headed woman - this is 
           GRACE - on the mouth, thus obscuring her face. Mia is 
           embarrassed and turns away.  

           The front seats open. Richard is about to climb in but his 
           phone rings. He checks the display.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (to Grace, sighing) 
                        Sorry. Work. 

           Richard gets out again and steps away. Grace can’t go back. A 
           little hesitant, she climbs into the passenger seat, holding 
           the white poodle in her arm, which she places at her feet: 
           GRADY. Then she looks round to the kids - friendly, 
           attractive, late 20s, she looks a little like a younger 
           version of Laura.  

                                 GRACE 
                         Hi! 

           A few moments of trepid silence follow. 

           Then, suddenly, blood starts to flow from Grace’s nose and 
           down her smiling lips, giving her beauty a touch of the 
           monstrous. For a moment, it’s as though the world stands still 
           in the car. Then Grace finally notices the nosebleed - 
           frightened, she wipes it away with her bare hand. 

           (29) INT. CAR - AFTERNOON                   

           Later in the driving car. The kids are in the back. Mia’s 
           backpack lies at her side. The Mama-Doll hangs from one of the 
           backpack’s outside pockets (in place of a water bottle), 
           peeking out as though she’s watching. Grace holds a Kleenex to 
           her nose. Grady is at her feet and yowls every now and again. 
           Richard looks at him begrudgingly.  He’s seemingly not at all 
           happy that the dog is tagging along. 

           (30) INT. CAR - EVENING                   

           The car winds along a narrow mountain road. No one has 
           anything to say. Richard touches Grace’s knee. Grace looks at 
           him, infatuated. Aiden, listening to music, watches the two 
           with a mixture of curiosity and revulsion. Mia looks out the 
           window.  

           Later. Grace folds down the sun blinds to look in the mirror 
           and control her nosebleed. She can see Mia watching her from 
           behind. Grace smiles at her. Mia pretends not to notice and 
           looks away.  

           Later. Mia and Aiden playing with their phones. Mia looks up.  

                                 MIA 
                        Can we stop at the gas station?  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (shaking his head) 
                        I got gas before we hit the road.  

                                 MIA 
                        What about my gummy bears?  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (apologetic)  
                        Darn... Forgot about those.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (wants to do something nice; to Richard)   
                        ...there’ll be another gas station soon, 
                        won’t there, Richard?  

           She winks at Richard conspiratorialy. 

           (31) INT. CAR - EVENING                   

           It’s almost dark. More snow on the road. Richard drives 
           carefully, the kids have fallen asleep on the back seat.  

           Richard stops at a general store with two ancient gas pumps 
           out front; they’re already in a mountainous area.  
           (32) INT. GAS STATION - EVENING                   

           A skinny, sallow-faced teenager - WENDY - sits smoking behind 
           the counter as she leafs through a magazine. Behind her, a 
           picture on the wall. It shows a golden-haired Jesus with 
           piercing eyes. The words below read: No-one chills out in the 
           fires of Hell.  

           The door rings open and Richard walks in followed by Grace. 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Hey Wendy! 

                                 WENDY 
                           (excited) 
                        Doctor Hall! 

           As she gets to her feet and stubs out the cigarette, Richard 
           gestures urgently towards the bathroom at the back and rushes 
           off. 

           Grace smiles at the girl. Wendy looks her up and down 
           unashamedly and a little disparagingly, then she sits back 
           down and goes back to her magazine.  

           Grace, slightly indignant, takes a pack of gummy bears off the 
           candy rack beside the cash register and loudly puts it on the 
           counter. She’s trying to get Wendy’s attention. It works: 
           Wendy does look up from her magazine.  

                                 WENDY 
                        Their Mama din' like 'em eating those. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Excuse me? 

                                 WENDY 
                        It's boiled-up pig bone. 

           Grace stares at her for a moment, then takes some coins out of 
           her purse. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Dollar fifty, right? 

           She puts the coins on the counter, picks up the candy and 
           turns to go. 

                                 WENDY 
                        Slut. 

           Grace stops dead. For a moment, it looks like she's going to 
           turn and face the girl, but she steels herself and walks out. 
           (33) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE GAS STATION - EVENING                   

           Grace on her way back to the car. Mia comes running towards 
           her, followed closely by Aiden. Apparently, they’ve woken up. 
           Grace is a little surprised; Mia storms past her towards the 
           gas station, ignoring her. Grace watches her go with slight 
           irritation, and watches through the shop window as Mia gives 
           Wendy a massive hug.   

           Aiden lingers in the background, saying hello in a cool, 
           adolescent way. Wendy is visibly happy to see them. 

           Grace turns around, stomping towards the car. She angrily 
           throws the gummy bears in the trashcan by the gas pumps. Then 
           gets in the car, angrily slams the door.  

                                 BANG 

           (34) INT. GAS STATION - EVENING                                    

           Wendy hands Richard a pack of mail that she has been keeping 
           for him.   

                                 WENDY  
                        Go ahead, read your way back to the 
                        Vietnam war...   

           Richard grins. Wendy gets a key from the drawer under the cash 
           register. 

                                 WENDY (CONT’D) 
                        D’you mind if I keep this one? Grampa 
                        Charlie and I’ve got to deliver 
                        wood...and... 

                                  RICHARD  
                           (quickly) 
                        ...of course the spare key stays with 
                        you! Same as usual... 

           (35) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - EVENING                   

           Headlights break through a forest in the dark, across a snowy 
           road. It’s completely dark when the car reaches the lodge. The 
           travelers get out. 

           Richard and the kids enter the house with suitcase and bags 
           while Grace stays outside a little while longer.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (gesturing towards her dog)  
                        Will follow you in a minute... 
           Grady runs around, snuffles, pees. Grace has a look around. 
           Snow and solitude, wherever one might look. The cold moonlight 
           falls onto the mountains, the bare cliffs which can be guessed 
           at in the distance rather than seen. The lodge, the dark, 
           almost black looking two-story wooden house is standing on its 
           own, almost abandoned to nature. Beyond, the forest spreads, 
           black as night, its pine trees swaying back and forth as 
           though they are trying to motion to her.  

           (36) INT. LODGE - EVENING                   

           Grace enters the Lodge, Grady at her heels. In the hallway, 
           she stumbles over a dog basket on the floor. 

                                 RICHARD  
                           (calling from the living room) 
                        I’ve set up the dog’s spot...did you 
                        see? I don’t want him in here.   

           Grace gulps, but doesn’t say anything. She lets Grady into his 
           little home.  

           Then Grace enters the living room. Mia is pouring her sea 
           monkeys into a water glass, Richard is making a fire. Grace 
           stands around with a certain helplessness. The others are 
           automatically doing their most necessary things, as they have 
           done them many times before.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (to Grace, in passing) 
                        Bedrooms are upstairs... 

           Grace drags her suitcase on wheels up the stairs, step by 
           step. 

                                 BANG, BANG, BANG, 
                                 BANG 

           (37) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - LATE EVENING                   

           Grace rolls her suitcase into the bedroom. A large bed, a 
           closet, and a crucifix. She glances at it longer than at the 
           other things.  

           She sets down her suitcase, opens it, takes out three presents 
           wrapped in cheesy Christmas paper. She hides them on the 
           highest shelf of the closet. 

           Then she starts unpacking clothes and hanging them in the 
           closet. She also takes a plastic bag out of the suitcase, 
           filled with pharmaceuticals.  
           Later. Grace is sitting on her bed. She’s finished unpacking 
           and has nothing left to do. Her gaze meets a picture on the 
           nightstand, of Laura and Richard - they are gazing amorously 
           into the camera. Decisively, she opens the drawer to the 
           nightstand, and decisively she puts the picture away.  

           Richard enters the bedroom. He smiles at Grace - alone at 
           last. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Why'd you stop coming...? 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Hmm..? 

                                 GRACE 
                        You and Laura. 

           Not the question Richard expected. Nevertheless, he answers:  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Laura didn’t want to… too much fighting.   
                           (after the serious response he continues, 
                           blinking) 
                        You often get snowed in here. Pretty 
                        romantic, but only when you’re in love.  

           Richard starts kissing Grace. She holds him off, gestures 
           towards the kids’ room.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        They’re sleeping like logs. 

           Richard starts undressing Grace, she stops resisting and joins 
           in. 

           (38) INT. LODGE - NIGHT            

                                 SEX ECHOING THROUGH 
                                 THE CORRIDORS   

           The kids are not sleeping like logs. They are lying wide-eyed 
           in their beds in the next room, listening to everything. Mia 
           is clutching her Mama-Doll. 

           (39) INT. LODGE - NIGHT            

           The sex noises have stopped, peace and quiet have returned. 
           Grady is sleeping in his little basket. His soft breathing is 
           the only sound in the still of the night. 
           (40) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM – NIGHT 

           Richard, too, has fallen asleep. Only Grace lies there with 
           her eyes wide open. She is staring at the cross on the wall, 
           lit in ghostly moonlight.  

           After a while Grace gets up. She rummages in her handbag and 
           takes out an orange pillbox. She glances in Richard’s 
           direction, to check whether he’s asleep. Then she opens the 
           pillbox. She takes two tablets at once with a gulp of water 
           from a glass on her nightstand. Grace lies back down again.   

           In the dark, Grace watches the crucifix on the wall. After a 
           while she gets up, decisively takes the crucifix off the wall 
           and puts it back on the floor. A light mark remains on the 
           wall, as if the aura of the crucifix has turned visible.   

           (41) INT. LODGE – MORNING 

           The next morning is grey and dreary. A little light is seeping 
           through the windows of the lodge. Grace comes downstairs. 
           She’s dressed for winter. Round her shoulders dangle brand-new 
           ice skates. She’s pulling the hood of her winter jacket onto 
           her head, but it won’t quite fit.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Richard? 

           No answer. Instead, Grady comes running and leaps happily. 
           Grace looks around, no one there.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Richard!?  

           She looks round the living room, no one here. Quiet. Only the 
           TICKING of a clock. When Grace notices what kind of clock it 
           is, she grins: an old-fashioned cuckoo-clock that looks out of 
           place in the lodge. The likes of it would be much more fitting 
           in an Austrian Heimat-movie.  

           She goes to the door. At the hat rack, she takes one of 
           several hats, a red one, and pulls it on. She goes outside. 
           Grady, too, rushes out. Grace whistles, Grady immediately 
           comes running back to her.  

           (42) EXT. FROZEN LAKE - MORNING 

           The sky is overcast, the sun hidden. The world seems 
           monochrome and grey white. Grace heads to a small frozen lake 
           that, so far, has lain hidden under piles of snow. Richard is 
           pushing the snow away with a broom to make room for ice 
           skating. Under all of this: not just ice but also motionless 
           fish, apparently frozen beneath the surface.  
           Mia and Aiden skate skillfully on the cleared rink and through 
           the snow. Mia is holding her Mama-Doll. At the sight of Grace, 
           the kids suddenly freeze like statues.  

           Grace looks at them questioningly.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (coldly) 
                        That’s our Mama’s hat. 

           Grace is startled and immediately pulls the hat off her head.  

           (43) EXT. FROZEN LAKE - MORNING 

           Grace has apparently never ice skated before and is stumbling 
           about, at times she even falls down. A little further away, 
           Aiden and Richard are having a snowball fight. 

           Mia, who is now wearing the red hat over her own, is playing 
           with the Mama-Doll at the side of the lake. A mighty oak tree 
           looms over the water. Not ice, but barely-frozen water 
           surrounds the tree trunk.  

           Mia allows the doll to slide across the ice. The doll slides 
           further and further. Suddenly she falls into the water with a 
           splash.   

                                 MIA 
                           (screams) 

           Mia kneels and crawls towards the hole. Mama-Doll floats 
           helplessly on the water surface. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Don’t! 

           She stumbles, as fast as she can, towards Mia.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (to Mia) 
                        Stay here, I’ll get her. 

           Slowly she crawls towards the hole on all fours. Once more, 
           she turns around to Mia.  

                                 GRACE 
                        You have to be careful... 

                                 CRACK!!! 

           Grace breaks through the ice with one jolt. She plunges down 
           into the ice-cold water. 
                                 MIA  
                           (cries out)  

           Richard now realizes what’s happening and rushes over, Aiden 
           follows. Mia, her mouth wide open, stares at the hole in the 
           ice, its softly lapping waves.  

           Grace resurfaces. She tries to pull herself out of the hole in 
           the ice, but she can’t - the edges keep breaking off. Richard 
           lies down flat across the ice.   

                                 RICHARD 
                           (to Aiden) 
                        Hold my feet! 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (frightened and a little sheepish) 
                        You’ll fall in! 

           Richard ignores him and slides towards the hole on his stomach 
           until he’s able to reach Grace. Aiden and Mia’s only option is 
           to hold his feet tight and pull with all their might.  

           They manage to drag Richard - with Grace - out of the danger 
           zone. Richard, Mia, and Aiden are breathing heavily from 
           exhaustion and exertion, Grace is pale and shaking heavily. 

           (44) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace, wrapped in a blanket and still shaking, sitting on the 
           sofa in front of the fireplace. Richard brings her tea from 
           the kitchen. Through the window, the kids can be seen playing 
           outside.  

           Richard looks worriedly at Grace but doesn’t say anything. He 
           rubs her back to warm her and kisses her hair. Then he returns 
           to the kitchen. Once she is out of Richard’s sight, she 
           inconspicuously rummages in her handbag for her orange 
           pillbox, hides it in her fist, gets up and walks wordlessly to 
           the bathroom. Richard watches her go, worried.   

           (45) INT. LODGE / BATHROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace turns on the water, gets out two pills, and takes them 
           with a gulp of water. Richard suddenly comes in. He looks at 
           the pillbox, concerned.  

                                 RICHARD 
                           (surprised, and surprisingly serious) 
                        I thought you weren’t taking those 
                        anymore?  

           Grace seems to feel she’s been caught red-handed.   
                                 GRACE 
                           (almost snottily)  
                        I thought you weren’t my shrink anymore.   

           Richard looks at her earnestly. 

                                 RICHARD 
                           (a little offended) 
                        Hmh... 

           Both glare at each other silently for a moment. Richard 
           glances at his watch. 

                                 RICHARD 
                        I really need to get going. Today I’ve 
                        got a list of this many patients whose 
                        shrink I still am… 
                             (after a brief pause) 
                        Is it really alright if I leave you with 
                        the kids? 

                                  GRACE 
                           (too quickly) 
                        Sure. As long as I stay away from the 
                        ice. I’m from Mississippi, remember? The 
                        only ice I’ve ever known was in my 
                        Grandma’s bourbon.  

           Richard doesn’t seem too convinced by the laid-back 
           tone, he watches her silently.  

           Grace touches his arm to reassure him.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                           (earnestly) 
                        Richard, I’ve got this. It’s just four 
                        days.  

           (46) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Richard standing in front of a safe in his bedroom, Grace at 
           his side. Richard turns the combination lock.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        1…2…3…4…5 

                                 GRACE 
                        Impressive. 

           Richard doesn’t react to the needling and opens the safebox. 
           Inside is a 9mm automatic pistol. Richard pulls it out.  
                                 RICHARD 
                        Ever use one? 

           Grace shakes her head, she is visibly intimidated by the 
           weapon.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        There’re bears up here. Most of the time 
                        they’re asleep, but when they wake up, 
                        they’re hungry. And I’ve seen what they 
                        can do. 

           He gestures at a lever on the side of the weapon. 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Release...hold with both hands… aim… 
                        and... 

           He releases the trigger. 

                                 KLICK 

                                 RICHARD 
                        Pow. Easy as pie. 

           Richard slides a whole magazine into the weapon. Then he 
           secures it and puts it back in the safe.  

           (47) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - MORNING                   

           The kids and Grace, with Grady in her arms, are all standing 
           in the snow outside of the lodge. The sky is a grey white, no 
           sun in sight. They wave at Richard, sitting in his SUV. He 
           drives off, tapping a tune on the horn as a good-bye. 

                                 CAR HORN 

           For a very brief moment, Grace and the kids look like a real 
           family. Then – from one moment to the other - the kids turn on 
           their heels and disappear into the building. Grace remains 
           behind, watching Richard go. She waves one last time, then, 
           she’s all alone with the distant noises of the mountain. The 
           howling wind is like an echo, eerie and unsettling. Even Grady 
           whimpers. Grace pets him, kisses him. When he won’t stop 
           yowling, she sets the dog down and slowly heads back towards 
           the lodge.  

           (48) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

                                 MUTED, QUIET MUSIC 
                           (from the kids’ room on the first floor)  
           Grace, sitting pitifully alone, eating a slice of bread at the 
           dining table in an empty living room. On the wall right across 
           from her hangs a strangely antiquated oil painting: a somber 
           depiction of the Virgin Mary with nothing merciful about her – 
           menacingly, she stares down at Grace. After a while, Grace 
           rises and sits at the other side of the table so she no longer 
           has to look at the painting. Still she feels ill at ease. 
           Grace rises again, takes the picture off the wall, turns it 
           around, and leans it face-forward against the wall. 

           (49) INT. LODGE / HALL - MORNING                   

                                 MUSIC 
                           (from the kids’ room) 

           Grace in front of the door to the kids’ room, from where music 
           is emanating. Grace tries to enter, but then, to her surprise, 
           she finds the door locked. 

           Grace knocks on the door. 

                                 GRACE 
                        I’m going to do some chores. You coming? 

                                 MIA 
                           (through the closed door) 
                        In a minute. 

           (50) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NOON                   

           Grace puts up a chain of Christmas tree lights across the 
           fireplace. 

           Again and again Grace glances towards the kids, hoping they’ll 
           help her. But they won’t:  

           Aiden is sitting in front of the TV, watching a horror movie 
           on DVD – EXORCIST 2: THE HERETIC. Mia, feeding her sea 
           monkeys, keeps glancing at the movie.   

           Grace is irritated, but keeps on decorating.   

           (51) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NOON                   

           Later. Mia’s face reflected on the orb of a Christmas tree 
           ornament out of a box of decorations. She points her tongue at 
           herself. The television is turned off, Aiden has disappeared. 
           Mia is playing more than actually helping. Grace seizes the 
           moment to have a conversation with Mia. 

                                 GRACE 
                        What do you want for Christmas?  
                                 MIA 
                        A dog. But I’ll never get one!  

                                 GRACE 
                        I always wanted one, too… and never got 
                        one. I never got anything when I was a 
                        girl...   

           Mia looks at her questioningly.  

                                 MIA  
                        You were that bad!?   

                                 GRACE  
                           (laughing, shakes her head) 
                        No, there’s just nothing about presents 
                        in the Bible. And my father… my father 
                        was all about whatever the Bible said. 
                        And he was very strict...  

                                 MIA  
                        But you’ve got a dog now? 

                                 GRACE  
                           (laughing, shaking her head) 
                        One I gave myself when I finally moved 
                        out...  

           Grace grows silent and continues to hang Christmas ornaments. 
           Mia watches her as she does. Suddenly she notices a scar in 
           the middle of Grace’s right palm, then notices that the left 
           palm is scarred in the same spot - almost like the wounds of 
           Christ. Grace notices Mia’s stare. Mia quickly looks away. 
           She’s visibly embarrassed. Into the silence: 

                                 MIA 
                        Would you like to see our present for 
                        Papa? We made it ourselves…! 

           Grace, pleased, nods. Mia runs up the stairs to get the 
           present from her room. 

           (52) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON                   

           Mia inserts a DVD. Grace has sat down in a waiting position on 
           the sofa. A series of old amateur video shots flicker across 
           the screen , grainy, frequently out of focus, just like at the 
           start of the movie.  

           Only this time, the images show a happy Aiden, Mia, Richard, 
           and a younger Laura: the four are eating a turkey in winter 
           coats, snow is swirling around them, they laugh.  
           Aiden is receiving an award in a gym, Laura and Mia 
           applauding.  

           Mia is standing with the remote control in hand, eyes fixed 
           more on Grace than on the video. The montage ends with a song 
           Laura singing a Christmas song. Grace appears struck, she 
           suddenly appears sad. 

                                 LAURA (O.S.) 
                           (on the screen) 
                        Santa Baby, a fifty-four 
                        convertible too... Light Blue... 
                        I’ll wait up for you, dear Santa 
                        baby, so hurry down the chimney 
                        tonight...  

           (53) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM / STAIRCASE / HALL - NIGHT                   

           Grace draws the curtains in the kitchen. Outside in the dark, 
           a storm howls; uncanny shadows of dark branches are cast 
           against the curtains.   

           Grace is alone in the living room, it seems late. She turns 
           off the lights in the kitchen and walks up the stairs.  

           Up in the hallway she sees, to her surprise, a faint light 
           coming from under the door of the kids’ room.  

           (54) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Quietly she opens the door to the kids’ room. They are both 
           asleep. Grace looks around to find the source of the light - 
           strangely, it’s coming from a closet. Quietly, she approaches 
           and sees: it’s a type of shrine, built by the kids for their 
           mother. The red hat is there, the Mama-Doll, and a Bible. Two 
           candles are burning beside it. Grace looks irritated but also 
           a little touched. She briefly glances at the sleeping kids. 
           Then she holds a hand behind the flame, carefully blows it out 
           and leaves the room.  

           What she can’t see: Aiden’s eyes are wide open, watching her. 

           (55) INT. LODGE / BATHROOM - NIGHT                   

           A steamed-up shower door. The shape of a naked female body 
           behind it. The shower door opens. Grace comes out of the 
           shower, clouds of steam follow her. She takes a towel and 
           starts drying herself.  
           Steam fogs the mirror, but not evenly: a heart shape grows 
           visible on the glass, one that someone smeared on the mirror 
           long ago, the outline now lighter than the rest. Beside the 
           heart, stick figures appear as well as the word “Mom” with a 
           smiley.  

           Grace hesitates for a moment, then uses her lower arm to wipe 
           off the foggy mirror and its drawings. She finishes drying 
           herself off, takes a tub of body lotion and starts applying it 
           to her body. We see Grace from behind as she massages her 
           stomach in a circling movement, her waist seems somehow 
           reddened. She rubs the body lotion on more, more, and more. 
           She gets another blob of lotion, raises her head briefly - and 
           suddenly starts: Aiden, who has apparently been watching from 
           the door, is staring back from the mirror. Their eyes meet. 
           Embarrassed, Aiden disappears.  

           Grace quickly closes the door and returns to applying the 
           lotion. Only now do we see that it is deep, uneven scars she 
           is applying lotion to. Like a red belt of thorns, they run 
           across her midriff.  

           (56) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - NIGHT                 

           Outside, a storm is howling. Grace is lying in her bed. She’s 
           fallen asleep, but is tossing and turning restlessly. 

           (57) INT. LODGE - NIGHT                   

           The storm keeps on raging. The desolate rooms of the house, 
           lit by moonlight. Everything and everyone is sleeping. Just 
           not Grady. Statue-like, he sits in the dark of night with his 
           ears perked, alert, listening.  

                                 FOOTSTEPS, WHEEZING 
                                 AND BREATHING; DOORS 
                                 OPEN AND SHUT (O.S.) 

           It sounds as though someone is creeping through the house. The 
           noises are eerie in the quiet of the night. 

           (58) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM – EARLY MORNING                   

                                 GRADY BARKING  

           The next morning. The sky outside is grey. Grace opens her 
           eyes. To her surprise she isn’t lying in bed but on the floor, 
           on the rug in front of the bed. The blanket by her side. She 
           sits up, looks around in confusion. Then she gets up and pulls 
           on a dressing gown.  
           (59) INT. LODGE / HALL / BATHROOM - MORNING                     

           Grace, in her dressing gown, sleepily walks along the hallway 
           to the bathroom. All doors, including the one to the kids’ 
           room, are closed. She enters the bathroom - and jumps back in 
           shock: the bathroom mirror is covered with countless red 
           crosses, it is virtually besmeared. Stunned, Grace stares at 
           them for several moments. Then, as if on auto-pilot, she 
           starts wiping the crosses off, then stops:   

                                 GRACE 
                        Mia!? Aiden!? 

           No reaction. After a while.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Mia!! 

           Finally, Mia pushes her sleepy face through the bathroom door. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (rather harshly) 
                        What’s this supposed to mean?!  

           Grace gestures at the crosses. Mia glances at the smears and 
           fiercely shakes her head. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (strictly) 
                        Say something... 

                                 MIA 
                        I, we, we didn’t do that...  

                                 GRACE 
                        Well the mirror wouldn’t have gotten up 
                        and smeared itself like this, right?   

           Mia hesitates. She doesn’t dare reply. 

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        ...and you’re going to clean this up...  

                                 MIA 
                           (upset) 
                        But you were in the bathroom last night!  

           Grace starts, and then shakes her head fiercely. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (looks at her questioningly) 
                        Me?    
                                 MIA 
                        I saw you walking around in the hallway. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (defensively)  
                        Nonsense. Definitely not. 

           Grace tries to hide her unease. Her face, reflected in the 
           mirror, is studded with red crosses.  

           (60) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace enters the bedroom. She lifts her blanket off the floor 
           and sees something glinting beneath the bed. She bends over - 
           and finds an opened, red lipstick. The tip is completely 
           flattened, it looks as though someone had written with it.  

                                 KNOCK AT BEDROOM 
                                 DOOR 

           Grace is a little startled, hides the lipstick quickly in her 
           fist, just as Mia opens the door. 

                                 MIA 
                        I really didn’t do it... 

                                 GRACE 
                           (too quickly) 
                        It’s alright... don’t worry. 

           Mia nods and leaves the bedroom. Grace opens her fist, now 
           smeared red. She seems a little worried. 

           (61) INT. BATHROOM - MORNING          

           Grace opens the medicine cabinet and swallows two pills from 
           the orange pillbox. In doing so, she looks thoughtfully at the 
           red crosses. Then she sprays some glass cleaner on the mirror, 
           wipes them off. 

           (62) INT. LODGE / FOYER - AFTERNOON           

           Grace carries a small bowl of dog food into the hall, Grady 
           jumps at her happily and starts to eat. She squats down beside 
           him and pets him.  

           Suddenly Mia is at her side. She’s holding out a pack of 
           AMBIEN to Grace, seemingly as a peace offering. 

                                 MIA 
                        Grace? You can have these. Mom used 
                        them. When she couldn’t sleep... 
           Grace shakes her head.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Thanks, sweetie! But I’ve got to look 
                        after you. I shouldn’t be sleeping like 
                        a rock. 

           Mia nods and leaves the foyer, pills in hand.  

           Grace pets Grady one last time, then she gets up and returns 
           to the living room. Grady wants to join her. But Grace puts 
           him back in his basket. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (tenderly) 
                        You can’t come with me, I’m sorry. Stay. 
                        Stay. 

           And Grady stays. 

           (63) INT. LODGE / KITCHEN - AFTERNOON                   

                                 SHOTS AND SCREAMS   

           Aiden is sitting on the sofa, playing a horror shooter game.    

                                 GRACE (O.S.) 
                           (drowning out the game) 
                        I'm going to make myself a sandwich... 
                        Would you like one?  

           Aiden doesn’t react. 

                                 GRACE (O.S.) 
                        Aiden? 

                                 AIDEN  
                        I can make my own.  

           Grace hesitates, unsure how to react, then picks up the  
           remote and switches off the television. Aiden stares at her 
           aggressively.  

                                 GRACE  
                        I think it's time we had a talk.  

           Aiden remains silent.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D)  
                        Maybe start with why you're giving me 
                        all this attitude.  

                                 AIDEN  
                           (shrugging)  
                        Hormones probably... Difficult age.  

                                 GRACE  
                        Hormones...  
                           (beat)  
                        Well that might explain why you were 
                        spying on me last night.  

           Aiden looks down, embarrassed. Grace frowns guiltily.  

                                 GRACE (CONT'D)  
                        It's not a big deal... 

           (64) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - EVENING                   

           Aiden rather sheepishly brings a cup of hot cocoa from the 
           kitchen: for Grace, who is sitting beside Mia on the sofa. 
           Grace is visibly delighted over the kind gesture of apology.  

                                 GRACE 
                        You don’t want any? 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (glancing at Mia) 
                        Too much sugar... 

           Grace smiles, Aiden joins them on the sofa. 

                                 MIA 
                        I’m cold... 

           Grace is worried, since Mia is already wrapped in a heavy 
           blanket. A fire is flickering in the fireplace. She feels her 
           forehead: all normal.  

                                 MIA 
                        I’m cold... 

                                 AIDEN 
                        I’m getting the gas heater out of the 
                        cellar... 

                                 MIA 
                           (overly grateful) 
                        Thank you! 

           The three watch a horror film. THE THING. Grace is frightened: 
           keeps getting spooked, jumping, much to Mia’s amusement.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (explains her fright) 
                        Up until I was 17, I never watched any 
                        movies at all. And after that only stuff 
                        with Heath Ledger. 

                                 MIA 
                        Who? 
                           (when Grace doesn’t respond) 
                        We watch horror movies all the time. On 
                        account of the cathartic effects. That’s 
                        what Dad says... 

           Grace grins. 

           The (rather antiquated) gas heater makes strange noises. Aiden 
           notices that Grace looks worried.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Don’t worry. That thing always sounds 
                        like that...  

           They continue watching the movie. When the Thing jumps out of 
           its skin again, Grace jumps again and lets out a small cry.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Can we please watch something else? 

           Later. Dwarves singing. A Disney movie is on. Grace has fallen 
           asleep in front of the TV. White letters appear, informing us 
           that the TV will turn itself off in the next ten seconds if no 
           function is activated. And that’s exactly what happens. 

           Then: silence, darkness, empty rooms of the Lodge. 

                                 FOOTSTEPS, CREAKING 
                                 (O.S.) 

           It almost sounds like the previous night, and it sounds very 
           eerie. Grady, too, has awoken. He gets up, perks his ears, 
           whines gently. He’s not entirely at ease.   

           (65) INT. LODGE / HALL - EVENING                   

           Suddenly we see what’s causing the noise: a shadowy figure can 
           be seen stepping out of the darkness and walking along the 
           hallway. It’s Grace, her gaze rigid and absent.   

           A door in the hallway opens, Mia’s face peeks out. She freezes 
           and stares, wide-eyed: the creepy, almost ghostly Grace 
           doesn’t seem to notice her. She simply walks past Mia and goes 
           around the corner. Mia stares after her. 
           (66) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - NIGHT                   

           Grace wakes shivering on the frozen lake, lit by pale 
           moonlight. Grace takes a few moments to gather her bearings 
           and tries to get up. She props herself on the icy surface, 
           beneath her the frozen fish we saw earlier.   

           Grace can hardly believe her eyes: suddenly one of the fish 
           starts to wiggle. It swims away, dives down. Grace gets closer 
           to the ice. A second fish frees itself from its congealed 
           state. Suddenly, she breaks in with a jolt.  

                                 CRACKING, 
                                 SPLINTERING ICE  

           (67) INT. UNDER WATER - NIGHT                  

           Grace can’t breathe. She sinks deeper and deeper into the dark 
           water. From below, out of the dark, a hand suddenly appears, 
           reaching for Grace. The hand belongs to the bald priest who we 
           know from the start of the movie. He pulls Grace under water, 
           deeper and deeper; Grace flails her arms in panic and still 
           keeps sinking further into the dark. Suddenly a wooden church 
           emerges at the bottom of the lake. This is where the priest is 
           dragging her, but Grace is struggling for her life. Bells 
           chime, creating waves of water instead of sound. Above Grace 
           floats a lifeless boy’s body. Pale as a corpse he floats 
           through the dark as if through outer space. The face of the 
           boy bears the port wine stain.  

           (68) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace lurches up from her sleep. It’s bitterly cold, half 
           dark. She’s lying rolled into a blanket on the living room 
           rug. The kids are entwined on the sofa. All are still wearing 
           the previous day’s clothes. Grace shivers. Her breath is a 
           puff of icy air, that’s how weirdly cold it’s gotten in the 
           room. The fire has gone out. Grace gets up and tries turning 
           on the light. Nothing. She tries again. Again nothing. The 
           lamp isn’t working.    

           Grace heads to the kitchen, tries the light switch in here. 
           Again nothing. Grace curses. She pulls back the curtains for 
           more light. But outside the windows, thick snowflakes are 
           drifting by. Fog lies thickly beyond swirling white. Hardly 
           any light gets through this mass of snow and fog. All shapes 
           are obscured. It looks almost unreal.  

                                 MIA (O.S.) 
                           (screaming) 
           Grace is startled, turns around and sees Mia who, totally 
           bleary, pale, and shivering, is standing in front of her glass 
           of sea monkeys. All the sea monkeys are frozen.   

                                 MIA 
                        That’s impossible. It’s only been a 
                        night!?  

           Grace briefly consoles her and then wakes Aiden.  

                                 GRACE 
                        The power’s out. Can you check the 
                        generator?  

           Aiden is totally disoriented for a moment, stretches.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        How late is it anyway? 

           Grace gets her phone out and checks it.   

                                 GRACE 
                        No battery. Check yours…  

           Aiden pulls his phone out of his pocket.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (shocked)  
                        Mine’s out too. I was at 80 percent last 
                        night...  

           Grace glances around the room. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Where’s the gas heater? Have you moved 
                        it? 

           Aiden shakes his head.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Well it can’t just get up and walk away.  
                        (after a brief pause, says sternly) 
                        Aiden...!? 

           Aiden shrugs his shoulders.    

                                 AIDEN 
                        It’s got to be around here somewhere... 
           Grace looks around. Finally notices that not only the heater 
           is missing – there’s no trace of yesterday’s Christmas 
           ornaments, either. Instead, the Virgin Mary, who Grace had 
           taken off the wall, is back in her spot, staring sternly and 
           tauntingly down at her. Strange.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Is this some kind of joke? ‘Cause I 
                        don’t think it’s funny.   

           She looks at Aiden.   

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                           (almost screaming) 
                        Aiden!? 

           Aiden shakes his head.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        I didn’t do anything ... 

                                 MIA 
                           (shouts over from the kitchen) 
                        Grace! Grace! 

           Mia stares into the dark refrigerator: completely empty. 
           Bewilderment in Grace’s face. But she manages to stay 
           composed.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (pulls herself together as much as possible; 
                           glaring at Aiden) 
                        Apparently, somebody here really wants 
                        to starve…    
                           (beat) 
                        Listen. You’ve had your fun. Now, I’m 
                        going to go upstairs for a moment and 
                        when I return, all the food will be 
                        right back where it’s supposed to be and 
                        everything else will be, too. Okay?  

           She turns out and stomps up the stairs.   

                                 MIA 
                           (calls after her) 
                        Grace? 

           But Grace only shakes her head and doesn’t answer. The kids 
           stare after her, watch as she disappears at the top of the 
           stairs and goes into the bathroom.   
           (69) INT. LODGE / BATHROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace slowly breathes in and out to calm herself. Then she 
           opens the bathroom medicine cabinet, where she stores her 
           pills - and stares into a gaping emptiness. No sign of her 
           meds. Frantically, Grace rips open other drawers, nothing. 
           Even the toothbrushes have disappeared, all toiletries are 
           gone. Grace’s panic rises, she finally loses her composure, 
           storms out of the bathroom.    

           (70) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace rushes downstairs. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (right up in the kids’ faces) 
                        Now you’ve really done it. The line’s 
                        been crossed! Where are my pills!?   

           She seems barely recognizable, menacing and hysterical. Mia, 
           panicking, hides behind Aiden.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (intimidated at first) 
                        We didn’t do anything... 

                                 GRACE 
                           (screams) 
                        Keep your bullshit to yourself! Where’re 
                        my pills and all the other things? 
                        They’ve got to be somewhere... 

           Mia starts to cry.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (a little intimidated) 
                        ...maybe ask yourself? You’re the one 
                        who’s creeping through the house all 
                        night long! 

           Grace is briefly disturbed, then manages to suppress the 
           feeling.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Alright then... I’ll go find my things.    
                           (looking Aiden right in the eye) 
                        Starting with your room.  

           She heads up the stairs.    
           (71) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - MORNING  

           Grace enters the kids’ bedroom and looks around. She kneels 
           down to check under the bed. Nothing there. Meanwhile, Aiden 
           and Mia have joined her. 

           Graces glances at the closet, then at the two kids. 
           Triumphantly, she opens the closet door.   

           Then they all freeze in surprise: they gape at the empty 
           closet. All clothes are gone. Even the shrine for the kids’ 
           mother is gone. With the hat, the doll, the photo. 
           Bewilderment.   

                                 MIA 
                           (whining) 
                        My doll, where’s my doll...?  

           Grace stares, stunned, glancing back and forth between the 
           kids and the closet.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (to Grace)  
                        We might have more luck looking in your 
                        room...    

           Aiden has only just uttered the words, but he’s already left 
           the bedroom, hurrying towards Grace’s. 

                                  GRACE 
                            (surprised)  
                        What?... Aiden!... come back... you 
                        certainly won’t...   

           She rushes down the hall after Aiden. But he is already 
           disappearing into her room.  

           (72) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace enters the bedroom and sees Aiden opening her closet. 

                                 GRACE  
                           (screaming, almost hysterical) 
                        Aiden, are you completely...   

           Grace falls silent. She sees Aiden staring in consternation 
           into her closet. Only now does she notice that this one, too, 
           is completely empty: the presents as well as her clothes are 
           missing. It’s unbelievable.  

           Wordlessly Aiden leaves the room. Grace is alone. 
           In disbelief, almost defeated, she sinks down onto the bed. 
           What’s going on? A few seconds pass.   

           Weakly, she glances under the bed: nothing. Then she pulls the 
           nightstand drawer open: inside, only Richard and Laura stare 
           back at her, they are smiling, almost as if they were taunting 
           her. Grace angrily bangs the drawer shut. She breathes deeply. 
           Then she gets up, heads to the door, calls out. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Aiden?! Mia! 

           No reaction. She turns and heads back into the room. Her gaze 
           falls on the window, between the curtains. Something irks 
           Grace. She approaches the window, draws the curtains apart: 
           Loads of red crosses blotch the window pane, just like last 
           night on the bathroom cabinet. Grace’ distress deepens.  

           She looks at the spot on the wall from which she took the 
           crucifix. It’s back in its place, just like the Virgin Mary in 
           the living room. She looks back over to the red painted 
           crosses. She draws her hand across one cross, as if to wipe it 
           away – and sees red lipstick underneath her fingernail.  

                                 MIA 
                        Yes? 

           Mia’s standing in the room, Grace is startled, quickly pulls 
           the curtains shut. 

                                 GRACE 
                        I wanted to... I don’t know, I didn’t 
                        mean it...  

           Mia nods hesitantly.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        I don’t know what’s going on here, 
                        Mia... but... no matter who’s behind 
                        this, we’re going to stick this out 
                        together. We’ll make the best out of 
                        this until your dad gets back, okay?      

           Mia nods, not entirely convinced. 

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        We can do this...  
                           (she nods as if to confirm what’s been said) 
                        Alright. I’ll be down in a minute. We’ll 
                        try to find something to eat...   

           Mia leaves the room. Grace waits for a moment. She quietly 
           closes the door behind the girl.   
           Then she heads to the window and starts wiping away the 
           crosses with a pillow case.  

           She throws the grimy pillowcase in the closet, is about to 
           close the closet door, but stops. The crucifix. Stubbornly she 
           takes it down and stores it in the closet as well. Then she 
           locks the closet, almost like she’s afraid the crucifix might 
           run away. 

           (73) INT. LODGE / BASEMENT - MORNING                   

           Grace, armed with a flashlight in an otherwise pitch dark 
           cellar. At a loss, she presses the generator’s buttons. The 
           signals point to zero.    

                                 GRACE 
                        Shit!    

           Then Grace lights up the room with the beam of her flashlight, 
           looks around the cellar. She searches under shelves, opens a 
           metal trunk: hibernating upholstery for deck chairs, but none 
           of the missing items. Grace curses silently, turns back to the 
           shelves. She takes a few cans, cookies, and jam. As well as 
           several old pairs of green rubber boots. She goes back 
           upstairs.   

           (74) INT. LODGE / KITCHEN - MORNING                   

           Grace in the kitchen. She gets a pot to fill with water. She 
           twists the faucet, but nothing comes out. She keeps turning, 
           still nothing. Anger rises in her again, she grunts, pulls 
           herself together. 

           Grace opens one of the windows. Icy wind comes in, beating 
           against her. She pulls a heap of snow off the window ledge 
           into a pot and closes the window again. 

           (75) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace carries the pot of snow over to the fireplace, where a 
           fire is already flickering. Mia watches in astonishment at how 
           practical Grace is.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (trying to improve the mood)  
                        There are advantages to a very simple 
                        childhood. I’m pretty good at surviving.  

           A smile flits across her face. Mia nibbles on some of the 
           found cookies. 

                                 MIA 
                           (with a mixture of innocence and worry) 
                        Is the thing with the pills very bad?   

           A brief darkness crosses Grace’s features, but she quickly 
           shakes it off:  

                                 GRACE 
                           (dry and quietly ironic) 
                        Nope, nope. You might just have to put 
                        me in a straightjacket.   

           Mia stares with wide eyes and an open mouth. Grace starts to 
           laugh.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Everything’s okay, sweetie! I was 
                        kidding!    

           Aiden returns from the cellar, cursing.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (to Grace) 
                        The fucking generator isn’t working. No 
                        idea why. 
                           (bitterly) 
                        We can forget about power for the time 
                        being. 

           Grace seems visibly concerned.    

                                 GRACE 
                        How far to the next town? 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (even more bitter) 
                        17 miles. Pointless without a car, in 
                        this storm.  

           They are silent. Into the silence:  

                                 MIA 
                           (innocently) 
                        Where’s Grady? 

           Grace is embarrassed that she herself hasn’t notice that her 
           dog has gone missing.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (whistles between two fingers like a pro) 

           She waits confidently. Nothing.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (whistles again) 
           Still, Grady doesn’t come. Grace is worried.  

                                 MIA 
                        Maybe he’s outside?  

                                 GRACE 
                           (panicking) 
                        Grady can’t go outside by himself... 
                           (calling)  
                        Grady?! Grady?!  
                           (after a brief pause) 
                        Or did one of you leave the door open? 

           Mia and Aiden shake their heads vigorously. Grace leaps up and 
           storms towards the door.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                           (panicking) 
                         Grady?!   

           (76) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - NOON                  

           Fog and whirling snow. One can barely see one’s hand in front 
           of one’s face. 

                                 MIA, AIDEN, GRACE 
                                 (O.S.) 
                        Grady!! Grady!!   

           Only the storm howls in reply. Mia, Aiden, and Grace are 
           wrapped in blankets, wearing rubber boots and wandering 
           through the thick snow, one can barely see a foot ahead, the 
           search seems pointless. Still, the three make their way 
           through the cold. Mia is screaming with a face reddened by 
           exhaustion and cold.   

                                 MIA 
                        Grady!! 

           (77) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON                   

           Back at the house. Mia is quaking on the sofa, wrapped in 
           blankets. Grace is at her side, rubbing her back for warmth. 
           Aiden at the counter, searching the cupboard for food. Mia is 
           silent, seems exhausted.  

                                 MIA 
                           (feebly, into oppressive silence) 
                        I want Papa.  

                                 GRACE  
                           (tries comforting her) 
                        It'll be fine, sweetheart... I 
                        promise... Everything'll be fine. 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (aggressively at Grace) 
                        How can you say that? You have no idea 
                        it’ll be fine! We don’t even know what’s 
                        going on here, do we? 

           (78) EXTERIOR – LODGE / EVENING                   

           Outside, the heavy snow storm is still ongoing, the wind 
           howling eerily. Grace opens the door and sets out a bowl with 
           improvised dog food: beans and cookie crumbs. She stares 
           briefly into the dark.  

                                 AIDEN (O.S.) 
                        Grace! 

           (79) INT. LODGE / KITCHEN - EVENING  

                                 AIDEN   
                        Grace!                  

           Grace returning to the living room.  

                                 AIDEN (CONT’D)  
                        ...my phone’s working!                  

           Aiden runs towards her. His phone is lit up. A shimmer of 
           hope. But in the next moment, Aiden stops short: the automatic 
           date shows January 9th. He manages to just barely show Grace – 
           as she rushes towards him - before the screen goes blank 
           again. The phone is dead. Aiden looks at Grace, questioningly. 
           Grace shakes her head in irritation.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Impossible... 

           She has an idea, turns to the old cuckoo-clock on the living 
           room wall. She gets close up to it and checks: even here, the 
           tiny date says – January 9th. Grace is pensive, Aiden has 
           joined her. He starts to say something, then falls silent 
           again. Clearly this is difficult for him.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (halting and uncertain) 
                        I... I dreamed last night that... 
                           (he breaks off, starts anew) 
                        ...that the gas heater started smoking. 
                        We couldn’t breathe. And... and all of 
                        us suffocated. Mia too... and you. 

           Aiden falters, he glances at Grace, appears more child-like 
           than usual. Grace doesn’t know how to deal with him.  

           Suddenly the cuckoo jumps out of the clock.  

                                 CUCKOO!!!  
                           (Mini Jump Scare!)   

           Grace flinches, then laughs. She turns to Aiden, tries 
           appeasing him with a joke.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (to Aiden) 
                        Clearly, I’m not the only one who could 
                        use meds.  

           (80) INTERIOR – LODGE / LIVING ROOM - EVENING                   

           In the living room, the glass with the sea monkeys has now 
           thawed. The dead sea monkeys are floating on the water 
           surface. 

           Grace and the kids are sitting at the dinner table with a pot 
           of heated canned beans. Grace portions them out. They eat in 
           silence, no one is particularly appreciative. The atmosphere 
           is very tense.    

           (81) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - LATE EVENING                   

           Mia lying in bed under several blankets, Grace standing beside 
           her, a little lost; Mia is apparently saying her good night 
           prayers.  

                                 MIA 
                           (praying quietly and pleadingly) 
                        ...and protect my brother and Papa.   
                           (glancing at Grace)  
                        Make that we find Grady and that nothing 
                        happens to him... Amen.   

           Grace is visibly moved, she tenderly touches Mia’s hair.    

           (82) INT. LODGE / BATHROOM – NIGHT 

           Grace in the dark bathroom, gazing at the open, empty medicine 
           cabinet. She reaches in, runs her hands along the shelves, as 
           if to make sure her pills aren’t there somewhere. They aren’t.   
           As Grace withdraws her hands she notices they are shaking. 
           Grace must hold onto something to stay calm.   

           (83) INT. LODGE / GRACE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

                                 MONOTONE HOWLING OF 
                                 THE WIND FROM 
                                 OUTSIDE 

           Grace lying in bed with open eyes, unable to sleep. She 
           glances at the light outline of the crucifix on her wall, rubs 
           the scars on her palms, as though they might be aching. The 
           wind howls loudly. Or is it the wind? The wind’s cries sound 
           almost human. Grace listens closely to the still of the night. 
           Nothing to be heard.   

                                 CRASHING NOISE 
                                 (O.S.) 

           Grace is startled when her bedroom door bangs open. It’s Mia.  

                                 MIA 
                           (frightened and unsettled) 
                        I heard something... 

           Grace recovers from her fright and attempts to seem as calm as 
           possible. 

                                 GRACE 
                        What did you hear, sweetie? 

           Mia hesitates.  

                                 MIA 
                           (whispers) 
                        A voice.  

           (84) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Grace takes Mia back to her room and puts her to bed, gently 
           petting her hair. 

                                 RATTLING NOISE 

           Coming from the window - apparently, the storm has torn it 
           open. Grace goes to close it.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Look sweetie, it wasn’t a voice. That 
                        was just a window, that... that...   
           Grace falters, she suddenly seems concerned. Down below, in 
           the snow surrounding the lodge, dozens of snow angels have 
           assembled. Like an army. The flatly falling moonlight barely 
           touches them and they thus appear as dark shadows, 
           frightening, like snow demons. Grace quickly closes the 
           curtains so that Mia won’t notice.    

                                 GRACE 
                           (hiding her own unease) 
                        Sleep tight, Sweetie! Tomorrow 
                        everything’ll be better.   

           (85) INT. LODGE / GRACE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

                                 MONOTONOUS HOWLING 
                                 OF THE WIND OUTSIDE   

           Grace lying in bed with open eyes. Suddenly a voice cuts 
           through the quiet. It is distinctly audible, a woman’s voice 
           howling through the night. Grace sits up. The voice is still 
           there. Grace presses her hands to her ears, takes them away. 
           Still, the voice. Grace overcomes her fears and gets up. She 
           opens her bedroom door, hesitates, steps out into the hall.  

           (86) INT. LODGE / HALLWAY - NIGHT 

           Grace in the dark hall. She stares down into the shadows, 
           trying to make out the source of the singing voice. Suddenly 
           everything goes completely quiet again. Grace’s nose starts to 
           bleed.   

           (87) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - DAWN  

           Grace, wrapped in blankets, goes around the house and looks 
           out at the snowed-in snow angels who, in the blue light of 
           dawn, appear hardly less demonic than the previous night. 
           Grace seems pensive. 

           It’s bitterly cold and practically windless. Grace stands 
           outside the lodge, where Grady’s improvised food bowl lies 
           buried in snow. She brushes the snow away with her hand.  

           She notices traces of animal tracks leading towards the frozen 
           lake. Whether these are Grady’s paw prints or not is hard to 
           tell.   

           Grace nevertheless follows the tracks and stops at the edge of 
           the lake. The paw prints continue. She hesitates, looks around 
           fearfully, then forces herself out onto the ice.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Grady?   
           Nothing. Grace hardly dares go further. She turns to head back 
           to the lodge. 

           She notices something strange: beneath a snowdrift, something 
           is shimmering. It’s red. Grace gets closer and starts to dig. 
           A plastic flower peels itself out of the snow. She continues 
           to dig. More and more flowers appear. It’s completely absurd.   

           She then finds two find small stuffed animals and three grave 
           candles in the snow. And then a photo showing Aiden and Mia, 
           with a black ribbon attached to it. It looks like a little 
           memorial. More distress.  

                                 AIDEN (O.S.) 
                        Grace? 

           Startled, Grace crumples the things she dug up hastily and 
           buries it in the show. She kicks an extra layer of snow over 
           it.   

           (88) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM – MORNING                   

           Grace enters the lodge, she is visibly nervous and unsettled. 
           Aiden, who has been standing at the window beside the door, 
           apparently peering out, looks at her in astonishment.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Up already? 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (evading her question)  
                        What were you doing? 

                                 GRACE 
                           (lies, pulling off her boots) 
                        Nothing. I went outside to look for 
                        Grady...I found tracks...but nothing...  

           Grace heads into the living room. Aiden gazes skeptically out 
           the window. Something doesn’t seem right to him. He pulls on 
           rubber boots, prepares to go outside.     

           (89) INT. LODGE - AFTERNOON                

           Grace alone at the kitchen counter. She keeps trying to switch 
           on her phone, the display flickers briefly and then darkens 
           again. She curses quietly, the Virgin Mary gazes sternly down 
           on her. Grace’s hands shake, she holds them tightly.   

           She heads up the stairs, passes the kids’ room, and hears 
           Mia’s voice. It sounds like she’s on the phone. Grace stops, 
           goes back to the door, listens.   
                                 MIA 
                        Yeah... and we went sledding and it was 
                        so much fun... Yeah, and - Papa?... Hm.  
                           (laughs) 

           Grace is irritated and pushes the door open wide. Mia is 
           sitting on her bed, her back to the door. Frightened, she lets 
           her phone sink the moment she hears the door, as though trying 
           to hide it.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (consternation, almost anger) 
                        ... your phone’s working?... 

           Grace approaches Mia and pulls Mia’s phone out of her hand.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        ...What?... 

           She stares at the screen. It’s black. No signal, no battery. 
           She looks questioningly at Mia, who looks back, frightened.   

                                 MIA 
                            (stuttering)  
                        ...I... I just was playing...I wanted 
                        to... I’d... I want Papa.  

           Guilt can be seen in Grace’s face. She returns to the phone. 

           (90) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - EVENING                   

           Mia, Aiden and Grace at the dinner table. Two plates are 
           empty, only Mia’s plate is full. She pushes it away.   

                                 MIA 
                           (yammering) 
                        I want my doll... and Papa.  

           The dead sea monkeys are still floating on the surface of the 
           murky water. Slowly, they are starting to decay.   

           (91) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Grace is lying in bed, her eyes closed.   

                                 QUIET, INDISTINCT 
                                 NOISES (O.S.) 

           She opens her eyes, she clearly hasn’t been sleeping. She 
           waits to hear more. She doesn’t hear anything, closes her eyes 
           again.   
                                 SUDDEN LOUD AND 
                                 HEAVY RUMBLING 
                                 (O.S.)  

           Grace’s eyes fly open.  

                                 CREAKING, GROANING, 
                                 SUDDEN FOOTSTEPS 
                                 (O.S.)  

           It seems like someone is in the house. Grace is clearly 
           afraid. She conquers her fear, quietly rises, thinks for a 
           moment. Then she heads to the safe and removes Richard’s gun.   

           (92) INT. LODGE / HALL - NIGHT                   

           Gun in one hand and flashlight in the other, Grace steps out 
           into the dark hallway.   

                                 MORE NOISES 
                           (hard to locate, but distinctly audible)  

           Grace listens, tries to decipher their origin. Gun out and 
           holding her breath, she crouches downstairs, towards the 
           living room. But nobody’s there.   

           Grace lets the beam of the flashlight wander through the 
           kitchen, bearing the unbelievable fear of actually finding 
           someone. But no one’s in the kitchen, either.    

                                 NOISES 
                           (suddenly and distinctly coming from 
                           upstairs) 

           Grace is startled. She quickly climbs the stairs, listens, the 
           noises are coming from Mia and Aiden’s room.  

                                 STRANGE CREAKING, 
                                 FOOTSTEPS FROM HEAVY 
                                 FOOTWEAR (O.S.) 

           Grace steps in front of the closed door, not daring to open 
           it. Then she overcomes her fear.   

           (93) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT / MORNING                  

                                 GRACE 
                           (screaming) 

           A boy is dangling dead from one of the rafters - he’s hanged 
           himself. Rhythmically, his lifeless body moves back and forth, 
           rhythmically the rafter creaks and groans.  
           The boy’s eyes are bulging from their sockets, his tongue is 
           hanging from his mouth, a noticeable port-wine stain runs 
           across his face.   

                                 GRACE  
                        Aaron!... Aaron!!... 

           A sudden flood of light, Grace is still standing in Mia’s and 
           Aiden’s room, her hand is clutching Richard’s gun. Her eyes 
           are open, and yet she seems to be asleep. She’s sleepwalking. 
           Both kids are trying to shake her.  

                                 MIA AND AIDEN 
                           (calling in agitation) 
                        Grace!!! Grace!!!  

           Aiden pulls Grace’s arm, she starts flailing. With the barrel 
           of the gun she hits Mia’s face, flinging her against the 
           closet.    

                                 MIA 
                           (yelps)  

           Aiden, too. Then Grace wakes, she seems frightened and 
           confused. Grace’s eyes don’t seem to be in this world. It’s 
           already the next morning. Mia, with a small laceration over 
           her eye, glances at Grace uncertainly. A thin trickle of blood 
           is running down her face, Grace stares at her in shock. Only 
           then does she notice the gun in her hand. The hand is shaking. 
           With a stunned look, she squats down on the floor, totally 
           appalled by herself. Grace makes a decision:   

                                 GRACE 
                        We’ve got to get out of here.  

           The kids stare at her, wide-eyed.  

           (94) INT. LODGE / KITCHEN - MORNING                   

           Grace stuffs crackers and cookies into a bag, fills water into 
           plastic bottles. Her hands are really shaking now - even more 
           than back in the bathroom. Grace seems disconcerted by this.   

           Aiden comes down the stairs, sees that Grace is packing 
           provisions.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (certain and confident) 
                        We’re definitely not coming. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Oh yes you are. No discussion. 
                                 AIDEN 
                        Don’t you get it!? It’s totally 
                        pointless!   

                                 GRACE 
                        I desperately need my pills. And we’ve 
                        got to call Richard. Pack your things!   

           Instead of a reply, Aiden draws out a photo. The same photo 
           Grace buried under the snow: It shows Mia and Aiden, a black 
           ribbon is attached to it.   

           Aiden stares at Grace. Grace is strangely quiet. 

                                 AIDEN 
                        What do you think it means? And my dream 
                        about all of us dying?   

                                 GRACE 
                           (after a brief beat) 
                        You can’t be serious, Aiden? This is 
                        somebody’s stupid prank!   
                           (another beat) 
                        We’ve got to get going... or... we’ve 
                        got to get going.   

           (95) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace - clearly prepared for departure in boots and with a 
           blanket across her shoulders -  at the open safe that the 
           pistol has been returned to. She is thinking. Finally she 
           makes a decision, takes the gun and pushes it into her 
           waistband.   

           (96) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - MORNING                   

           Snow as far as the eye can see. The three set out. Grace is 
           stomping ahead. Aiden, pulling an old wooden sled, behind her.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        We’ll never make it to town! That’s 
                        crazy!   

           Grace ignores him. Mia attempts to keep up, but she’s clearly 
           struggling.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (to Mia) 
                        Tread in my steps, it’ll be easier!   
           (97) EXT. SNOWY LANDSCAPE - NOON                   

           The three figures are silhouettes against the dismal, overcast 
           sky. They are toiling up a hill.    

           Icy wind is blowing in their reddened faces. Single snowflakes 
           announce heavier snowfall, Aiden looks around, disconcerted.  

           Mia too seems to be despairing, she appears exhausted.    

           But Grace keeps urging the kids onwards, almost maniacally 
           stomping through the knee-high snow.   

           (98) EXT. STEEP SLOPE - AFTERNOON                   

           A steep slope. It is snowing fiercely. The three attempt to 
           slide down the slope on the sled, but the snow is too deep. 
           They keep getting stuck. Then the sled capsizes. Grace and the 
           kids are lying in a snowdrift, they pick themselves up, all 
           wet.  

           They toil up the next hill. Panting and heavy steps. Aiden is 
           leading now and he is walking quicker. Grace hurries after 
           him, turns around for Mia at a particularly steep spot to make 
           sure all is right. She turns back around and starts: Aiden has 
           disappeared from her line of vision.   

                                 AIDEN (O.S.) 
                           (cries out) 

           Snow swirls.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (worried) 
                        Aiden!! 

           Snow and fog everywhere, and no trace of Aiden. Now Mia, too, 
           has noticed his disappearance.   

                                 GRACE AND MIA 
                        Aiden! Aiden!!  

           Grace and Mia are looking for Aiden. The snowfall is very 
           heavy now, one couldn’t even make out one’s hand in front of 
           one’s eyes.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (with increasing despair) 
                        Aiden!? Aiden!?!  

           Mia, too, starts to panic more and more. Grace tries to calm 
           her.  
                                 GRACE 
                        We’ll find him, Sweetie! 
                           (loudly)  
                        Aiden!?!  

           No reply. Only the howl of the wind. 

                                 MIA 
                           (quickly) 
                        Shh. I heard something! 

           Grace listens up, can’t make anything out, shakes her head, 
           then Mia takes her by the hand and drags her through the fog - 
           still no trace of Aiden. Until Grace finally hears a voice 
           calling from afar.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (weakly and from quite a distance) 
                        Here! Here!  

                                 GRACE 
                        Aiden! 

           Both start to run, through the falling snow and thick fog. 

                                 AIDEN 
                        Here!! 

           But now Aiden’s voice, strangely, seems to come from another 
           direction; it’s almost lost in the fog and snow. Mia, still 
           clutching Grace’s hand, drags her onwards in a panic, further 
           and further into the fog to find Aiden. Despair. Finally, and 
           it seems to have taken forever: a shadow.  

                                 MIA 
                        Aiden! 

           Mia runs towards him. Aiden seems unhurt, but he is completely 
           soaked.   

           Aiden pants, exhausted, Grace wants to give him water. With 
           stiff fingers, she pulls the bottles out of the bag, but the 
           water inside is frozen. Grace checks the other bottles - all 
           frozen. Only now does it hit her. There’s no point. They have 
           to go back.  

           (99) EXT. SNOWY LANDSCAPE IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - EVENING                   

           Grace drags the sled with Mia on it, both kids are shivering 
           with cold. Grace coughs and sweats, her eyes flicker, still, 
           she won’t allow herself to rest. Completely frozen and 
           exhausted, the three reach the lodge. It’s already dark.   
           (100) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - EVENING                   

           Mia is crouching at the fireplace, freezing; she’s stuffing 
           the remains of the cookies into her mouth, a fire is already 
           crackling in front of her. Aiden is totally exhausted. He is 
           lying on the sofa, pale with cold.  

           Grace sets a pot with snow onto the fire. Then she tries 
           opening a can of beans to heat up. Her fingers are clammy, she 
           can’t get the can to open. She curses soundlessly and sets 
           down the unopened can near the fire.   

           (101) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                   

           The fire has burned down, Mia has apparently gone to sleep. 
           Grace goes to sit with Aiden on the sofa. Her movements are 
           strangely slow and rigid, almost as though she were padded. 
           Both are quiet for a while.   

                                 AIDEN  
                        How would we know..?  

           Grace looks at him questioningly.  

                                 AIDEN (CONT’D) 
                        If we were dead... How would we know? 

                                 GRACE  
                        We're not dead. 

                                 AIDEN 
                        How d'you know? 

                                 GRACE 
                        Because it doesn't make sense! Because 
                        I'm sitting here talking to you..! Also 
                        I'm tired and I'm hungry and my feet 
                        feel like they're on fire! 

                                 AIDEN 
                        Maybe that's what it's like. For us 
                        anyway. It doesn't make sense because it 
                        doesn't have to.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Well call me naive, but I always figured 
                        Heaven would be a little more... 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (interrupting) 
                        Who says we're in Heaven..?  
           Grace laughs, but her laughter sounds like despair. A long 
           silence between the two.   

                                 AIDEN (CONT’D) 
                        We’re stuck here... Wendy should have 
                        come by with firewood long ago 
                        and...and... What about the photo with 
                        the black ribbon? And the grave candles? 
                        What do you think it means? It’s as 
                        though... as though we were being 
                        punished. We’re... we’re... 
                           (he falters) 

                                 GRACE  
                        ...in purgatory. Is that what you’re 
                        trying to say?   

           Grace laughs again, this time however almost soundlessly. Then 
           she shakes her head as if to herself.   

           (102) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                   

           Aiden’s fallen asleep in front of the warm fireplace. He still 
           looks like he’s freezing. Grace drapes another blanket over 
           him. Suddenly she thinks she can hear a voice, louder and more 
           pronounced than before. It’s Laura’s voice.   

                                 LAURA 
                           (quietly, unreal, und eerie) 
                        Santa Baby, a fifty-four 
                        convertible too... Light Blue... 
                        I’ll wait up for you, dear Santa 
                        baby, so hurry down the chimney 
                        tonight... 

           Grace first holds her ears closed, then takes them away. 
           Still, the voice. Grace rises and follows the singing, it 
           seems to be coming from above, Grace heads up the stairs. 

           (103) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

                                 LAURA (CONT’D) 
                           (singing) 
                        Think of all the fun I've missed 
                        Think of all the fellas that I haven't 
                        kissed. 
                        Next year I could be also good 
                        If you'll check off my Christmas list. 

           Grace looks into the kids’ room. Mia’s sitting on her bed, 
           looking at her. 

                                  MIA 
                           (astonished) 
                        You can hear it too? 

           Grace nods.  

                                 MIA (CONT’D) 
                        It’s Mama.  

           The voice is singing ghostly in the dark. It’s eerie.   

           Grace kneels on the ground in front of Mia. She folds her 
           hands and starts to pray, praying against her fear.  

                                 GRACE 
                        Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is 
                        with thee; blessed art thou amongst 
                        women, and blessed is the fruit of thy 
                        womb, Jesus... 

           Mia, too, kneels beside Grace, she folds her hands and joins 
           in the prayer. Both grow louder and louder, as though they are 
           trying to drown out the eerily singing voice.   

                                 GRACE AND MIA 
                        ...Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us 
                        sinners, now and at the hour of death. 
                        Amen. 

           (104) INT. LODGE / BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Dawn. Grace is back in her room. She fetches the wooden 
           crucifix out of the closet and puts it back up on the wall. 
           She kneels before it and starts to pray.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (earnestly and wholeheartedly) 
                        Heavenly father, forgive me, forgive me 
                        for losing my faith and lapsing! Forgive 
                        that I no longer go to your church, the 
                        house of God. Forgive my sins, that I 
                        abandoned my father, that I sinned and 
                        doubted you. I will repent and bring 
                        sacrifices for the sins I have 
                        committed. Oh Lord.   
                           (She rubs the scars in the palms of her 
                           hands)  
                        I ask you: give me strength to find the 
                        right way to protect these children who 
                        were entrusted into my care. Give me a 
                        sign, for you are the light of this 
                        world, for you can do anything...  
                                 LOUD SLAMMING DOOR 
                                 (O.S.)    

           Grace is startled. 

           (105) INT. LODGE / HALL - MORNING                   

           Grace comes out into the hallway, she looks around.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Hello? Hello?  

           No response, only further noises in the living room. 
           Meanwhile, Mia and Aiden have come out of their rooms as well. 
           Grace heads downstairs with a mixture of fear and hope. 
           Suddenly, to Grace’s surprise and relief: Wendy, the girl from 
           the gas station, is standing there, about to set two flowers 
           on the sofa. 

                                 GRACE 
                           (breathing a sigh of relief) 
                        Wendy!  

           But strangely, Wendy doesn’t hear her. She just keeps staring 
           sadly at the flowers, then puts a sheet of paper on the couch 
           side table. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Wendy!? 

           Again, no reaction. Wendy makes the sign of the cross, as 
           though Grace were air, and gets ready to leave the house. 
           Grace seems extremely distressed. Wendy has almost reached the 
           door, but turns around and gazes back into the room as if in a 
           final farewell.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (properly screaming) 
                        Wendy!!  

           Aiden and Mia join in the shouting.   

                                 GRACE, MIA, AIDEN 
                        Wendy, Wendy!! 

           Wendy however does not seem to hear or see them. Instead, she 
           opens the door and heads out. As if this were a signal, Grace 
           breaks out of her torpor and lunges after Wendy. But Wendy has 
           already locked the door behind her. Grace bangs against the 
           door, trying to make herself heard, and finally lets go, 
           searching for keys in a panic and finding them.  
           But by the time she has opened the door and gone through it, 
           there’s no trace of Wendy to be seen. Grace runs after her 
           nevertheless, without shoes, barefoot in the snow. Again and 
           again she calls Wendy’s name - no reply. It’s like she’s 
           vanished into thin air.   

           (106) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - MORNING                   

           Grace keeps on running, tears are starting to stream down her 
           cheeks. Barefoot, she stumbles about, a lonely spot in the icy 
           landscape. Then she falls on her knees, head towards the sky, 
           her hands folded as if in prayer.     

           (107) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                   

           Aiden and Mia stare at the piece of paper Wendy left next to 
           the flowers, they look totally shocked. 

           Just then Grace enters, shaking with cold. Aiden looks at her 
           detachedly.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        I was right.  

           Aiden shows Grace the paper. It’s a church bulletin, dating to 
           the 9th of January, the announcement of a funeral service. 
           Photos of Grace and the children underneath an obituary about 
           a tragedy in the mountains, caused by a defective gas heater.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (screams aggressively, like a maniac) 
                        Stop this at once! This is bullshit! Go 
                        to your room!   

           Aiden laughs in despair.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        Have you gone crazy? We’re in purgatory 
                        and you’re grounding me? 

           Without a warning, Grace pulls Aiden by his hair.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Will you stop scaring your sister. Go to 
                        your room.   

           Mia really seems to be filled with fear. Afraid of Grace, who 
           seems totally changed and jerks Aiden’s hair again.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (muffled by pain) 
                        Ok...ok. 

           Grace lets go, she goes completely still. Aiden stumbles up 
           the stairs.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (walking, stubbornly) 
                        Just wait… I’ll show you.  

           Grace ignores him.  

           (108) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - MORNING                  

           Grace picks up the church bulletin Wendy brought. In a mixture 
           of anger and despair, she throws it in the trash along with 
           the flowers. 

                                 MIA (O.S.) 
                           (in heightened panic) 
                        Grace!!! Grace!!! 

           Mia’s panicked screams cut through from upstairs and yank 
           Grace out of her trance. Grace wipes away her tears and runs 
           up the stairs.   

                                 UNCOMFORTABLE, 
                                 SNAPPING NOISE 
                           (from kids’ room) 

                                 MIA 
                           (screams) 

           (109) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Grace tears the door open to the kids’ room, what she sees 
           would make her scream, if only she could: Aiden is dangling 
           from the ceiling. He’s hung himself on one of the rafters, 
           just like Grace’s brother in the previous night’s dream. Mia 
           is standing beside him in dumb shock. Grace stares at him with 
           wide open eyes.   

           Suddenly Aiden raises his head, Grace finally screams.  

                                 GRACE 
                           (screams) 

           Aiden looks her right in the eye; a completely crazy sight.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (calmly and almost tenderly) 
                        You see, we can’t die, we’re already 
                        dead. We’re caught in purgatory.   
           Grace places her hand on her mouth and stumbles backwards from 
           the room, she can still hear Aiden speaking through the door.    

                                 AIDEN (O.S.) 
                        We’ve got to confess to our sins so we 
                        can go to heaven. You too, Grace…!     

           (110) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NOON                   

           Grace stumbles through the living room in a daze. Her shocked 
           gaze meets the dark eyes of the Virgin Mary, still staring at 
           her reproachfully from the heavy picture frame.   

           Grace runs towards the painting, falls to her knees.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Mother of God in heaven, please, help 
                        me! Please, Mother, protect me... Why 
                        did you leave? Mother?  

           She starts shaking the image, then pulls it off the wall.   

                                 GRACE 
                        You left me all alone...  
                           (Grace cries out like a beast) 

           She throws the painting of the Virgin on the fire.  

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                           (screaming loudly, inhumanly) 

           Grace storms out of the lodge, barefoot as she is.    

           The face of the Virgin Mary blisters and colors itself darker 
           and darker, finally going up in flames.   

           (111) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NOON                   

                                 GRACE (O.S.) 
                           (continues to scream, her screams cut 
                           through, muted, to the kids’ room) 

           Aiden meanwhile has freed himself of the rope. He and Mia are 
           looking out the window, they see Grace kicking at the snow 
           angels in front of the lodge. Again and again she screams, as 
           if she has lost her senses completely.   

           (112) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - AFTERNOON                   

           The kids are sitting on the floor of their bedroom, it’s dark 
           now, the screams have stopped. Aiden heads to the window, he 
           looks outside, Mia joins him.   
           Grace is crouching lifelessly in the snow. Only after a while 
           does Aiden notice Grace clutching something white and stiff.    

                                 MIA 
                        Grady! 

           And really, Grace is holding her dead dog, whom she has 
           apparently found. Mia looks shocked, and a moment later she is 
           about to run out of the room. But Aiden holds her back.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        Don’t.  

                                 MIA 
                        ...it was my fault...  

           Tears fill her eyes. 

                                 AIDEN 
                        ...we didn’t mean to. Something like 
                        that can... 

                                 MIA 
                        But I wasn’t careful...  

           Mia tears herself free and runs out. 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (hissing to himself) 
                        Fuck. 

           (113) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - AFTERNOON                   

           Mia storms out into the open. The sight of Grace stops her:   

           She’s crouching on the ground in the snow, gently rocking back 
           and forth. In her arms Grady, stiffly frozen, whom she is 
           gently and mindlessly pressing to her chest like a baby. She 
           is crying quietly.  

           Mia slowly approaches Grace, her eyes are filled with tears.   

           After a while she manages to get hold of herself.   

                                 MIA 
                           (with a soft, unusually thin voice) 
                         Grace...  

           But Grace doesn’t seem to hear.   

                                 MIA (CONT’D) 
                           (starts to cry) 
                        Grace...I’m so...I’m so sorry...about 
                        Grady...  
           From upstairs, from the window of the kids’ room, Aiden looks 
           down on the scene. His face is dark.   

           Grace seems to be looking through Mia, as though she can’t 
           hear what Mia is saying. She rocks Grady over and over.  

                                 MIA 
                        We opened the door and... Grady just 
                        suddenly got out. We couldn’t find 
                        him... we’re so sorry!   
                           (she weeps)  

           Grace doesn’t react, just keeps on silently rocking her dog.   

           Now Aiden comes out of the house. Mia looks at him 
           imploringly, Aiden joins them. He seems at a loss.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (after a brief pause, to Mia) 
                        Should we bury him?    

           Grace looks at him questioningly, as though she were just 
           grasping what’s being said. She shakes her head. Tears run 
           down her cheeks. She turns back to her dog. Mia takes her hand 
           and tries to get her to stand up and go inside. But Grace 
           won’t move from her spot. She starts murmuring a prayer. Mia 
           gives her brother a desperate look.   

           (114) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - AFTERNOON                   

           Aiden and Mia are sitting in their room, they keep watching 
           Grace, who is still kneeling in the snow. Dusk is falling.   

                                 MIA 
                           (her voice is trembling) 
                        She’ll freeze to death.  

           (115) INT. LODGE / BASEMENT - LATE AFTERNOON                   

           The kids push a trunk to the side. Beneath it, a wooden door 
           to a small cellar. Inside: the heater, clothing, food. Even 
           the shrine the kids built for their mother. Aiden pulls out a 
           winter jacket and food, Mia takes the Mama-Doll and clutches 
           her tight.   

           (116) INT. LODGE / FOYER - LATE AFTERNOON                   

           Mia standing at the door, she’s wearing her winter coat and is 
           holding the Mama-Doll in her hand. 

                                 MIA 
                           (calling out to Grace) 
                        Grace, Grace, come in! Please! Come 
                        inside! 

           But Grace won’t react. She seems totally lost in thought.   

           (117) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - LATE AFTERNOON                   

           Aiden leaves the lodge and heads towards Grace. He places a 
           blanket around her shoulders. In his hand, he is holding the 
           orange pillbox. He shakes it to gain her attention and places 
           it in front of her in the snow. Grace keeps on praying, 
           staring at the sky. Stray flakes of snow are starting to fall. 
           She looks quite pale, her lips are blue. She’s shaking, but 
           doesn’t seem to notice.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Please Grace, it’s so cold.  

           Mia has joined him; the kids try to drag Grace inside. But she 
           won’t let them.  

           The two kids glance at each other. Aiden shakes his head, then 
           they come to a decision:   

                                 AIDEN  
                        Grace...we...it was us... We did all of 
                        this, we...we wanted to teach you a 
                        lesson...because...  

                                 MIA 
                           (interrupts him) 
                        It was for our Mama. We did it for Mama! 

           Mia’s eyes are filled with tears. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Aiden, Mia, we’re all sinners on Earth, 
                        may the Lord have mercy that we may 
                        enter the kingdom of heaven.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        Grace, do you understand? None of this 
                        was real! I didn’t hang myself, either. 

           As proof Aiden pulls up his sweater. Beneath it we see his 
           climbing harness, several metal carabiners dangle from it.  

           Grace doesn’t pay him any attention. Instead, she starts to 
           pray. 

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        Our father, who art in heaven, hallowed 
                        be thy name...   
           Aiden and Mia stare at her, they don’t know what to do.  

                                 MIA 
                           (with a trembling voice) 
                        We’ve got to call Papa.  

           (118) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - EVENING                   

           Aiden pulls out his phone and plugs it into the charger, which 
           the kids apparently had with them the whole time. But its 
           battery is dead.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        Fuck. 

           He switches on his phone, it briefly flashes on, then goes 
           dark.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Mia, does yours have any juice? 

           Mia shakes her head. 

                                 MIA  
                           (sheepishly) 
                        I was on the phone for too long... with 
                        dad. 

           (119) INT. LODGE / BASEMENT - EVENING                   

           Aiden tries to get the generator going again.   

                                 AIDEN 
                        Fuck. I know exactly how this works! 

           But the generator simply won’t turn on. Aiden pours a little 
           more Diesel from a black canister into the generator. Still, 
           it won’t start. Aiden seems desperate.   

           (120) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT                  

           Mia and Aiden are sitting in their room, wrapped in blankets, 
           they seem downcast and distraught. Suddenly they hear a sound.   

                                 FRONT DOOR SHUTTING 
                                 (O.S.) 

           For a moment, they don’t dare leave the bed. They are 
           frightened. Eventually they rise nevertheless.   

           (121) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                  

           In the dark, lit only by the glow of the fireplace in the 
           living room, Mia and Aiden tiptoe downstairs. 
                                 AIDEN 
                           (excessively careful) 
                        Grace? 

           When they see Grace, the kids freeze: in the dark room, Grace 
           is standing at the fireplace, a glowing log in front of her. 
           Apparently, she has just pulled it out of the fire. The log 
           smolders and smokes. Grace quietly mumbles a prayer, then she 
           kneels on the glowing log.    

                                 SOUNDS OF BURNING 
                                 SKIN   

           An eerie image, even more so because as Grace’s hands are 
           folded, her nose and toes seem to be blackened. Are they black 
           with frostbite or is it just the creepy shadows cast by the 
           flickering fire?   

           Mia starts to cry.  

                                 MIA 
                        I’m scared. 

           Aiden hugs and consoles her.  

           In her waistband, Grace is still carrying Richard’s gun. Her 
           religious mumbling wanders menacingly through the room.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Therefore, I call myself guilty and 
                        repent in dust and ashes. I regret my 
                        sins, my impurity, my desire and the 
                        fornication I committed with a married 
                        man; I regret lies I’ve spoken and the 
                        misfortune I brought over his family...  

           The kids can’t hear Grace anymore, they’ve run up the stairs 
           and into their room. 

           (122) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT                   

           Darkness. The kids are crouching underneath a blanket in their 
           room.   

                                 FOOTSTEPS AND 
                                 MUMBLED PRAYER  
                           (outside the door, they seem to come closer 
                           and closer) 

           Briefly a flashlight lights up the cave beneath the blanket, 
           showing Mia’s and Aiden’s frightened faces. Mia is clutching 
           her Mama-Doll. The kids listen. The footsteps and prayers have 
           suddenly stopped. The kids hold their breath.  
           Suddenly, the silence is torn apart by agonized screaming 
           outside the door. Mia and Aiden wince in fright.    

                                 BEASTLY CRIES OF 
                                 PAIN AND ANGUISH   

           The kids are visibly frightened. After a while the howling 
           turns into a quiet whimper. The kids are awestruck.   

           (123) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Aiden has fallen asleep. A sound wakes him. Tired, he opens 
           his eyes - and sees Mia standing by the door. In one hand 
           she’s holding the Mama-Doll. Aiden casts a questioning look in 
           her direction.   

                                 MIA 
                        I gotta go pee.  

           Aiden vigorously shakes his head.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Then pee in the closet. We can’t go 
                        outside now.   

           Now Mia vigorously shakes her head. She looks through the 
           keyhole, nothing to be seen.   

                                 MIA 
                           (whispers) 
                        She’s not here. 

           Mia unlocks the bedroom door.   

                                 AIDEN 
                           (hisses) 
                        Don’t! 

           Nevertheless, his sister turns the knob and pulls the door 
           towards her.  

           (124) INT. LODGE / HALL - MORNING                

           The hallway outside the bedroom door really is empty. Still, 
           Mia is frightened. Carefully, she creeps down the hallway, 
           anxiously looking left and right. No sign of Grace.   

           Mia rushes past the door, into the bathroom. Quickly she locks 
           the door behind her.   

           (125) INT. LODGE / BATHROOM / HALL - MORNING                   

           Mia is finished, she unlocks the door.   
                                 MIA 
                           (screams) 

           Grace is standing outside in the hallway. Shocked, Mia drops 
           the Mama-Doll. Grace stares down at the girl, her fingers, 
           toes, nose, and ears have frozen and are almost black, her 
           shins and knees are dirty flesh wounds. She is standing still 
           and smiling at Mia. It’s terrifying. Richard’s gun is still 
           held in her waistband, Mama-Doll at her feet.   

           Mia stares at Grace, then she gathers all her courage and runs 
           past her. She runs without looking back, all the way into her 
           bedroom.   

           (126) INT. LODGE / KIDS’ BEDROOM - MORNING                   

           Mia wants to shut the door behind her but realizes Grace has 
           followed her. Panicking, she jumps into bed with Aiden. Her 
           brother, too, is completely rigid with shock.   

           Grace comes after her, doll in hand. She plays with the doll 
           and calls out in a pretend voice; she almost sounds like 
           Laura, the children’s mother.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Mia, Mia! Come, don’t be scared.  

           Grace’s ice-burned fingers are fumbling with the doll.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (with the doll, in a soft voice) 
                        All will be well. Death lies behind us. 
                        And the pains of repentance will cleanse 
                        our soul for the ascent to heaven. Don’t 
                        be frightened. Soon we will all be 
                        together.  

                                 AIDEN 
                           (bursts out indignantly) 
                        Don’t you get it? We’re not dead. The 
                        obituary... and everything. Wendy helped 
                        us.   

           Grace’s face is totally empty. She quietly lifts both her arms 
           and stretches them out. The scarred spots in her hands are 
           bleeding. Grace has cut herself new wounds on her old scars: 
           now they really do look like the wounds of Christ.   

           The children stare at Grace in shock.   
                                 GRACE 
                        Christ suffered for us in the flesh, for 
                        he who suffers in the flesh will be 
                        delivered from sin.   
                           (Pause, then softly) 
                        Now, you, Mia... release yourself from 
                        all earthly sins to be free, and bring 
                        the Lord your God a sacrifice... 

           Grace holds out the doll towards Mia, Mia takes her quickly.   

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        Burn her. Free yourself of all idols. 
                        Make a sacrifice. 

           Grace pulls out a lighter. Mia shakes her head. Grace lights 
           the flame. Mia continues to refuse, so Grace quickly brings 
           the lighter close to the doll’s hair. With a crackle, the 
           synthetic hair catches fire. Sparks fly. Within seconds, the 
           doll’s head starts to melt.   

                                 MIA 
                           (screaming) 
                        No!!! 

           Mia tries to put out the doll, she beats the flame. Molten 
           plastic sticks to her hands, Mia cries out in pain.   

                                 MIA 
                           (screaming) 

           She continues holding onto the burning Mama-Doll - until Aiden 
           swats her out of Mia’s hand. The doll falls to the ground. Mia 
           falls to her knees, sobbing.   

                                 GRACE   
                        But Honey...   

           Grace draws the gun and points it at her own head. 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (cries out)  
                        Don’t! 

                                 GRACE 
                           (softly, voice filled with piety) 
                        ...I’ll show you. We can let go. Nothing 
                        can happen to us. We’re already dead. It 
                        might hurt, but nothing can happen.   

           Grace is about to pull the trigger when Aidan shouts out 
           again. Mia, too, is pleading desperately.   
                                 MIA 
                        Don’t, please!! 

                                 CAR HORN (O.S.) 
                           (honking the same melody that Richard honked 
                           upon his departure. Drowning out Mia’s cries) 

                                 AIDEN 
                        Dad!  

           (127) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - MORNING                   

           Richard is parking his SUV in front of the snowy lodge. He 
           calmly climbs out of the car, opens the trunk. It’s filled 
           with wrapped presents.    

                                 RICHARD 
                           (whistles a Christmas tune) 

           He takes a couple of Christmas packages, leaves the others in 
           the open car trunk and heads towards the house. He opens the 
           door and calls inside:   

                                 RICHARD 
                        Mia? Aiden?  

           No reply.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Grace!? Santa’s here! 

           No reaction. Astonished, Richard enters the Lodge. 

           (128) INT. LODGE / FOYER - MORNING                   

           At the entrance, Richard’s gaze meets Grady’s dog basket: the 
           dog is lying there, thawing. Definitely dead.   

           Richard drops the gifts. Alarmed, he races up the stairs.   

           (129) INT. LODGE / STAIRCASE - MORNING                   

                                 RICHARD 
                           (worried) 
                        Grace!! Mia, Aiden!! 

           Grace suddenly steps out of the children’s room. Richard 
           freezes at the sight of her.    

           The children come running from the room.  

                                 MIA, AIDEN 
                        Papa!! 
           The children stand still in the hallway, they are too afraid 
           of Grace to walk past her.  

           Richard stares at the injured Grace, stunned.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Grace...?  

                                 GRACE 
                           (stunned) 
                        Richard!?  

           Grace stares at him in open-mouthed astonishment. She smiles.   

           Richard can’t understand what’s going on.   

                                 RICHARD  
                        What’s...? 

                                 GRACE 
                           (turns to the children) 
                        Look! Daddy’s home! We’re all together 
                        again! 

           Richard stares at Grace, his mouth gaping, then to his 
           frightened children at the top of the stairs.  

                                 RICHARD 
                        Ok... Grace... all good, ok? Now hand me 
                        the gun, carefully... 

                                 GRACE  
                           (to the children)  
                        Nothing can happen to us. I’ll prove it.  

           Grace aims the gun at her own head. 

                                 RICHARD 
                           (gestures to the children to move out of 
                           harm’s way) 
                        Grace...  

           Richard raises his hands calmingly. Slowly, approaches Grace. 

                                 GRACE 
                        I’ll prove it. 

                                 RICHARD (CONT’D) 
                           (calming, with a quiet voice) 
                        Grace... don’t to be afraid... hand me 
                        the gun... 
                                 A DEAFENING SHOT  

           A bullet tears through Richard’s face. Richard falls to the 
           ground and tumbles backwards down the stairs. Grace is still 
           holding the gun. She’s shot Richard.   

           The children stumble screaming after their father, past Grace.  

                                 MIA AND AIDEN 
                           (screaming, crying) 
                        Papa, Papa!!! 

           Grace looks as though she’s sleepwalking. She is numb.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (honest astonishment in her voice) 
                        Richard?  

           The two children are bent over their dead father, crying. 
           Grace comes down the stairs, raised gun in hand. Aiden sees 
           this and drags Mia away from their father’s body. 

                                 AIDEN 
                           (shouting at Mia) 
                        Quick! 

           Mia clutches at Richard. Grace comes closer and closer. Mia 
           cries and won’t let her father go, Aiden desperately drags her 
           off the body. The two run out of the house.  

           Grace has reached Richard’s body. In disbelief, she kneels 
           down beside the dead man. 

                                 GRACE 
                        Richard? come on, get up, Richard... 

           She can’t seem to grasp what’s happened. In a trance, she 
           touches the gaping wound the bullet has torn in Richard’s 
           face. She stares at the blood.  

                                 FROM OUTSIDE THE 
                                 HOWLING OF AN ENGINE 

           Grace registers the noise. She rises. The gun is still 
           dangling in her hand. Grace leaves the lodge.  

           (130) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - MORNING                   

           Outside: smoke, swirling snow, a howling engine. Richard’s car 
           has come off the road, the children are sitting inside. Stuck 
           in a snowdrift, the cars tires are rotating, spitting snow 
           through the air.  
           Colorful packages have been thrown from the car trunk and lie 
           sprinkled throughout the snow-white landscape as little specks 
           of color.  

           Grace approaches the car with her gun. When he sees her, Aiden 
           jumps out in a panic and tries to flee. But Mia’s belt seems   
           stuck from the crash.  

                                 AIDEN 
                        Fuck!  

           He turns to Mia and tears at her seatbelt. She won’t come 
           free, and suddenly Grace is standing right by him. Smiling and 
           calm.   

                                 GRACE 
                        Aiden, you know we can’t get away. Come 
                        on, come on. Let’s go inside and pray 
                        for forgiveness and that the Lord 
                        returns Richard to us.  

           (131) INT. LODGE / LIVING ROOM - EVENING                   

           Dusk is falling. The glow of the fireplace and candles cast 
           the living room in an eerie, flickering light. The dinner 
           table is set. Tomato soup with croutons. Grace is sitting at 
           the table. The gun beside her plate. Aiden and Mia sit across 
           from her. In the fourth chair sits a very dead Richard, 
           falling into himself.  

           The children’s eyes are red from crying, their faces pale. 
           Filled with terror. They stare at Grace, at the gun, at their 
           dead father.   

                                 GRACE  
                        Let us fold our hands in prayer. 

           The children obediently fold their hands.   

                                 GRACE (CONT’D) 
                        Let us now pray to the Lord our God, 
                        that Richard, your father, will be 
                        forgiven his sins and that he will 
                        return to us soon. That we might enter 
                        the kingdom of Heaven together. Forever 
                        and ever, Amen.   

           Grace makes the sign of the cross. She starts to sing, with a 
           bell-like, beautiful voice she sings the song that we heard at 
           the start of the film, back in the simple wooden church.   

                                 GRACE 
                           (sings) 
                        Then sings my soul 
                        My Savior, God, to Thee. 

           At first the children won’t sing along, but Grace looks at 
           them sternly, until the two join in with thin and - in Aiden’s 
           case - scratchy breaking voices.  

                                 GRACE, MIA AND AIDEN 
                           (sing together) 
                        How great thou art 
                        How great thou art 
                        Then sings my soul 
                        My Savior, God, to Thee 
                        How great Thou art 
                        How great Thou art 

           The song is over. Grace makes the sign of the cross. The 
           children follow. Grace pulls out stickers she’s made. They say 
           SIN in large letters. She sticks these across the children’s 
           mouths, nodding in apology. Finally, she sticks a SIN sticker 
           across her own mouth. Total silence, all three sit with their 
           mouths glued shut in front of the steaming food.   

           The camera pans away from the dinner table, out of the room, 
           past Grady’s dead body, lying in its basket, up the stairs, 
           into the kids’ room where the Mama-Doll lies on the floor with 
           a half molten head. Then onwards, out the window, down the 
           wall of the house, moving away from the house, past the car. 
           The house grows smaller and smaller and soon it is barely 
           distinguishable in this endless snow desert.   

           (132) EXT. IN FRONT OF THE LODGE - EVENING                  

           The sky is a deep dark blue, soon night will turn it black.   

           A black balloon floats into sight, rises higher and higher. 
           Attached to it: Mama-Doll, totally undamaged, in a white gown. 
           Slowly she floats into the blue sky, disappearing into the 
           thick white of isolated clouds.   

           FADE OUT 

                                                                    END 
