                                       SERENA

                                    Screenplay by

                                   Christopher Kyle

                            Based on the novel by Ron Rash

          DRAFT DATE: August 9, 2009
           EXT. FOREST/SMOKY MOUNTAINS - DAY

           The POV OF A CAT, slinking low over moss-covered ground.  Its 
           long shadow dances on the dense and ancient trees...

           In a clearing up ahead is a mound of deer carcasses.  A trap 
           baited for the PANTING cat...

           PEMBERTON sights the cat as it flickers in the timber.  He’s 
           powerfully built, young, and dressed in a rich man’s notion 
           of rustic clothing.  Circa 1929.

           Two older men wait behind him: the dandyish BUCHANAN, 50s; 
           and GALLOWAY, their wiry guide.  Buchanan and Galloway both 
           have their rifles at ease.  This is Pemberton’s kill.

           Pemberton draws a bead on a bush that starts to tremble as 
           the cat reaches the edge of the clearing...

           His finger curls around the trigger.  Waiting.  Then:

           His prey-- a bobcat, we now see-- pads into the open.

           Pemberton has his kill, but he doesn’t take it.  He frowns, 
           then changes his aim and FIRES:

           A tree branch splinters.  The terrified cat darts away.

           Galloway and Buchanan stare at Pemberton, unsure of what to 
           make of this behavior.  He lowers his rifle.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I have dogs bigger than that.

           He walks past them with an air of disappointment.

           EXT. FOREST/GORGE - DAY

           The hunting party moves through a spectacular gorge... 
           waterfalls and old-growth timber...untouched by man...

           Galloway bounces along in a farm wagon with JOEL VAUGHN, a 
           teenager with red hair spilling from under his golf cap.  
           Pemberton and Buchanan trail them on horseback.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I heard there was a panther in 
                        these mountains.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Who told you that?
                                 PEMBERTON
                        Snipes found a carcass on Noland.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        That weren’t no panther.

           He puts another plug in his cheek and we notice a tattoo on 
           his arm-- monochromatic, like the ones men get in prison.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        How can you be so sure?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Chest wasn’t tore open.  There’s 
                        cats will eat the tongue and ears 
                        before anything else, but not a 
                        panther.  It eats the heart first.

                                 VAUGHN
                        People claim to see it regular.

           That doesn’t seem to impress Galloway much.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Get me a shot at that panther, and 
                        I’ll give you a twenty-dollar gold 
                        piece.  Or anyone else who can lead 
                        me to it.

           A wry smile slides off Galloway’s face.  But Pemberton meets 
           his gaze, holding up a gold coin...

           EXT. SPUR LINE - DAY

           The hunting party follows the tracks of a spur line, still 
           under construction.  It leads them out of the trees, into a 
           valley that has been commandeered by a timber operation:

           The LOGGING CAMP is a cluster of slapdash buildings along the 
           main railroad line, surrounded by a wasteland of stumps and 
           cut branches...

           EXT. PEMBERTON LOGGING CAMP - DAY

           A HYMN soars from the dining hall.  It’s Sunday.

           Two-dozen “stringhouses” (the crew quarters) sit precariously 
           on a ridge above the main camp, their foundations propped up 
           by locust poles.  They look like boxcars on stilts.
           Idled on the tracks are the steel dinosaurs that make the 
           operation possible: a Shay engine coupled to a train of 
           flatcars, a steam-powered log loader, and a hi-lead skidder.

           Outside the stable, Pemberton swings off his horse and hands 
           the reins to a STABLE BOY.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Tell the girl to bring my supper.

           Buchanan, dismounting too, frowns.  The girl.

           They walk into the camp.  Pemberton has his rifle balanced 
           over his shoulder like a young English lord...

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Telephone Boston tonight and ask 
                        the old man to advance me another 
                        $10,000.  We’ll need a second 
                        skidder for the western slope.

           Buchanan taps a slender, gold-tipped cigarette on a case.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        This stock market crash has 
                        stretched him rather thin.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You can talk him into it.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        You forget who pays my salary.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        If he ever left the Back Bay, he’d 
                        see what a chance he’s wasting.  
                        You know I’m right, Buchanan.  
                        There’s a fortune here for the man 
                        who grabs it.  

           Buchanan sighs, wishing he weren’t so fond of the young man.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        I’ll do what I can.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Call tonight.  He’s always in a 
                        better mood after a sermon.

           Buchanan’s lighter emits only sparks, so Pemberton produces a 
           Zippo with a flourish and extends the flame to him...
           EXT. BEHIND DINING HALL/CAMP - DAY

           RACHEL HARMON, a pretty girl of 16, backs down the kitchen 
           steps with a supper tray and crosses the yard, smiling back 
           at the Churchgoers who stare at her...

           Vaughn drags his club foot across Pemberton’s porch and opens 
           the door for her.  Troubled by what she’s doing.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           Rachel’s tray lies on a table beside Pemberton’s rifle.  The 
           food has not been touched.

           THROUGH BEDROOM DOOR: Pemberton fucks Rachel mechanically, 
           staring at the wall.  Not that Rachel minds.  Her eyes are 
           shut tight.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - LATER

           Pemberton has fallen asleep.  Rachel slips out of bed and 
           puts on her shift, taking pains not to wake him...

           She pads into the living room on tiptoe, examining 
           Pemberton’s things with the pure wonder of a child:

           Running her hands over the soft velvet chairs...

           ...listening to the hum of the electric icebox.  Putting her 
           hand inside to feel the cold bottle of milk...

           ...stroking the gilt frame of a mirror to see if the gold 
           comes off on her finger...

           Then Rachel glimpses her reflection and her expression 
           changes.  She steps back and turns her profile to the glass, 
           running a hand over her belly.  Does it show?

                                 PEMBERTON (O.S.)
                        You’re too pretty to make that 
                        face.

           Rachel spins, startled.  Pemberton smiles.  Nods at the tray.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Want something to eat?

           Rachel shakes her head shyly.
                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Next time don’t let me fall asleep.  
                        I wanted to walk the cutting slope 
                        before it got dark.

           He starts eating.  Rachel hovers.  She wants to say something 
           to him but doesn’t know how.  And Pemberton is oblivious.  
           The silence is broken by a BELL outside.

                                 RACHEL
                        That’ll be the train back to town.

           She moves toward the bedroom to get her clothes but Pemberton 
           stops her with a hand...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I was in Asheville yesterday.  I 
                        got you a present.

           He produces a roll of bright blue ribbon from his robe.

           Rachel holds the silk against her cheek.  Then scampers back 
           to the mirror to see how it would look in her hair.

                                 RACHEL
                        It’s real pretty.

           She turns to show him, but Pemberton’s attention has moved 
           back to the food.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Where’s your daddy’s place again?

                                 RACHEL
                        Up on Colt Ridge.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You ever see a panther up there?

                                 RACHEL
                        No, sir.

           Pemberton frowns thoughtfully as he shovels it in...

           INT. AMERICAN LEGION HALL/ASHEVILLE - NIGHT

           A series of SLIDES depicts the devastation caused by clear-
           cut logging in the Smoky Mountains...

                                 KEPHART (O.S.)
                        The Smoky Mountains contain the 
                        last virgin forests left in the 
                        eastern United States.
           STUMPS AND SLASH like the area around Pemberton’s camp...

                                 KEPHART (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        But with every passing year we’re 
                        losing them to the cut and run 
                        philosophy of the logging barons.

           DEAD FISH AND RODENTS floating in a clogged river...

                                 KEPHART (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        Why should these splendid, 
                        irreplaceable trees be sacrificed 
                        to the greedy maw of the sawmill?

           The spill from the slides plays over the audience...

                                 KEPHART (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        Why should future generations be 
                        robbed of all chance to see with 
                        their own eyes what a real forest, 
                        a real wildwood, a real unimproved 
                        work of God is like?

           The lights come on, revealing HORACE KEPHART at the lectern.  
           He is a librarian turned mountaineer, a modern Thoreau, and 
           the only man in the room not wearing a suit.

                                 KEPHART (CONT’D)
                        The question, the only question, is 
                        this: Shall the Smoky Mountains be 
                        made a national park-- or a desert?

           CHARLES WEBB, the leader of the Park Commission that flanks 
           Kephart, leaps to his feet, leading the APPLAUSE.

           EXT. CAMP/RAIL LINE - DAY

           A Logger balances precariously atop a loaded flatcar, guiding 
           another log onto the pile, careful not to get crushed.

           Below him, other men duck and weave as they detach the logs 
           brought down by the ROARING hi-lead skidder.

           Steel cables HISS overhead as they spool off the booms-- 
           looping up the slope, then circling back down with logs.

           From a distance the dangling logs resemble fish on a line.  
           But up close they are something else entirely: huge and 
           dangerous, swinging to and fro with deadly abandon.

           FIND Buchanan, headed up the rail line toward the cutting 
           slope.  His suit pants are tucked into his boots so they 
           won’t get muddy...
           EXT. SPUR LINE - DAY

           A new spur line is under construction.  Sledgehammers CLANG 
           as the rails are secured to the carpet of ties...

           Pemberton steps into view, shirtless and driving spikes with 
           a sledgehammer, matching his men stroke for stroke.

           Buchanan hesitates as he nears Pemberton, watching the 
           rippling sinews of his back with a flicker of desire.

           Then Pemberton sees him staring.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Telephone.  It’s urgent.

           Pemberton furrows his brow-- what could be so urgent?

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           CAMPBELL, the camp overseer, looks up from his ledgers as 
           Pemberton and Buchanan come in.

           Pemberton picks up the telephone receiver:

                                 PEMBERTON
                        This is George Pemberton.
                             (listens)
                        Yes.  Yes. Of course.  I’ll be on 
                        the next train.

           He hangs up.  Too dazed to speak for a moment.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        The old man is dead.
                             (a beat)
                        I have to go to Boston, tend to 
                        mother and the estate.  You can 
                        manage without me.

           Buchanan places a comforting hand on Pemberton’s arm.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Take as long as you need.

           Pemberton seems unsteady, adjusting as the ground shifts 
           beneath him.  He starts to the door.  Then stops.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Order that second skidder.

           He goes out.
           EXT. WAYNESVILLE STATION - DAY

           LONG: Pemberton hangs out of the moving car, giving Buchanan 
           a few last instructions...

           REVERSE: Rachel peeks around the corner of the depot, 
           watching him go.  The blue ribbon is in her hair.

           Then her gorge rises and she turns to vomit on the grass.

           EXT. WAYNESVILLE STATION - MONTHS LATER

           Rachel sits on a bench near the ticket booth, twisting her 
           blue hair ribbon nervously.  She is eight months pregnant.

           ABE HARMON watches the tracks vibrate, steeling his righteous 
           fury with a jar of moonshine.  The pearl handle of a bowie 
           knife peeks out from under his frock coat...

           A train WHISTLES.  Wheels SCREECH as it brakes.

           Down the platform, Buchanan puts away his pocket watch.  He 
           has oiled his hair and waxed his moustache for the occasion.

           Then the train pulls in and he is swallowed by the steam...

           As the cloud dissipates, Pemberton descends from the coach 
           with SERENA PEMBERTON on his arm.  He grins at Buchanan like 
           a hunter who’s bagged a fabulous trophy.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        So?  What do you think of my wife?

           Buchanan stammers, unable to hide his surprise.  In her 
           jodhpurs, boots and sensibly bobbed hair, Serena is not the 
           Boston society girl he was expecting.

                                 SERENA
                        Serena Pemberton.

           She sticks out her hand like a man would.  Startled, Buchanan 
           hesitates, then shakes it limply.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you know how to shake hands 
                        properly, Mr. Buchanan?

           Flummoxed, Buchanan corrects his grip and tries again.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Pleased to meet you.  Pemberton’s 
                        taken us all by surprise-- bringing 
                        a woman to this place.
           A PORTER sets the bags on the platform.  Pemberton tips him.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What news of the camp?

                                 BUCHANAN
                        No serious problems.  A worker 
                        found bobcat tracks on Laurel Creek 
                        and thought they were a mountain 
                        lion’s.  A couple of crews wouldn’t 
                        go out until Galloway had a look.

                                 SERENA
                        Are mountain lions common here?

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Not at all, Mrs. Pemberton.  The 
                        last panther killed in this state 
                        was over nine years ago.  But your 
                        husband is hoping there’s at least 
                        one left for him to hunt.

           He flashes a smile but Pemberton is now staring at Rachel on 
           the bench-- as if recognizing a ghost from his past.

                                 BUCHANAN (CONT’D)
                             (softly)
                        Abe Harmon seems to think he has 
                        business to settle with you.

           A beat.  Pemberton offers his arm to Serena.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I want to show you the property 
                        before it gets dark.

           Serena, who has also been peering at Rachel, turns to her 
           husband and smiles.  They head across the platform...

           But Harmon plants himself in their path.

                                 HARMON
                        You and me got a score to settle.

           Pemberton regards him coolly.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Make an appointment with my 
                        overseer, Mr. Campbell.

                                 HARMON
                        We’re going to settle it today.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        Campbell will take care of it.

                                 HARMON
                        Ain’t no way to take care of it.  
                        Not anymore.

           He is staring at Serena.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Step aside.

           Harmon doesn’t move.  He just opens his coat to expose the 
           handle of his fine hunting knife.

                                 HARMON
                        Get you a knife and lay on.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Don’t be a fool.  You’re drunk.

           The men in the horse pen behind him edge forward, watching.

                                 HARMON
                        One of us is leaving here with his 
                        toes pointed up.

           Buchanan shouts to the men in the horse pen:

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Get the sheriff!

                                 RACHEL
                        Come on, Daddy.  Let’s go.

           Harmon swats her hand away and draws his knife, approaching 
           Pemberton with deadly intent.

           Pemberton, though unarmed, calmly stands his ground.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Come now, this is absurd-- it’s the 
                        20th century.

           Harmon waves him away with his knife, glaring at Pemberton:

                                 HARMON
                        I’m calling you out.

           Pemberton is silent a moment.  Then he eases Serena out of 
           the way and coolly sheds his jacket.
                                 PEMBERTON
                             (to Buchanan)
                        My knife is in the small valise.

           Buchanan stares.  He can’t be serious...

           MOMENTS LATER the two combatants face off on the platform...

           Harmon thrusts first, slashing the air, but Pemberton dodges 
           him easily.  They circle each other...feinting...testing...

           Then Harmon lunges again, with a drunkard’s courage--

           Catching Pemberton’s guard arm-- gashing him--

           But exposing his underbelly to Pemberton’s blade.

           Pemberton moves instinctively, driving his handsome knife 
           hilt-deep into the old man’s gut and raking it across.

           A sigh escapes Harmon’s lips--

           His bowie knife CLATTERS on the ground--

           And he looks down at the crimson blooming on his belly...his 
           life spilling out before his eyes...

           Pemberton steps back, knife still ready...

           Harmon staggers backward, as if trying to rescind the steps 
           that led him here, and sags onto the bench.

           Serena gently reaches for her husband’s bleeding forearm.

                                 SERENA
                        Your arm, Pemberton.

           Pulsing with shock and adrenaline, he doesn’t seem to hear.

           Serena presses a handkerchief against the wound, looking into 
           his eyes with a deep and reassuring certainty.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        You had no choice.

           A beat.  Then Pemberton nods slowly...

           Serena picks up Harmon’s bowie knife and crosses to Rachel, 
           who is holding her dying father.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        By all rights this belongs to my 
                        husband.  But I want you to keep 
                        it.
           Tears flow down Rachel’s face but she makes no sound.  Serena 
           sets the knife beside her on the bench.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        I’d sell it if I were you.  You’ll 
                        need money when the baby comes.

           Rachel doesn’t lift her eyes from her father.  Serena leans 
           in close, speaking words only Rachel can hear:

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        This is all you’ll ever get from my 
                        husband and me.

           Her expression is not unkind, only firm.  Pemberton is hers.

           EXT. STREET/WAYNESVILLE STATION - DAY

           Pemberton is opening the door of his Packard touring car for 
           Serena when he sees SHERIFF MCDOWELL jogging toward them.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll only be a moment.

           He approaches McDowell warily.  The sheriff is a taut man of 
           50 with a badge pinned to his Sunday suit.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You’re coming to my office.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        It was self-defense.  A dozen men 
                        can verify that.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You’re not leaving Waynesville till 
                        I get a complete statement.

           Pemberton gets out his wallet, but McDowell waves it away.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        We have laws in this county, Mr. 
                        Pemberton.  The lady will wait.

           A beat.  Pemberton pockets his wallet.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY

           Outside a ramshackle cabin, a POOR WOMAN draws water from a 
           well, a babe at her feet.  She looks up as...
           Pemberton’s Packard whizzes past her, kicking up a 
           roostertail of dust as it rises into the mountains...

           INT. PACKARD - MOVING - DAY

           Serena cleans the hunting knife with great care and interest.  
           As if she were caressing a talisman of power and strength.

           Pemberton drives, stewing.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        How was I to know she was pregnant?  
                        Stupid little thing.  She never 
                        said a word.

           He looks over apologetically, but Serena is unfazed.

                                 SERENA
                        Nothing that happened before we met 
                        even exists.

           She puts her hand on his knee...

           EXT. MOUNTAINTOP - DAY

           LONG: the Packard is parked on an outcrop overlooking a 
           panorama of the Smokies.  SOUNDS of lovemaking...

           In the back seat Pemberton and Serena couple in a frenzy, 
           half-dressed, clawing at each other, Serena’s head banging 
           against the car door...  The pain only seems to drive her on.

           Pemberton seems unleashed, as if he’s finally found a mate 
           equal to his energy...

           The handkerchief tied around his wound slips off.  Blood 
           trickles down his forearm and drips off his elbow...

           ...spattering Serena’s cheek.  But she pays no mind.  Even 
           when the blood rolls into her half-opened mouth...

           EXT. MOUNTAINTOP - LATER

           Pemberton and Serena hold hands at the edge of the outcrop, 
           overlooking the majestic green mountains that surround the 
           lumber camp.  Their domain.

                                 SERENA
                        How far do our holdings go?

           Pemberton points out the boundaries.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        The mountain beyond where we’re 
                        logging now.  West to Balsam 
                        Mountain.  Horse Pen Ridge to the 
                        south.  And you can see where we’ve 
                        finished cutting in the east.

                                 SERENA
                        Thirty-four thousand acres.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Plus 7,000 we’ve already logged.

                                 SERENA
                        And to the west, Champion Paper 
                        owns that?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        All the way to the Tennessee line.

                                 SERENA
                        That’s the land they’re after for 
                        the national park.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        If Champion sells, they’ll be 
                        coming for ours next.

                                 SERENA
                        But we won’t let them have it-- 
                        will we?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        This land was mine from the 
                        beginning-- the old man never even 
                        saw it.  Nobody’s going to make me 
                        sell until I’m through with it.

           Serena smiles, pleased by his confidence.

                                 SERENA
                        I need to dress that arm.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Kiss me first.

           He pulls Serena tight against his body, kissing her...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE/BACK ROOM - NIGHT

           Sort of a rustic men’s club-- leather chairs, standing 
           ashtrays, a well-stocked bar.  It’s supper time.
           Serena, who has changed into a green silk gown, carves her 
           steak.  Buchanan and the corpulent DR. CHANEY watch her as if 
           she’s an exotic creature at the zoo...

                                 SERENA
                        Was this table made from a single 
                        piece of wood?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        A chestnut, seven feet across.  I 
                        made the first notch myself.

           Serena nods, impressed.  Silence resumes.  Chaney refills the 
           wine glasses-- though his is the only one that’s empty.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Pemberton tells us your father was 
                        a timber man out west.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        They say women marry their fathers.

           He’s smiling but the topic seems to be an uncomfortable one 
           for Serena.  She looks away, as if burying a memory.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Serena’s father is deceased.  But 
                        he was a great logging man.  He 
                        taught her well.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Is that so?  I wonder what you 
                        think of our operation here.

                                 SERENA
                        I think you’ve taken nine months to 
                        do about six months’ work.

           Pemberton laughs.  Buchanan looks like he’s been slapped.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        But a few efficiencies will greatly 
                        increase profitability.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        I say, George, did you find a wife 
                        or a partner?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Both.

                                 SERENA
                        I suppose Mrs. Buchanan takes no 
                        interest in your work.
                                 BUCHANAN
                        I’m a bachelor.

           Serena nods as if that explains it.

                                 SERENA
                        You’ll find I didn’t come to 
                        Carolina to do needlepoint.

           Pemberton enjoys the expression on Buchanan’s face...

           EXT. BUCHANAN’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Buchanan stands on the porch, smoking one of his slender 
           cigarettes, listening to the faint CREAKING of the 
           Pembertons’ bed as they make love.

                                 PEMBERTON (V.O.)
                        Mrs. Pemberton’s father owned the 
                        Vulcan Lumber Company in Colorado.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Serena sits on a magnificent white Arabian.  Pemberton is on 
           the commissary porch, introducing her to the men...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        She’s the equal of any man here.  
                        And I expect you to follow her 
                        orders, same as you’d follow mine.

           The workers squint at Serena in the early light.  Hard men 
           marked by their trade: scars of all description, eye patches, 
           missing digits, stooped shoulders, tremors...

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        She expects no quarter and she’ll 
                        give none.  You’ll soon see the 
                        truth of that.

           He pauses, enjoying the befuddled looks of the men: Taking 
           orders from a woman? Then he nods to Campbell, his overseer.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        All right, move ‘em out.

           The Crew Supervisor blows a silver WHISTLE that hangs around 
           his neck and the crews head out, following the rail line that 
           leads through acres of stumps into the mountains.

           Serena gives Pemberton’s hand a squeeze, then rides out 
           alongside the men...
           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           Galloway chews tobacco, watching as LEDBETTER, the lead 
           chopper, calculates the spot for the first notch.

           He draws the axe back, about to swing, then:

                                 SERENA (O.S.)
                        Don’t notch so high.

           Ledbetter lowers his axe and finds Serena looking down at him 
           from her white horse.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        You’re wasting a foot of timber.

                                 LEDBETTER
                        Lower won’t fall clear.  Ma’am.

           Serena endures his condescension, waiting for him to comply.

           Ledbetter turns to his crew-- Galloway and another sawyer-- 
           for confirmation of his assessment.  A beat.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        We’re a mite cautious of hittin’
                        yonder hickory.

           Serena glances at the tree in question.  Then she dismounts 
           and strides over to Ledbetter.

                                 SERENA
                        Give me your axe.

           Ledbetter grins stupidly.  Serena extends her hand, waiting 
           patiently until he surrenders the axe.

           Serena cases the trunk of the poplar and marks the notch-- a 
           foot lower and to the side of Ledbetter’s mark.

           She gives him back his axe.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        It’ll clear.

           As she heads back to her Arabian to remount, Galloway turns 
           to his saw mate:

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Two dollars says she clears.

           Ledbetter lines up his axe with the new mark, muttering under 
           his breath.  Then, with two expert strokes, he makes the 
           undercut right where Serena indicated.
           Galloway and his partner step up with their cross-cut saw and 
           get to work, smirking at Ledbetter as they pass...

           Serena turns her horse and continues up the slope.

           Wedges of bark start to CRACKLE and break against the steel 
           teeth of the saw...a little mound of sawdust forms...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           The big Mosler safe is open.  Buchanan is taking out bundles 
           of cash and stuffing them into envelopes.

           Campbell is at the desk, two ledgers before him, one black 
           and one green.  Each ledger contains the same column of 
           figures but the payees are different:

           In the black ledger the cash is allocated to feed, fuel, 
           office supplies, etc.  In the green ledger, the same figures 
           correspond to names.  Judge So-and-so.  Senator Whosit.

           The door to the back room opens:

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Buchanan?

           He’s gripping a letter.  On the verge of an explosion...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE/BACK ROOM - DAY

           Buchanan shuts the door quietly.  Pemberton tosses the 
           document onto the table.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What the hell is that?

                                 BUCHANAN
                             (clearing his throat)
                        A letter of attorney.  Your 
                        father’s estate has appointed me to 
                        safeguard your interests.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Until I’m 35?

                                 BUCHANAN
                        It’s a formality, George.  You’ll 
                        be involved in every decision 
                        affecting the camp.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        It’s my land.
                                 BUCHANAN
                        Of course it is.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You knew about this.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        It was his wish-- not mine.

           Pemberton’s eyes bore in until he believes Buchanan.  He 
           turns and stalks to the bar to make himself a drink...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Son-of-a-bitch mocks me from the 
                        grave.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Nothing will change between us.  
                        You have my word.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I want that second skidder.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        The order has already been placed.

           A beat.  Pemberton nods, mollified.

                                 BUCHANAN (CONT’D)
                        Your father was wrong about you, 
                        George.  I told him many times.

           But Pemberton is staring into his bourbon, unable to see the 
           kindness in Buchanan’s eyes...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Buchanan puts the letter into an envelope with a Boston law 
           firm’s return address.  Then he locks it in his desk.

           ON Campbell as he works on the ledgers.  He has not missed a 
           detail of what just happened...

           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           Galloway and his partner step clear as the last splinters 
           connecting the poplar to the earth give way and it FALLS with 
           a great, majestic...  CRASH.

           Just clear of the hickory Ledbetter was worried about.

           Galloway collects his winnings.
                                 GALLOWAY
                        I ain’t never seen a woman notch a 
                        tree, but if there’s a science to 
                        wagering, it’s find out what side 
                        Ledbetter took and bet the other.

           Ledbetter gathers his axe and wedges, annoyed at being ribbed 
           and not paying attention where he steps...

           Suddenly a RATTLESNAKE leaps out and bites him on the thigh.

           Ledbetter stumbles backwards over the stump and falls in a 
           heap, clawing at his leg, tearing the fabric.  The panic 
           strikes before the venom: He knows he’s a dead man.

           The snake slithers back into the slash and disappears...

                                 LEDBETTER
                        Cut me.  Cut me, goddamn it.

           Galloway steps forward, opening a hawkbill knife...

           EXT. DR. CHANEY’S CABOOSE - DAY

           A COMMOTION as Galloway and other men bear Ledbetter toward 
           an old caboose set in the mud-- Dr. Chaney’s infirmary.  
           Ledbetter is convulsing now, near death.

           Chaney raises a hand, stopping them on the steps.  He hands 
           his lit cigar to one of the men to hold for him.

           Drawn by the clamor, Pemberton, Buchanan, and Campbell are 
           crossing the yard to the caboose...

           Chaney parts Ledbetter’s lips to see the bleeding gums...and 
           squints at his blackened thigh.  Two Xs Galloway cut over the 
           punctures are now swollen inside-out.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        You’re too late.  There’s nothing I 
                        can do.  Put him in the chair.

           He coolly retrieves his cigar and puffs away.

           The men deposit Ledbetter in a rocking chair on the caboose’s 
           end platform.  Then back away as he shakes and shudders.  A 
           SHADOW crosses the men as they watch Ledbetter...

           Serena reins her horse.

                                 SERENA
                        Go back to work.
           The men glance at Pemberton, as if he might overrule her, but 
           he just returns the gaze.  They shuffle off...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        These snakes are costing us a 
                        fortune.  The men get cautious and 
                        slow down.

                                 SERENA
                        They need to be killed off.  
                        Especially in the slash.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Yet that is the hardest place to 
                        see them, Mrs. Pemberton.  They 
                        blend in so very well.

                                 SERENA
                        Better eyes are needed then.

           She wheels her horse and rides back toward the cutting slope.

           Pemberton and Buchanan start back to the office, then pause: 

           Campbell is now kneeling beside the fading Ledbetter, holding 
           his hand and comforting him as he dies...

           EXT. SPUR LINE/SKIDDER - DAY

           Pemberton and Buchanan circumnavigate the new skidder, which 
           is smoking and CLANKING beside its twin.

           Pemberton signals and the Worker inside throws a lever.

           The cables that loop out toward the mountain begin to move... 
           steel lines HISSING and SQUEAKING as they fly...

           In the distance, the return feeds of cable are bringing a 
           bounty of fresh-cut logs from the new cutting slope.

           Pemberton claps Buchanan on the back.  Grinning.

           INT. HARMON LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           Rachel SCREAMS and twists a quilt in her balled fists-- in 
           the throes of a difficult birth.  WIDOW JENKINS mops her 
           forehead and whispers encouragement in her ear...

           At last a MIDWIFE holds up a male child so large we see at 
           once the source of Rachel’s agony.  The big babe WAILS...

           Rachel falls back against the pillows, spent.
                                 RACHEL
                        Why’s he crying so?  Is he hurt?

                                 WIDOW JENKINS
                        No.  It’s a hard place this world 
                        can be.  Tears from the very start.

           She takes the baby from the Midwife and sets it on Rachel’s 
           breast.  The teenager’s feelings seem decidedly mixed: Is 
           this squawking alien really her child?

           EXT. WOODS/WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           Fallen leaves whip round Rachel’s legs as she carries her 
           FUSSING baby toward a log cabin...

                                 RACHEL
                        Hush, now.  You got a full belly.

           Widow Jenkins opens the door before she can knock.  The old 
           woman peers at her a moment through thick spectacles.  As if 
           she doesn’t approve of Rachel’s mission today.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        He’s awful fussy.  I’m of a mind 
                        he’s starting to teethe.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS
                        Child, a baby don’t teethe till six 
                        months.

           A beat.  Rachel hands her the baby and a tote sack.

                                 RACHEL
                        There’s fresh swaddlings and a 
                        bottle.  I’ll be back by sundown.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS
                        You’ll need every dime come winter.

           Rachel nods, but her mind’s made up.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS (CONT’D)
                        You’re as bullheaded as your daddy.

                                 RACHEL
                        Yes, ma’am.

           She heads down the path...
           EXT. DOWNTOWN WAYNESVILLE - DAY

           Rachel rides an old draft horse into town, feeling the eyes 
           of some gossipy Women across the street.  They point and 
           whisper among themselves as Rachel passes...

           INT. STONE MASON’S SHOP - DAY

           The MASON is hunched over a marble tombstone, tapping out 
           letters with a hammer and chisel...

           Rachel steps through the open door and KNOCKS.

           The Mason looks up.  Coated with marble dust, he looks like 
           he’s been rolled in flour.  Without a word, he lays down his 
           tools and fetches a small stone tablet for Rachel:

           “ABRAHAM HARMON 1879-1930 R.I.P.”

           Rachel is pleased with how it looks.

                                 RACHEL
                        There’s been Harmons on Colt Ridge 
                        over 200 years.

           The Mason gives her the invoice.  Rachel starts counting out 
           his money.  In coins, mostly...

           EXT. STONE MASON’S SHOP - DAY

           The Mason helps Rachel secure the tablet-- now wrapped in a 
           burlap sack-- on to the back of her horse.

           She leads the horse out of town, standing up straight and 
           proud as she goes by the Nosy Women...

           EXT. HARMON LOG CABIN/FAMILY GRAVEYARD - DAY

           The horse waits outside a weathered picket fence, watching 
           Rachel drag the tablet over the graves of her ancestors...

           Rachel kneels beside her father’s mound, clawing the earth 
           with a mattock..making a place for the tablet...

           She cuts the bindings around the burlap and lifts the heavy 
           tablet...waddling the few paces to its destination...then 
           setting it gently in the earth she’s prepared.

           Rachel steps back to admire the fruit of her labors...
           EXT. DOWNTOWN WAYNESVILLE - DAY

           Autumn leaves are kicked across the street by the wind, and 
           cluster before a storefront decorated with campaign posters:

           “Re-Elect Big Bill McComb - Your State Senator.”

           THROUGH WINDOW: Pemberton shakes hands with Big Bill himself 
           and slips an envelope of cash under the hat on the table...

           As Pemberton comes out of the storefront, crossing a name off 
           a list, he notices a group of Townspeople watching an odd 
           sight on the railroad tracks:

           A single flatcar rolls by slowly.  Atop the car-- the only 
           freight-- is a large crate with strange markings.  Two INDIAN 
           MEN in bright robes are posted on either side, like sentries.

           Pemberton seems to know what it is.  He jumps into the 
           Packard and drives away-- fast.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           The same CRATE as it moves toward the stable, borne by the 
           Indian Men-- and no one else.  Lettering in Hindi and English 
           records a journey from Calcutta to Waynesville.

           Loggers line the path, watching quizzically.  What is it?

           Then Pemberton-- just arriving-- pushing through them and 
           runs ahead of the Indian Men to open the door...

           INT. STABLE - DAY

           The stable door is closed to outsiders.  Broken pieces of the 
           crate lie on the straw.  

           In the last stall, Pemberton and Serena are hushed, beholding 
           a BERKUTE EAGLE.  A hood covers its eyes, keeping it calm.

           The eagle shifts slightly, its monstrous talons gripping the 
           wooden perch.  Then it settles, still as death...

           The silence is broken by Serena’s horse, stamping a hoof.

                                 SERENA
                        Tell Vaughn to move the Arabian 
                        into the stall next to this one.  
                        The bird needs to get used to him.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll have him bring some food and 
                        blankets, too.

                                 SERENA
                        Don’t bother.  I won’t eat or sleep 
                        again until the eagle does.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Three days?

                                 SERENA
                        She’s testing me, too.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’m going to stay with you.

           Serena squeezes his hand.  She has to do this alone.

                                 SERENA
                        Trust me.  They need to know it was 
                        a woman who tamed the eagle.

           Pemberton eyes the bird...uneasy...  But he nods.

           EXT. STABLE - DAY

           Pemberton closes the stable doors.  Then he turns and 
           discovers he’s being watched by most of the camp...

           EXT. STABLE - NIGHT

           Vaughn sits on a chair outside the door, wrapped in blankets, 
           fighting to stay awake on a frigid night.

           In the back window of Pemberton’s cabin, a shadow moves.  
           Then the spark of lighter reveals his face.  Pemberton eyes 
           the barn, fighting an impulse to go out there.

           Vaughn offers him a little wave.  All’s well.

           But Pemberton does not look soothed...

           EXT. STABLE - DAWN

           Vaughn has dozed off on his chair.  The DOOR beside him 
           rattles and then opens-- waking him.

           Serena staggers out, exhausted and blinking in the light.
           INT. STABLE - DAY

           Serena leads Pemberton across the dirt floor and opens the 
           gate of the last stall...

           The eagle’s head swivels to her instantly.  Waiting.

           Serena steps into the stall and gently removes the hood from 
           its head.  The bird remains calm.

           Serena puts a hunk of meat on the gauntlet that protects her 
           forearm and holds it out.  The eagle steps on and begins to 
           feed.  Serena strokes its neck with her finger.

                                 SERENA
                        She trusts me with her life now.

           She smiles at Pemberton-- weak and dreamy after her ordeal.

           Pemberton regards his wife with astonishment...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BATHROOM - DAY

           Pemberton scrubs the barn’s grime from Serena’s skin as she 
           sits in the tub...

           His washcloth pauses over a large burn scar on her back.

                                 SERENA
                        Does it bother you?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No.

           She turns and searches his face.  But he’s telling the truth.

                                 SERENA
                        I didn’t dream when I was with the 
                        eagle.  It was as if the fire never 
                        happened, as if he were still with 
                        me...  But it wasn’t papa.  It was 
                        you, Pemberton.  I felt you beside 
                        me the whole time.
                             (a beat)
                        Don’t ever leave me.

           EXT. CAMP - DAY

           The hooded EAGLE grips the gauntlet on Serena’s arm as she 
           rides toward the cutting slope.  An oak armrest, affixed to 
           the saddle pommel, helps her hold the bird steady.
           Riding with her-- their eyes on the mysterious eagle-- are 
           Pemberton, Buchanan and Campbell.

           EXT. STUMPS AND SLASH - DAY

           Serena loosens the laces of the hood and removes it from the 
           eagle’s head.

           Her Arabian snorts and takes a sideways step.  Serena has to 
           steady him before continuing.

           Pemberton, Buchanan and Campbell-- still mounted-- watch 
           Serena remove the leather bracelets around the bird’s legs.

           In the woods behind them, the Supervisor blows the lunch 
           WHISTLE and Lumberjacks trickle out of the trees.

           Slowly, carefully, Serena raises her right arm.  Then, as if 
           performing a violent salute, she THRUSTS HER ARM UPWARD.

           The eagle takes wing...unsteadily at first...but then it 
           catches a draft and soars into the sky, making a slow, 
           widening circle over the valley...

           THE FACES...everyone transfixed by the creature’s grace...a 
           silent appreciation of nature’s majesty...

           Buchanan alone seems dubious.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Perhaps there’s nothing to hunt.

                                 SERENA
                        The prey believes if it keeps 
                        still, it won’t be noticed.  But 
                        the prey eventually flinches.  When 
                        it does, the eagle always sees.

           The eagle remains languid...just coasting on the wind...

                                 BUCHANAN
                             (to Pemberton)
                        Judge Parker telephoned me this 
                        morning.  Champion Paper is selling 
                        out to the rainbow chasers.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        They’ll come for us now.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        With Rockefeller’s five million 
                        behind them.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 BUCHANAN (CONT'D)
                        If we play our cards right, they 
                        might offer considerably above 
                        market value.

                                 SERENA
                        We’re not interested.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        I’m asking your husband’s opinion, 
                        Mrs. Pemberton, not yours.

           Serena eyes have the hard glitter of icicles.  Her ferocity 
           makes Pemberton smile.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        My opinion is the same as my 
                        wife’s.  But arrange a meeting 
                        anyway.  I want to size them up.

           Overhead THE EAGLE stops circling...hangs for a moment in 
           midair...then PLUNGES DOWN, ITS BODY IN A V-SHAPE...

           As it nears the ground, the eagle opens its wings with a 
           flourish as it grips the unseen prey.

           The eagle wobbles forward, grappling with its talons, 
           squeezing the life out of something.  Then its head dips and 
           rises again with a hank of stringy flesh in its beak.

           Serena opens her saddle bag and takes out a lariat with a 
           piece of beef tied to the end.  She swings the lure overhead.

           The eagle turns toward her.  Then it rises out of the slash, 
           clutching a three-foot long RATTLESNAKE in its talons.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Lord God.

           The bird flies over the crews, as if to show off its prize, 
           and the loggers SCATTER as if dynamite has been lit.

           Except for Galloway, who watches calmly.

           Then the eagle banks and flies back to Serena...

           ...settling on the ground near her Arabian.  The rattlesnake 
           gripped in its talons is twisting slowly, not quite dead.

           Serena dismounts and holds out the beef.

           The eagle instantly drops the rattlesnake and perches on 
           Serena’s gauntlet to feed.

           VARIOUS LOOKS of astonishment from both overseers and men.
           Even from the usually taciturn Campbell.

           Galloway takes off his hat and addresses Serena:

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Can I have the skin and rattles?

                                 SERENA
                        Yes.  But the meat belongs to the 
                        bird.

           Galloway puts his boot heel to the serpent’s head and 
           dispatches it.  Then he holds up the corpse so the men can 
           see it’s truly dead.  A great CHEER goes up.

           Serena looks up-- startled.  They are cheering for her.  She 
           turns to Pemberton, beaming.

           ON Buchanan.  He loathes her...

           INT. HARMON LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           Rachel drags herself out of bed, pale and shivering from a 
           fever.  She stumbles to the sink and vomits.

           Rachel crosses to the cradle and puts a hand to her baby’s 
           forehead.  He’s sick, too-- burning up.

           Rachel sits on the bed and tries to get the infant to take 
           her breast, but he won’t suckle.  He just stares at her, 
           listless and glassy eyed...

           Frightened, Rachel puts him back in the cradle and empties 
           the contents of her purse on the bed.  Just a few pennies.

           EXT. HARMON LOG CABIN/BARN - NIGHT

           A lantern bobs down toward the barn as Rachel struggles 
           through the snow, a coat pulled on over her nightgown...

           INT. HARMON BARN - NIGHT

           Rachel takes a wicker basket off a peg and hangs up the 
           lantern in its place.

           She wobbles past her old draft horse to a nesting box in the 
           other stall.  Then she steps back in horror:

           The chickens inside have been mauled by a predator...blood 
           and feathers everywhere...
           Rachel picks up a dead chicken, looking for the eggs beneath, 
           but they’re all smashed.  Then she hears something and spins:

           The eyes of a fox glow in the corner of the barn for a moment 
           before it darts through a gap in the boards.

           Rachel hears her baby CRYING in the cabin and runs out...

           INT. HARMON LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           The baby SQUALLS in the cradle.

           Rachel picks him and paces with him, at a loss for what to 
           do.  Then she stops, staring at...

           THE MANTEL, where her father’s pearl-handled bowie knife 
           holds pride of place.  The only thing of value in the cabin.

           The door CLATTERS shut.  Rachel and the babe are gone.

           ANGLE: the knife is still on the mantel.

           EXT. MOUNTAIN PATH - NIGHT

           Clasping the baby to her breast, Rachel stumbles down the 
           path, leaning against the old horse for support...

           Her eyes are losing focus.  She can barely keep going.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT

           The HORSE-- confused and abandoned on the shoulder.

           Twenty yards on, Rachel is weaving down the middle of the 
           blacktop, delirious...

           She stops and checks on the bundle in her arms-- putting her 
           ear close to hear the baby breathe.  She whispers:

                                 RACHEL
                        You’re a good boy, Jacob Harmon.  
                        Mama’s proud of you.

           She staggers on with clouded eyes, losing steam, each step 
           harder than the last...

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAWN

           HEADLIGHTS come over a rise.
           A Model-T slows as it approaches Rachel’s horse-- now 
           wandering aimlessly beside the road...

           Sheriff McDowell gets out of the Model-T. Scans the area.  
           Then he starts to run...

           Rachel is lying on the pavement, clutching Jacob and babbling 
           as the sweat streams off her...

           EXT. WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           The Model-T jerks up the path.

           Widow Jenkins sets down a milk pail.  What’s all this?

           McDowell gets out of the car, carrying Rachel and the child.

           INT. WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           The Widow is cooling Jacob with a damp cloth.

           McDowell tucks Rachel into bed.  She is shaking with chills.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You must love that child dear as 
                        life.

                                 RACHEL
                        I tried not to.  I just couldn’t 
                        find a way to stop myself.

           Her cracked lips part in a little smile.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        I’ll fetch a doctor.

           Rachel grabs his wrist.

                                 RACHEL
                        All I got to trade is that horse.

           McDowell clears his throat.  Overcome for a moment.

           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           A jagged limb swings from the branches of an oak tree-- green 
           and budding with spring.

           A Foreman and a team of Trimmers-- men with hatchets and 
           handsaws for cutting the limbs off of fallen trunks-- wait 
           warily near a fresh-cut tree.  Eyeing the dangling limb.
           At last a breeze jars the limb loose and it FALLS-- piercing 
           the muddy ground with a THWACK.

           The Foreman blows his whistle and the Trimmers get to work on 
           the fallen log.  As the Foreman walks on...

           ANGLE DOWN THE SLOPE, where a Shay engine is pushing a train 
           of empty flatcars toward camp for another load of logs...

           EXT. RAIL LINE/CAMP - DAY

           Rachel hops off a flatcar as the train pulls in.  She waves 
           her thanks to the engineer and walks toward the dining hall.

           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           Pemberton sits on his horse, watching a cutting crew hack at 
           the last specimen of uncut hardwood on this particular slope.  
           Serena’s horse is reined next to his.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        We’re making real progress now.  
                        We’ll harvest the whole 34,000 
                        acres in a couple of years.

                                 SERENA
                        I think less than that.

           She waits.  Knowing he rode up here for a reason.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Rachel Harmon asked for her old job 
                        back.

           A beat.  Serena blinks but says nothing.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Campbell says there’s no work for 
                        her in town anymore.  I won’t let 
                        them starve.

                                 SERENA
                        Does she intend to bring the child 
                        to camp with her?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        A neighbor will keep him.

                                 SERENA
                        Him.  So it’s a boy.

           She watches the lead chopper drive another wedge.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll tell her myself so she knows 
                        it isn’t charity.  She’ll work for 
                        every penny.
                             (a beat)
                        Well.  I thought you should know.

           He nods and turns his horse.

                                 SERENA
                        Pemberton.  Make sure she isn’t 
                        allowed around our food.

           The notion makes Pemberton pause.  Then he rides off...

           INT. DINING HALL - DAY

           Pemberton squints at the blue ribbon in Rachel’s hair, as if 
           it looks vaguely familiar...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What happened with your father...  
                        You saw it yourself, so you know I 
                        was only defending myself.

           Rachel nods, avoiding his eyes.  Pemberton surveys her figure 
           for a moment, as if trying to remember what it was that he 
           once found attractive.  Then she looks up.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        You can start Monday.

                                 RACHEL
                        Thank you.  Sir.

           She walks toward the door.  Pemberton tries to let her leave 
           without speaking again...  But he can’t:

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The child.  What’s his name?

           Rachel turns.  Surprised.

                                 RACHEL
                        Jacob.  It’s from the Bible.
                             (a beat)
                        If you was to want to see him...

           A Kitchen Worker comes into the hall with a mop and bucket.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Monday.
           Rachel lets the door fall shut behind her.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Pemberton and Serena grapple under the sheets.

           His hand gropes for the drawer of the bedside table...opens 
           it...we see condoms inside.  Then Serena’s hand shuts it.

                                 SERENA
                        Let’s make a son.

           Pemberton enters her.  Without a condom.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           A dozen down-and-out HOBOS try to stand up straight as 
           Campbell walks among them, gauging their fitness...

           He nods at one.  Then another.  Then he leaves.

           The men not chosen shamble back toward the camp gate, toward 
           a Hooverville they’ve established on the other side:

           Hollow-eyed WIVES and hungry CHILDREN wait amid the tents and 
           lean-tos on the ravaged hillside.

           A car HONKS and the men move aside to allow an enormous black 
           sedan passage into the camp.  In the back, Webb and Kephart 
           and other Park Commissioners eye the camp with distaste...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE/BACK ROOM - DAY

           Campbell is passing a box of cigars around when Buchanan 
           comes in late, looking mortified.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        I’m terribly sorry.

                                 WEBB
                        No need for apologies, Mr. 
                        Buchanan.  We haven’t begun.

           He notes Buchanan’s Phi Beta Kappa key as they shake hands.

                                 WEBB (CONT’D)
                        A Princeton man?

                                 BUCHANAN
                        ‘98.  Yourself?
                                 WEBB
                        1910.  You must know--

                                 SERENA
                        We’re very busy, gentleman.  Please 
                        tell us your proposition.

           Webb seems faintly shocked by a woman asserting herself.

                                 WEBB
                        Of course.

           Everyone settles in around the table.  A Commissioner passes 
           thick documents to Pemberton and Buchanan.  Then, after a 
           moment’s hesitation, to Serena as well.

                                 WEBB (CONT’D)
                        The initial price we offered 
                        Pemberton Lumber Company was, I 
                        admit, far too low.  With the 
                        generous help of Mr. Rockefeller we 
                        are now prepared to make a more 
                        substantial offer.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        How much?

                                 WEBB
                        Four hundred thousand dollars.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Our price is one million.

           Webb cannot conceal his surprise.  Buchanan fidgets lighting 
           a cigarette, avoiding the chairman’s eyes.

                                 KEPHART
                        The land was appraised at four 
                        hundred.  Before the market crash.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What about our investment in plant 
                        and equipment-- the 26 miles of 
                        railroad we’ve built?

                                 KEPHART
                        From which you’ve profited already.  
                        Why not give something back to the 
                        people here?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Which people?  The 2,000 farmers 
                        you’ve run off their land?
           Kephart starts to reply but Webb stops him with a glance.

                                 WEBB
                        Regrettable, I do agree.  But in 
                        the long run I believe it’s for the 
                        greater good.

                                 KEPHART
                        This is an opportunity to make your 
                        mark for future generations.

                                 SERENA
                        Leaving something as it is makes no 
                        mark at all.

                                 WEBB
                        Congress has chartered the park, 
                        Mrs. Pemberton.  If we’re forced to 
                        take your land by eminent domain, 
                        you’ll be lucky to get half what 
                        we’re offering.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The price is one million dollars.

           A beat.  Webb leans back, puffing his cigar and eyeing the 
           Pembertons bemusedly...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Buchanan shakes hands with Webb and Kephart and the other 
           Commissioners at their car.  Smiling, friendly...

           Pemberton and Serena watch them from the office porch.

                                 SERENA
                        Buchanan has been negotiating 
                        behind our backs.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What makes you so sure?

                                 SERENA
                        His eyes.  He wouldn’t look our 
                        way, not once.

           Pemberton squints at Buchanan...

           EXT. DINING HALL - DAY

           Galloway slouches against the Packard, chewing tobacco.  A 
           snake’s rattle now dangles from his hat.
           Churchgoers carrying Bibles trickle past him, headed to the 
           dining hall for Sunday services.

           Pemberton says goodbye to Serena:

                                 SERENA
                        Will you bring home the panther?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        We’re only scouting today.

           Serena kisses him and heads toward the stable...

           Pemberton opens the door to the Packard.  And freezes:

           GALLOWAY’S MOTHER is in the back seat, peering at him through 
           the tunnel of a black bonnet.  Not peering exactly: her eyes 
           are sclerotic.  Sightless.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Mama likes to get out on a pretty 
                        day like this.

           Pemberton doesn’t know what to say.  He gets behind the 
           wheel, trying to shake off Mrs. Galloway’s eerie visage.

           The Packard drives off...

           As Serena nears the stable, she stops in her tracks, watching 
           the Churchgoers walking over from the train:

           Rachel trails the others, casting her eyes about.  She’s done 
           her hair neatly and put on a clean dress.  And she carries 
           her baby with his face turned out-- the better to be noticed.

           Then Rachel’s eyes find Serena-- the first time they have 
           seen each other since the train platform.  Rachel hurries 
           away, now clutching her infant protectively.

           Serena’s gaze follows her all the way to the dining hall...

           EXT. BACK COUNTRY - DAY

           Pemberton’s Packard winds up a dirt road...past collapsed and 
           abandoned houses...foreclosure notices nailed to trees...

           INT. PACKARD - MOVING - DAY

           Mrs. Galloway sits primly with her hands in her lap.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Does your mother ever speak?
                                 GALLOWAY
                        Not unless she’s got something 
                        worth listening to.  She can tell 
                        your future if you want.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Will I find my mountain lion, 
                        Mother Galloway?

           He watches her in the mirror a long beat.  Then Mrs. Galloway 
           nods.  Pemberton laughs.  Sure he will, sure he will...

           EXT. RUTTED ROAD - DAY

           The Packard sits in a clearing at the end of a dirt road.

           Mrs. Galloway is in the back seat, in the same prim repose.  
           The only motion to her figure is the bellows-like movement of 
           her cheeks as she sucks a piece of candy.

           EXT. FOREST/STREAM - DAY

           LONG: Pemberton and Galloway appear and disappear in a dense 
           stand of trees.

           CLOSER: they are moving upstream along a fast-flowing creek.  
           Galloway’s sharp eyes scan the mud for tracks...

                                 GALLOWAY
                        This way.

           He and Pemberton follow faint markings, pushing through a 
           thicket to find a deep pool surrounded by mud.

           The TRACKS of a heavy animal are pressed into the mud.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Cat?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Yeah, it’s a cat.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        There aren’t any claw marks.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Them don’t come out till it’s time 
                        to do some killing.

           He settles on a knee and measures a track with his finger.
                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Bobcat.  Big one, though.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Sure it’s not a mountain lion?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        I reckon you could stick a tail on 
                        it and claim it for a panther.  
                        There’s fools that’d not know the 
                        difference.

           He looks at the sun to gauge the time.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Next time we’ll come at nightfall.  
                        If there’s a panther roundabout, 
                        you’ll hear him.
                             (smiles)
                        Sounds like a baby crying.  Except 
                        it shuts off of a sudden, like 
                        something that’s had its throat 
                        slashed.  Make the back of your 
                        neck bristle up like a porcupine.

           VOICES in the distance.  Pemberton signals to Galloway to be 
           quiet and peers through a gap in the thicket:

           LONG: McDowell watches as Kephart expertly snares a butterfly 
           in a net.  He puts the specimen in a jar.  McDowell takes the 
           jar and examines it as they move deeper into the woods...

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                             (softly)
                        They’s always out catching bugs 
                        together.  That high sheriff’s near 
                        as hep on naturing as Kephart.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I hear he’s got a cabin up here.

           He turns to Galloway with a meaningful expression...

           EXT. KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - DAY

           Galloway squats in the clearing outside, keeping watch.

           INT. KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - DAY

           Pemberton steps past a large, handmade map of the proposed  
           park and pokes around, opening cabinets and drawers...
           Kephart lives like a Spartan, keeping only what’s necessary 
           for a writer’s survival.  Including a portable typewriter and 
           several jars of clear whiskey.

           Pemberton spots a briefcase beside the typewriter stand and 
           rifles through the sheaf of legal documents inside.  But 
           there doesn’t seem to be anything of interest...

           Then a WHIPPOORWILL cries outside.  Galloway.

           EXT. KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - DAY

           Pemberton glides out-- spotting something on the ground as he 
           does.  Approaching VOICES keep him from picking it up.

           Kephart and McDowell stride into view, stopping at pistol 
           distance, like gunfighters on Main Street.

                                 KEPHART
                        What are you doing on my land?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Your land?  I assumed you already 
                        donated it to the park.

                                 KEPHART
                        I have, in my will.  Until then, 
                        you’re trespassing.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        We’re just passing through.  Heard 
                        a panther might be roaming around.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Move on.  Or I’ll arrest you for 
                        trespassing.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        That’s not very hospitable.

           He lights a cigarette.  Kephart just glares at him.

           Pemberton shrugs and turns to go, but drops his Zippo.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Damn.

           As he bends to retrieve it, we see him palm a CIGARETTE BUTT 
           lying in the dirt.

           Pemberton nods to Galloway.  Time to go.
           McDowell and Kephart watch them leave.  Suspecting they’re up 
           to something, but not sure what...

           INT. PACKARD - DAY

           Pemberton is at the wheel, staring at the cigarette butt.  
           It’s slender, gold tipped.  The kind Buchanan smokes.

           Galloway closes the back door for his mother then slips in on 
           the passenger side.  He waits on Pemberton a moment.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        I can drive if you’re winded.

           Pemberton starts the car.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Don’t worry.  We’ll get you a 
                        panther yet.

           Pemberton puts the Packard in gear and drives.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           The Packard rolls into the camp, passing a pickup with a 
           green paneled hut in the bed: “R.L. Frizzell, Photographer.”

           An open coffin leans against the back wall of the commissary.  
           A logger’s CORPSE is propped up inside.  Posing stiffly on 
           either side of the deceased are his WIDOW and YOUNG SON.

           The shutter of the box camera CLICKS and FRIZZELL emerges 
           from beneath the black cloth.  Campbell pays him.

           Two loggers put the lid on the coffin and nail it in.

           ANGLE: Pemberton and Galloway get out of the Packard.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What’s going on over there?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        That’s Stewart, got hit by the 
                        skidder boom.  They’re taking his 
                        picture for a remembering.

           Pemberton crosses to Campbell.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Where’s my wife?
                                 CAMPBELL
                        Up there with the eagle.

           Pemberton is about to head off when he notices Frizzell is 
           waddling toward the dining hall.  The congregants from the 
           church service are lingering over a potluck picnic.

           Frizzell plants his tripod and aims it at a fussy baby in a 
           blue gingham smock.

           Something about the child holds Pemberton’s attention...

           Frizzell shakes a shiny rattle to get the baby’s attention 
           but the infant ignores him, squirming...

           Then Rachel steps out of the congregation and picks up the 
           baby.  She calms him and puts him back on the ground.

           Campbell turns to go, but Pemberton grabs his arm.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Stay here a minute.

           He squints, trying to get a good look at the baby.

           Frizzell gets back under the black cloth.  FLASH!

           Rachel picks up the baby and turns him, brushing his hair 
           away so Pemberton can get a good look at the face.

           Then Widow Jenkins takes her arm.  Rachel watches Pemberton 
           over her shoulder as the Widow leads her to the train...

           Pemberton gets out his wallet and gives Campbell a five.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           The CIGARETTE BUTT in a saucer on the mantel.  Serena picks 
           it up.  Examines it.  Puts it back.

                                 SERENA
                        He needs no signature from you-- no 
                        approval?

           Pemberton pours himself a drink.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Just that letter from the lawyers.  
                        Son-of-a-bitch.

                                 SERENA
                        What happens if he’s unable to 
                        perform his duties as trustee?
                                 PEMBERTON
                        Mother takes his place.

                                 SERENA
                        Would she interfere?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Hardly.

           Serena crosses to the table and picks up a newspaper.  She 
           holds it out so Pemberton can see the front page:

           “ROCKEFELLER TO VISIT ASHEVILLE.  Noted Philanthropist Seeks 
           To Advance National Park Scheme.”

           Pemberton grabs the paper and reads...

                                 SERENA
                        Rockefeller is coming to sign deals 
                        with Champion Paper and the other 
                        landowners they’ve intimidated.  
                        Buchanan means to be one of them.

           Pemberton looks up from the paper.  Unable to contradict her.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        He’s made his choice.  Now we have 
                        to make ours.

           Her eyes have a dark cast that chills Pemberton...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What are you saying?

                                 SERENA
                        If we don’t stop him now, we’ll 
                        lose everything.

           Pemberton gropes for an alternative but grasps nothing.  
           Serena comes to him, soothingly, and takes him in her arms...

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        I can do it if you want me to.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No.  I’ll take care of it.

           He knocks back his drink in one gulp.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The beating of HOOVES is muffled by a blanket of leaves.
           A hunting party is moving up the trail.

           Vaughn leads, in the wagon with Galloway and the dogs.  
           Following on horses are Campbell, Buchanan, and Pemberton.

           Pemberton watches the bounce of Buchanan’s split-tail hunting 
           coat as he rides in front of him.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Hope you brung that $20 gold piece.

           Pemberton starts-- broken from his reverie.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Thought we were after deer.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        That panther likes him a deer, too.

           EXT. PASTURE - DAY

           The hunting party splashes through a creek and the trees give 
           way onto an abandoned pasture...withered fence posts strung 
           with tendrils of barbed wire...

           They ride toward a slouching homestead.  Beyond the collapsed 
           barn, an apple orchard covers the slope...

           EXT. HOMESTEAD - DAY

           Vaughn unleashes the dogs, who leap out of the wagon and 
           charge YAPPING into the orchard...

           Pemberton dismounts and takes the lay of the land.

                                 PEMBERTON
                             (to Galloway)
                        You and Campbell can take the left.  
                        We’ll go over there.

           Galloway and Campbell head off as instructed.

           Pemberton takes his rifle from its sheath on his horse and 
           checks the load and the safety.

           Maddeningly deliberate as far as Buchanan’s concerned.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        The dogs are running, George.

           Pemberton does not accelerate his ministrations...
           EXT. BARN - DAY

           Pemberton peers at the desiccated skin of an animal, tacked 
           to the back wall.  Ragged now, it was once a great cat.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        There’s your panther.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You made a deal with Kephart.

                                 BUCHANAN
                             (a beat)
                        For your own good, George.  I got 
                        them up to 450.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The timber’s worth a million.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        You shouldn’t believe everything 
                        she tells you.

           Pemberton is silent.  Cold.  The BARKING starts to get 
           closer.  Buchanan shakes his head disgustedly.

                                 BUCHANAN (CONT’D)
                        Maybe the old man knew you better 
                        than I thought.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Which side?

                                 BUCHANAN
                        I’ll set up over there.

           Pemberton nods and takes up a position near the barn...

           He checks the load again, then he watches Buchanan.

           The BARKING grows louder.  The dogs are driving the game.

                                 BUCHANAN (CONT’D)
                        Here they come.

           He raises his rifle.

           Pemberton does the same.

           A large BUCK lurches out of the woods and into the orchard, 
           right into Buchanan’s shooting alley.

           Buchanan takes aim and...  FIRES TWICE.
           The buck is hit in the hindquarters and staggers sideways 
           through the orchard’s center row before it falls.

           The buck thrashes, trying to stand.

           Buchanan rises, going toward it.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The dogs will finish it off.

                                 BUCHANAN
                        Why let him suffer?

           He stalks toward the wounded buck.

           Pemberton gently releases the safety on his rifle.  CLICK.

           Buchanan pays him no mind.  He is near the buck now, holding 
           his rifle as the animal writhes, trying to get a clean head 
           shot to finish him off.  But the buck won’t cooperate.

           Pemberton slowly turns his rifle toward Buchanan...

           Buchanan pauses and takes off his hunting jacket.  He folds 
           it neatly and lays it on the grass.

           The SIGHT on Pemberton’s rifle settles on his fastidious 
           companion.  He takes a deep breath to calm himself, holding 
           Buchanan in his sights.  But still he doesn’t fire.

           Buchanan picks up his rifle again and goes closer to the 
           deer, close enough that he can press the barrel directly 
           against the creature’s skull.

           Then, as he is about to apply the coup de grace, Buchanan 
           catches something in the corner of his eye and turns:

           Pemberton is AIMING HIS RIFLE AT HIM.

           Buchanan freezes.  Startled.  His lips form a plea-- then the 
           sound is drowned out by the REPORT of Pemberton’s rifle.

           Buchanan is hit in the center of his chest.  He crumples, his 
           bewildered eyes reproaching Pemberton as he falls.

           Pemberton just stands there.  Smoke curling from his rifle.  
           Unable to move.  Then a twig SNAPS.  He spins.

           Campbell, who is coming around the barn, stops short.

           Pemberton lowers his rifle.  How much did he see?
           EXT. HOMESTEAD - DAY

           Vaughn hops onto Buchanan’s horse and gallops into the woods.

           EXT. CAMP - DAY

           Pemberton and Campbell ride into the camp, following Galloway 
           in the wagon.  The dogs stand round Buchanan’s body in the 
           bed, like sentinels...

           Dr. Chaney and Sheriff McDowell rise from the porch of the 
           office, where they have been waiting with Vaughn.

           Galloway drops the gate and shoos the dogs out.

           Dr. Chaney steps up to examine the body...probing the wound 
           with his bare finger...

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        One shot.  Rifle.

           He picks up a dull, white oval.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Is that button?

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        No.  A piece of vertebrae.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        He was in the orchard.  He was 
                        supposed to be farther away from 
                        the barn.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Anybody else with you?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You see anything, Campbell?

           Campbell feels Pemberton’s gaze.  He shakes his head.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        Looks like your shot hit dead 
                        center in the heart.  Pretty 
                        amazing accident.

           Pemberton doesn’t reply.
                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        You and Buchanan get on, did you?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        He was a friend of my father’s.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Is that an answer?

           It’s all the answer he’s getting.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        Put the body on the train.  I’m 
                        going to have an autopsy done.

           Campbell helps the men lift the corpse out of the wagon.

           McDowell eyes Pemberton a moment, then turns to Galloway:

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        You got anything to add?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        It was an accident.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        How do you know that?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        He ain’t a good enough shot to do 
                        it on purpose.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Anything else, Sheriff?

           A beat.  McDowell turns and heads for his car...

           Pemberton squeezes his fist, as if strangling a tremor.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Pemberton comes in and heads straight to the bar, pouring 
           himself a whiskey...gulping it...

           In the mirror beside him, Serena’s form seems to resolve out 
           of the shadows...watching Pemberton searchingly...

                                 SERENA
                        So it’s done.

           Pemberton nods.  She moves to him.
                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        And the sheriff?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Suspicious.  But he has nothing.

                                 SERENA
                        You’ll need to find that letter 
                        from your father’s lawyers.  It’s 
                        motive.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll take care of it.

           Serena wraps her arms around him.

                                 SERENA
                        I wish I were a man so I could have 
                        been with you.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I could have shot him in the back 
                        but I didn’t.  I waited till he 
                        looked me in the eye.

           Serena’s hands wind round him and unbuckle his belt...

           Then her eyes find his in the mirror.  Her arousal seems to 
           drive away Pemberton’s doubts.  He turns and they go at each 
           other with ardor, clothes flying, furniture knocked over...

           INT. MORGUE/ASHEVILLE - NIGHT

           Buchanan’s stiff corpse is on the slab.

           The CORONER is bent over a table, finishing his report.  But 
           McDowell lingers, as if unsatisfied with the answer...

                                 CORONER
                             (with finality)
                        Accidental death.

           A beat.  McDowell puts his hat on and stalks out...

           The coroner resumes writing.

           Behind him, SHOES step around from behind a partition.

           Then an ENVELOPE filled with cash is set on the table beside 
           the Coroner’s report.  When he looks up to say thanks:

           The door is already swinging shut on Campbell.
           EXT. CAMP - NIGHT

           Campbell’s Dodge pulls into the sleeping camp.

           He gets out, holding a small cardboard box.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - NIGHT

           Campbell sets the box on Buchanan’s desk.  Inside are the 
           effects from the corpse: watch, keys, Phi Beta Kappa pin.

           Campbell takes the keys and unlocks a drawer...rifling the 
           papers inside until he finds the envelope with the return 
           address in Boston...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           The safe is open.  Pemberton removes a stack of cash and 
           places it on Campbell’s desk.

           Campbell stops sorting the mail and regards the money warily.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        I’m paid fair enough.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You have a family, don’t you?  
                        Consider it a bonus.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        What am I expected to do for it?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Nothing but what you’ve done.  Keep 
                        the books.  Manage the men.

           Campbell puts the bribe in his coat and resumes sorting.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        You brought back Mr. Buchanan’s 
                        things from the coroner.

           Campbell nods toward the box on Buchanan’s desk.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Did you happen to see an envelope 
                        from Boston?

                                 CAMPBELL
                        There wasn’t any envelope that in 
                        the box.
           Pemberton looks at him a moment, weighing the assertion.   
           Campbell is as placid as ever...

                                 CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
                        But this came for you.

           He unlocks his desk and removes a square packet tied with a 
           string.  Pemberton has no idea what it is.

           He opens it, curious.  Inside is the PHOTOGRAPH Frizzell made 
           of Rachel’s baby...

           EXT. HARMON LOG CABIN/FAMILY GRAVEYARD - DAY

           Jacob Harmon watches solemnly as Rachel stirs up a bucket of 
           mud and horse manure with a trowel.  He has grown since the 
           photograph.  A toddler now instead of an infant.

                                 RACHEL
                        There may come a time you need to 
                        know how to do this.  So watch.

           She plops a big scoop of the chinking material on a plank of 
           wood.  Then she smooths it into a gap between the logs...

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        See?  Let’s let you do it now.

           She wraps his little hand around the trowel and helps Jacob 
           scoop up some of the muck.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        Daub it on good.

           She guides his hand to the gap and they fill a bit more.

           Jacob turns to her as if to ask if he’s done it right and 
           Rachel smiles.  Jacob makes a happy sound.

           EXT. HARMON CABIN - LATER

           All but the bottom row of logs are chinked now.  Jacob crawls 
           into view, spreading muck all over himself and the logs as he 
           tries to finish “his” row...

           Meanwhile, Rachel crouches on the roof, fitting river stones 
           from a burlap sack into the empty spots in the chimney...

                                 RACHEL
                        You about finished chinking them 
                        logs, Jacob Harmon?
           She leans over to look at him.  Then she pauses:

           Widow Jenkins is approaching with a wicker basket on her arm.

           EXT. HARMON LOG CABIN/PORCH - DAY

           Widow Jenkins washes Jacob’s face with a wet handkerchief as 
           Rachel eats fried okra and hominy from the basket.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS
                        Joel Vaughn asked about you at the 
                        service today.  He was worried you 
                        or the young one was feeling puny.

           She looks at Rachel meaningfully.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS (CONT’D)
                        Turned into a right handsome man, 
                        don’t you think?

                                 RACHEL
                        Yes, ma’am.  I suppose so.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS
                        He’d make you a good sweetheart.

           Rachel makes a face.  Not likely.  The Widow shakes her head.

                                 WIDOW JENKINS (CONT’D)
                        That man ain’t never gonna do 
                        nothing for you.

           Rachel opens her mouth to protest-- she never thought 
           Pemberton would-- but it’s clear the Widow isn’t buying.

           Rachel blushes and goes back to eating.

           EXT. STUMPS AND SLASH - DAY

           Pemberton and Serena ride hard up the slope.

           EXT. LOGGED AREA - DAY

           A SURVEYOR and his CHAINMAN stretch a Gunter’s chain across 
           the debris.  HOOFBEATS are bearing down on them...

           Then Pemberton and Serena gallop into view, closing in--

           The Surveyors pause-- they wouldn’t--

           But Pemberton and Serena don’t slow down.
           The Surveyors drop the chain and jump out of the way as 
           Pemberton and Serena charge through them and on up to the 
           crest of the denuded ridge.

           They rein their horses and look down the other side:

           At the bottom of a logged slope is a stream that must be the 
           boundary of the Pembertons’ holdings: on its far bank, the 
           trees are still standing.

           And so are McDowell, Kephart and Webb.

           EXT. THE FOULED STREAM - DAY

           The combatants measure each other across the stream, which is 
           fouled with logging waste and dead fish...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Get them off my land.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Those men are Federal agents making 
                        an official survey.

           He splashes across to Pemberton, holding out a document.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        Consider yourself served.

                                 WEBB
                        You have 90 days to clear off so 
                        the state can take lawful title.

                                 KEPHART
                        We gave you a chance to sell at a 
                        fair price, Mr. Pemberton.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Getting along all right without 
                        your partner?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        He wasn’t my partner.  Buchanan 
                        overstepped his authority.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        That why you shot him?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        It was an accident.  Your own 
                        coroner said so.
                                 MCDOWELL
                        And two days later he was driving a 
                        new Packard.

                                 SERENA
                        Fish upstream, Sheriff.  You won’t 
                        catch anything here.

           Pemberton tears the document in two and tosses it into the 
           water with the dead fish...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Serena turns her profile to the mirror, running a hand over 
           her belly to gauge its growth-- as Rachel once did before the 
           same mirror.  She is beginning to show...

                                 SERENA
                        What did the lawyer say?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        That he can stall, but they’ll 
                        seize the land in the end.

                                 SERENA
                        How long?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        A year at most.
                             (a beat)
                        He thinks they’d still give us the 
                        $400,000.  To avoid the hassle.  He 
                        thinks we should take it.

           Serena glances at him.  Is he serious?

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        The sheriff was in the commissary 
                        last night, asking about Buchanan.

                                 SERENA
                        If he’s asking questions, he must 
                        not have the answers.

           Pemberton drains his whiskey.  Not so sure about that...

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Do you know where we should go?  
                        After we finish Carolina and mount 
                        your lion’s head in our study...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I hadn’t thought that far.
                                 SERENA
                        The Mato Grosso in Brazil.  Virgin 
                        forests of mahogany for hundreds of 
                        miles.  And not a single timber 
                        company. 

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’m surprised no one else has 
                        thought of taking those trees.

                                 SERENA
                        They have but they’re too timid.
                        The forests have no roads; some 
                        aren’t even mapped.  It’s a 
                        challenge worthy of you, Pemberton.

           She smiles and pulls him close, placing his hand on the 
           slight bulge in her belly...

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        We can build an empire for our son.

                                 PEMBERTON
                             (a beat)
                        What would it take to get started?

                                 SERENA
                        A million, maybe two.  We’ll need 
                        investors, of course.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        And for that we’d have to show them 
                        what we can do under pressure.

                                 SERENA
                        If we face down the federal 
                        government and don’t blink...

           Pemberton mulls it over...it’s tempting...  Serena kisses him 
           and takes his glass, getting him a refill.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Is it true Galloway was in prison?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Five years.  Manslaughter, I think.   
                        But he’s the best hunting guide in 
                        the state.  The men say he can 
                        track a grasshopper across caprock.

           Why is she asking?
           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAWN

           Galloway stands, somewhat bewildered to be here, holding his 
           hat with the rattlesnake tails.

           Pemberton hands him a silver supervisor’s whistle.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Put him down for another $5 a week.

           Campbell does not seem keen on the idea of making Galloway a 
           supervisor.  But he takes a pen and opens the ledger...

           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           The WHISTLE bounces on Galloway’s chest as he climbs the 
           frozen slope.  The glint of the sun off the metal seems to 
           catch the eyes of the men he passes:

           No one congratulates him on his promotion.

           Galloway pauses near a pair of Sawyers struggling to get 
           their saw through an oak.

           On the ground is the Chopper’s axe and a can of kerosene.

           The Chopper himself is sitting on a cut log, taking a 
           cigarette break.

           Galloway picks up the axe and HURLS IT, END OVER END...

           IT THUDS INTO THE LOG-- making the Chopper jump.

           One look at the man who threw it has him rushing back to the 
           oak and squirting kerosene on the saw to oil the blade...

           Galloway walks on, grinding out the Chopper’s cigarette under 
           his brogan.

           ANGLE: The eagle circles, high above the trees...

           A HUGE POPLAR falls toward us and CRASHES to the earth.

           A team of Trimmers looks skyward:

           The poplar left several sheared-off branches in the trees on 
           either side as it fell.  Dangling like so many daggers.

           Unlike the Foreman we saw earlier, Galloway doesn’t let them 
           wait for the branches to clear.  He just blows his whistle-- 
           signalling them to get to work.

           The Trimmers look at Galloway a beat, then fall in.
           Galloway walks on, leaving the Trimmers behind, the rattles 
           on his hat going SHUSH-SHUSH...

           ANGLE: Up the slope Serena is astride her white Arabian, the 
           eagle on her arm...watching the new supervisor approvingly...

           A sheared-off LIMB teeters above the Trimmers...wobbling back 
           and forth, as if deciding...  Then it FALLS.

           The broken end of the branch strikes a Trimmer in the back, 
           DRIVING THROUGH HIM LIKE A SPEAR, knocking him to the ground.

           He raises himself to his knees for a moment.  Then dies.

           His comrades look up the hill, where Galloway is receding.

           Galloway does not look back.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Pemberton takes bundles of cash from the safe and stuffs them 
           into envelopes, as Buchanan once did.

           Campbell records the figures in the black and green ledgers.

           Then Pemberton pauses at the window, looking outside:

           The dead Trimmer is being carried to Dr. Chaney’s caboose.

           Pemberton watches until the loggers move out of view.  Then 
           he frowns-- he’s lost track of the count.  He takes the money 
           out of the envelope and starts over...

           EXT. PRISTINE FOREST - DAY

           Serena rides along the snowy bank of a river, wearing a long 
           duster that masks her pregnancy.  She is surrounded by 
           soaring, old-growth trees.  A natural cathedral.

           Serena passes a spectacular WATERFALL and rides on, climbing 
           toward the top of a ridge...

           EXT. TOP OF RIDGE - DAY

           Serena reins her Arabian to a stop and looks down into the 
           valley below, listening to the faint percussion of axes...

           A train WHISTLES...unseen at first...then it chugs into view: 
           Dozens of flatcars, all piled with cut logs, ride the rails 
           toward Waynesville.  As the train disappears around a bend...
           REVERSE TO Serena, watching from the same place on the ridge.  
           But the season has changed.  It’s spring.  The trees are 
           budding.  And Serena’s belly now presses against her coat.

           EXT. STUMPS AND SLASH - DAY

           LONG: Serena gallops through the wasteland like a Valkyrie.

           ANGLE ON the same waterfall.  And we realize this wasteland 
           is the pristine forest she rode through a moment before.

           The Arabian churns the muddy slope, trampling green shoots 
           under its hooves...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Pemberton lifts a large box from the back seat.

           Vaughn hobbles toward him, offering to help.  But Pemberton 
           waves him away.  This is a private matter.  He lugs the box 
           into his cabin alone...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           Pemberton puts the finishing touches on the cradle he has 
           just assembled and carries it into the bedroom.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE/BACK ROOM - NIGHT

           Campbell stands near the door, waiting as Pemberton peruses a 
           sheaf of papers.  He has evidently interrupted dinner.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Snipes?

           Campbell nods solemnly.  Pemberton signs, shaking his head.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        He was with us from the start.

           Dr. Chaney pats his plump lips.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        The men are getting killed at a 
                        rather prodigious rate these last 
                        few weeks.  When Buchanan was here, 
                        there seemed to be fewer deaths.
                                 SERENA
                        We’re working steeper inclines now.  
                        The rain makes footing treacherous.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        If only I could stitch together all 
                        the severed limbs, I could make you 
                        a new man every week or two.

           He smiles but they don’t seem to find his jest amusing.

                                 DR. CHANEY (CONT’D)
                        Anyway, this depression ensures 
                        plenty of replacements.  I saw 20 
                        men at the depot in Waynesville 
                        today.  Ragged as scarecrows.

           Campbell collects the papers and leaves.  Chaney turns back 
           to his ham, surgically removing a rind of fat.

                                 DR. CHANEY (CONT’D)
                        Still.  It’s a great deal more work 
                        for me when they get hurt...

           His beady eyes glitter with avarice.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - NIGHT

           Campbell gathers his things to leave for the night.  As he 
           turns to the door, his gaze falters over Buchanan’s desk-- 
           staring at it a moment, disturbed.  Then he goes out...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Pemberton and Serena are standing at the bedroom door, 
           admiring the cradle.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Have you thought about what you’re 
                        going to do after the baby comes?

                                 SERENA
                        The same as I’m doing now.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I suppose we can find a woman to 
                        look after him.

                                 SERENA
                        One of those hillbilly slatterns?  
                        He can ride with me.
           Pemberton looks dubious.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Any child of ours can stand a 
                        little jostling, Pemberton.

           True enough.  He puts his arms around her.  Kisses her.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Chaney was asking a lot of 
                        questions tonight.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Twenty dollars a week will close 
                        his mouth.

                                 SERENA
                        That much?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        It’s only a few more months.  Then 
                        we’ll build our empire.

           Serena smiles.

           INT. WAYNESVILLE JAIL - NIGHT

           Campbell taps the envelope with the Boston return address 
           against his palm, waiting.

           McDowell reads Buchanan’s letter carefully.  Then he folds it 
           up and hands it back.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You’ll have to testify to what you 
                        saw.  And what you did.  I can’t 
                        promise you won’t do time.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        I know.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        I want you to show that to a man in 
                        Raleigh, a judge they don’t own.  
                        He’ll need to see the ledgers, too.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        He keeps those in the safe.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You’ll have to figure a way.  
                        Wouldn’t do any good to hang him 
                        and leave her in charge.  Would it?
           A beat.  Campbell nods.

           EXT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           On the porch, Campbell smokes and watches a heavy rain 
           lashing the camp.  Waiting.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE

           Pemberton dials the combination of the Mosler safe and opens 
           it.  He puts the ledgers on Campbell’s desk, then...

           He opens the door.  Letting Campbell back inside.

           INT. DINING HALL - DAY

           Rachel eats her lunch alone, shunned by the other girls on 
           the kitchen staff...  Then a tray loaded with china and 
           silverware settles on her table.  She looks up:

           Joel Vaughn tugs on his golf cap, grinning.

                                 VAUGHN
                        Mind if I rest up a minute?  That’s 
                        a powerful heavy tray.

           Rachel nods shyly.  He swings his bent foot over the bench.

                                 RACHEL
                        That must be for Mr. Pemberton.

           Vaughn tenses slightly at her mention of Pemberton.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        They say he likes you.  Might make 
                        you an overseer like Mr. Campbell.

                                 VAUGHN
                        No, thanks.  I’d just as soon go 
                        someplace else, if I can.

                                 RACHEL
                        Like Seattle, Washington maybe?

           She grins.  But Vaughn’s expression is blank.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        Back in school Miss Stephens asked 
                        us where in America we wanted to 
                        go.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        You said how the furthest-most 
                        place from that schoolhouse sounded 
                        pretty good to you.

                                 VAUGHN
                             (remembering now)
                        And she made me measure it out on 
                        the map-- Seattle, Washington.

                                 RACHEL
                        You always was the funniest one in 
                        that school.

           A beat.  Then she notices a couple of Girls at another table, 
           whispering and staring at them.  It embarrasses her.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        Best not let them victuals get 
                        cold.

                                 VAUGHN
                             (loudly)
                        Don’t mind them old snuff mouths.

           Rachel covers a smile with her hand.  When she looks up 
           Vaughn is holding out a toy train to her.

                                 VAUGHN (CONT’D)
                        For your young one.

           He nods.  Take it.  Rachel is touched...

           EXT. FOREST/BIG OAK - DAY

           BOOTS in the mud as Galloway steadies himself on a slope.  He 
           steps over giant roots and crouches beside a barrel-thick 
           oak, pointing out the spot for the undercut.

           The Chopper, a boy of 17, nods and raises his axe.

           Galloway holds his hand at the spot until the last second, so 
           the dim boy doesn’t forget it, then eases back.

           But the Chopper’s foot slips on the muddy roots.  His knee 
           buckles and the axe swings down well short of the trunk...

           Galloway’s LEFT HAND PARTS FROM HIS ARM WITH A SOFT, FLESHY 
           SOUND.  It tumbles into a gap between the oak’s roots, the 
           fingers curling inward like a dying spider...

           Galloway staggers back and leans against the trunk-- blood 
           leaping from his upraised wrist.
           The Chopper drops his axe in shock.

           Galloway’s legs fold beneath him and he sinks down the oak, 
           letting out a soft MOAN.

           Up the slope, Serena turns and spurs her white horse...

           Galloway stares at her blankly, holding his stump upright but 
           otherwise doing nothing to stanch the flow.

           Serena dismounts and cuts the reins from her horse.

           She cinches the leather around Galloway’s arm, stopping the 
           flow of blood.

           Then Serena removes her coat and wraps it around him.

                                 SERENA
                        Get him on my horse.

           But the men-- a cutting crew and a team of Trimmers-- don’t 
           move.  Staring in wonder at her pregnant belly.  As if they 
           hadn’t known until now that she was truly a woman...

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Now.

           Two men lift Galloway onto the Arabian and hold him there.  

           Serena thrusts out a hand and the others help her climb into 
           the saddle.  Doffing their hats as they step back.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Get back to work.

           Holding Galloway on, she rides down toward camp...

           EXT. DR. CHANEY’S CABOOSE - DAY

           Galloway slumps on Serena’s horse as Dr. Chaney examines the 
           tourniquet on his arm.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Damn good job whoever tied this...  
                        You’ll have to get him to a 
                        hospital if he’s to have a chance.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        I’ll take him.

           He and Pemberton lift Galloway down and drag him toward the 
           Dodge.  Galloway’s feet plow small furrows in the mud...
                                 GALLOWAY
                             (to all in earshot)
                        I’ll live.  It’s done been 
                        prophesied.

           Serena turns her Arabian to head back.  Then she sees:

           Rachel is watching her from the kitchen door.  Agape.

           Coatless and soaked to the skin, there is no missing Serena’s 
           condition now.  She meets the teenager’s gaze for a moment-- 
           with an air of triumph.

           Rachel scurries back into the kitchen.

           The Dodge is driving away.  Pemberton walks back...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Looks like you saved his life.

           But then his expression changes-- something is wrong--

           Serena is clinging to the pommel to keep from falling off her 
           horse.  In pain...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Serena sits on the edge of the bed, pale and wincing.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Lie down on your side.

           Pemberton watches Chaney open Serena’s peignoir and press a 
           stethoscope to her abdomen...

           Then he palpitates the area, making Serena grimace.

           CLOSER: Chaney seems to extend this part of the examination, 
           as if he takes a quiet pleasure in causing her pain...

                                 DR. CHANEY (CONT’D)
                        Nothing to worry about, madam.  
                        Most likely something has not lain 
                        well on your stomach.

                                 SERENA
                        It doesn’t feel like a stomachache.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Well, it certainly isn’t labor.
                             (a beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 DR. CHANEY (CONT'D)
                        The hospital in Asheville can 
                        provide a second opinion.  If the 
                        discomfort is too much for you.

           She meets his condescending gaze.

                                 SERENA
                        That won’t be necessary.

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Bed rest, madam.  You’ll be fine in 
                        a day or two.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Is that all you can do for her?

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        Fetch her some peppermints.  They 
                        do wonders.

           He snaps his bag shut.

           EXT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           A Worker sets a bit of valerian root on the Pembertons’
           porch.  Another man leaves a jar of dark liquid.

           These offerings join several others glowing in the porch 
           light: mandrake and milkweed...polished stones and beads...

           EXT. CAMP GATE - DAWN

           A FIGURE limps up the road, past the Hooverville, which is 
           just beginning to stir in the early light.

           Galloway pauses a moment to catch his breath, pale and weak.  
           His bandaged stump hangs uselessly at his side.

           He feels the greedy looks of the hobos.  A job is opening up.  
           But Galloway gathers himself and walks on.

           EXT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           Galloway steps over the pile of offerings and KNOCKS.  A 
           beat.  Pemberton yanks the door open.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Get your severance from Campbell.  
                        I told him to give you double.
                                 GALLOWAY
                        I need to see your missus.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        She’s not well.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        I’ll wait.

           The presumptuous son-of-a-bitch seems to mean on the porch.  
           Neither man moves for a moment.  Then:

                                 SERENA (O.S.)
                        Send him back.

           The rattles on Galloway’s hat shake as he removes it.  He 
           waits until Pemberton reluctantly steps aside, eyeing the 
           herbs and amulets on his porch.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What is all that?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Mountain medicine.

           He steps past Pemberton and disappears inside.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/LIVING ROOM - DAY

           Pemberton leans against the mantel, smoking and trying to 
           make out the MURMURING behind his closed bedroom door.  The 
           whole thing aggravates him...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BEDROOM - DAY

           Serena is propped up in bed, a bag of peppermints in her lap.

                                 SERENA
                        We need to keep him on the payroll.

           Pemberton is dressing-- oddly for him-- in a suit and tie.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        He’s not much use with one hand.

                                 SERENA
                        Galloway’s mother prophesied a time 
                        when he would lose much but be 
                        saved by a woman.  He’s honor-bound 
                        to protect me and do my bidding the 
                        rest of his life.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        You don’t believe that hocus-pocus.

                                 SERENA
                        It doesn’t matter what I believe.  
                        Galloway believes it.  Anything I 
                        ask, he’ll do.

           Pemberton shrugs.  It’s not worth arguing over.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        You look rather formal today.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’m having lunch with Judge Parker.  
                        He’s getting greedy.
                             (then:)
                        I can stay if you need me.

                                 SERENA
                        I’ll be all right.

           Frustrated, Pemberton unknots the tie and starts over.  Then 
           he notices a hatchet has been placed underneath their bed.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        His mother says it cuts the pain.

           She smiles.  What harm can it do?

           EXT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/CAMP YARD - DAY

           Pemberton kicks his way through the offerings crowding his 
           porch and stalks down to his Packard.

           He drives off with a ROAR and a spray of mud...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BEDROOM - DAWN

           Pemberton’s arms are draped protectively around Serena’s 
           midsection as they sleep...

           Then Serena’s eyes snap open.  She reaches down between her 
           legs and feels something.

           Serena fumbles for the lamp switch-- knocking the peppermints 
           off the table and scattering them across the floor--

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What’s the matter?

           Serena holds up her hand.  It’s covered with blood.
           EXT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAWN

           Pemberton staggers out with Serena in his arms, heading for 
           his Packard.  He’s startled to see:

           Galloway is running toward them.  How did he know?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Get Campbell.  I need him to drive.

           Galloway veers off toward Campbell’s cabin, stub arm flapping 
           at his side...

           INT. PACKARD - MOVING - DAY

           Campbell drives with his foot to the floor.

           Pemberton cradles Serena in the back, a blood-soaked towel 
           between her legs.  She is deathly pale.

           Pemberton lifts her limp wrist to his lips.

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           Serena’s gurney hurtles down a corridor.  Pemberton jogs 
           alongside it, with a gray-haired DOCTOR.

                                 DOCTOR
                        She needs blood.  A lot of it and 
                        fast.  What’s her type?

                                 PEMBERTON
                             (he has no idea)
                        Same as mine.

           The gurney SLAMS THROUGH the doors to the emergency room.

           INT. HOSPITAL/EMERGENCY ROOM - DAY

           Serena and Pemberton are side-by-side on gurneys.  A rubber 
           tube connects their arms.

           The Doctor squeezes an olive-shaped pump in the tube to get 
           the blood flowing.  Then he hands it to a NURSE.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Every 30 seconds.  Any faster and a 
                        vein could collapse.

           He steps around the gurney and an ATTENDANT helps him lift 
           Serena’s legs for a pelvic exam.  The Doctor frowns.
                                 DOCTOR (CONT’D)
                        Get the mayo stand and a lap pack.

           The Attendant rolls over a stand with surgical implements...

           The Nurse watches the clock, waiting for the time to tick 
           off, then looks down in surprise:

           Pemberton is gripping her wrist.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll pump the blood.

           He tightens his grip until the startled Nurse lets go.

           Pemberton squeezes the pump.  Waits only a few seconds.  Then 
           squeezes it again.  He watches the blood sluice through tube 
           from his arm to Serena’s.  Pumping and pumping...

           INT. HOSPITAL/CORRIDOR - DAY

           Chaney watches the surgery through an observation window:

           The Doctor dips both hands into Serena’s abdomen and lifts 
           out a lifeless child.  He looks at it a moment, then sets it 
           on a tray.  Not worth further attention.

           Chaney turns away, his face damp with sweat.

           INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - DAY

           Chaney lumbers past Campbell...

                                 DR. CHANEY
                        I’m getting her some flowers.

           Campbell looks up from his magazine.

           INT. HOSPITAL/MAIN ENTRANCE - DAY

           Chaney approaches the exit.  Then stops.

           THROUGH THE GLASS IN THE DOOR: Galloway is leaning against a 
           car at the curb.  His eyes rise to meet Chaney’s.  Ice cold.

           HOSPITAL STAFF step around Chaney, on their way out.

           As they push through the door, Chaney ducks and slips away-- 
           back down the corridor he came from...

           Galloway puts a plug in his cheek and saunters off.
           INT. HOSPITAL/SERENA’S ROOM - DAY

           Serena lies on the bed, asleep.

           Pemberton shuffles in, unsteady after all the blood he gave, 
           and pulls up a chair beside her.  He takes her hand.  Waits.

           Serena awakens...searching his face for the news...

                                 SERENA
                        The child is dead.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Yes.

                                 SERENA
                        A boy?

           Pemberton nods.  She studies his face.  There’s more.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        What?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        We won’t be able to have another.

           A beat.  Tears begin to stream down Serena’s face.

                                 SERENA
                        You want a son; you need a son.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You’re all that matters to me.

                                 SERENA
                        I shouldn’t have kept working-- my 
                        body knew all the time but I didn’t 
                        listen.  My baby...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Shh.

                                 SERENA
                        You’re going to leave me.

           Pemberton holds her as she sobs...

           INT. ASHEVILLE TRAIN STATION/MEN’S ROOM - DAY

           Chaney is at the urinal, listening to the trains being CALLED 
           in the lobby outside.

           Then the DOOR opens and he spins his head nervously--
           But it’s just a FATHER holding a squirming BOY.

                                 BOY
                        No!  No!  I won’t!

           The Father turns on the tap and scrubs the boy’s hands.

           Chaney buttons up and uses the adjacent sink.  He nods 
           sympathetically at the Father.

           The Father, who seems on the verge of child abuse, finishes 
           his task and carries the boy out-- not bothering with towels.

           Chaney washes up.  In the mirror above him we see a stall 
           door easing open...slowly and silently...

           Galloway glides out, a long hunting knife in his hand.  He 
           crosses to Chaney without making a sound.

           Chaney looks up from the sink-- sees Galloway in the mirror--

           Then Galloway slashes his throat with the knife.  Chaney’s 
           final words are a BLOODY GURGLE...

           INT. HOSPITAL/SERENA’S ROOM - DAY

           Pemberton has crawled in beside Serena as she sleeps.

           Then he realizes Campbell is standing over them.

           INT. ASHEVILLE TRAIN STATION/MEN’S ROOM - DAY

           Chaney is propped up on a toilet in one of the stalls, his 
           palms lying open.  In each hand is a peppermint.

           A POLICEMAN turns to Pemberton and Campbell, as if to ask if 
           they know anything about this.

           Pemberton stares at the carnage.  And shakes his head.

           EXT. CAMP YARD/PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           The Packard rolls slowly past the assembled Workers...

           Pemberton opens the passenger door and reaches in to help 
           Serena.  But her expression makes him withdraw his hand.

           She rises and makes slow steps toward the cabin-- wan and 
           sweating, but determined to show the men her strength.
           The reverent FACES of the men as Serena passes...  They seem 
           to regard her as something bordering on the supernatural.

           The herbal nostrums on the porch have multiplied by several 
           times.  Pemberton has to clear a path with his foot as he 
           leads Serena to the door.

           Serena makes it inside without falling.  Then Galloway posts 
           himself on the porch.  Like a faithful guard dog.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           As soon as they get inside, the air seems to go out of 
           Serena.  She leans heavily on Pemberton as he helps her 
           toward the bedroom...

           Suddenly Serena stops.  Gripping his forearm.  Anguished.

           THROUGH BEDROOM DOOR: the cradle is still there.

                                 SERENA
                        Get rid of it.

           As Pemberton goes in to get the cradle, she leans against the 
           wall, averting her eyes.

           INT. STABLE - DAY

           The CRADLE-- and the shadow of an axe rising on the wall--

           Pemberton brings the axe down with full force.  Again and 
           again.  SMASHING the cradle to bits.  Then he stops:

           Campbell has appeared at the door.

                                 CAMPBELL
                        Excuse me.  The invoices piled up 
                        while you were in Asheville.

           A beat.  Pemberton drops the axe.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Pemberton dials the combination of the safe...

           Behind him, the door to the back room is slightly ajar.  With 
           a mirror hanging on it that wasn’t there before...
           EXT. CAMP OFFICE

           Campbell stands on the porch, his back to the window, peering 
           intently at his palm:

           A SCRAP OF MIRROR in his hand reflects Pemberton at the safe.  
           Dialing the combination...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - NIGHT

           Campbell scans the camp furtively, the only soul stirring on 
           a moonless night...

           He slips into his Dodge, taking pains not to slam the door, 
           and releases the brake.  The car rolls toward the gate.

           As the car gains speed, Campbell pops the clutch and the 
           engine putters softly.  But the gears GRIND as he shifts.

           ANGLE: The one-armed guard dog curled up on the Pembertons’
           porch raises his head at the sound.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           Serena is enthroned in a cane back chair atop an enormous map 
           of Brazil.  Lost in the contours of the Mato Grosso...

                                 SERENA
                        Galloway can find him.

           Telegrams litter the floor.  A stack of books and National 
           Geographic magazines teeters beside Pemberton.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You mean kill him.

                                 SERENA
                        Do you have a better idea?

           Pemberton is silent.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Campbell’s made us vulnerable.  
                        Same as Buchanan.  It’s like an 
                        infection, Pemberton.  If you don’t 
                        cauterize it, it spreads.

           A beat.  Pemberton nods.
                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        There will be no one like Campbell 
                        in Brazil.  Just the two of us.  
                        Isn’t that what we want?

                                 PEMBERTON
                             (a beat)
                        Yes.  You’re right.

                                 SERENA
                        Whether it’s right wasn’t my 
                        question.  Is it what we want?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Yes.

           A beat.  Then, as if a fresh perspective might clear her 
           mind, Serena rises, moves her chair a bit, and looks anew.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        I’ll tell Galloway.

                                 SERENA
                        He left this morning.

           Pemberton looks startled.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        I didn’t want to wake you.

           Pemberton eyes the dark intensity with which she devours the 
           map.  Something about it seems to make him uneasy.

           INT. TRAIN STATION/RALEIGH - DAY

           Galloway steps off a train.  The rattles on his hat shake 
           gently as he weaves through a crowded platform...

           EXT. FOREST/STREAM - DAY

           Pemberton squats at the bank of a glittering stream.  He 
           consults a map and compass-- twice-- then peers at the 
           thicket across the water...

           INT. HOTEL LOBBY/RALEIGH - DAY

           Galloway pushes through a revolving door.

           A BELLHOP is loading bags on a luggage cart.  He pauses when 
           a silver COIN bounces at his feet...
           EXT. MUDDY POOL/THICKET - DAY

           There are fresh TRACKS of a cat in the mud where Galloway and 
           Pemberton found them before.

           Pemberton follows the tracks around the pool...and up to the 
           rocks where they vanish...

           He puts away the map and compass and scrabbles up the rocks 
           for a better view.  Then a DISTANT CRY freezes him.  Like the 
           mewling of an infant-- but cut off abruptly.

           The CRY repeats.  Pemberton takes the rifle off his shoulder.

           INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY

           ANGLE DOWN an empty corridor.  The thick carpet mutes every 
           sound but one: a soft RATTLING, like the warning of a distant 
           timber snake...coming closer and closer...

           EXT. DENSE FOREST - DAY

           Pemberton runs through the trees, panting and sweating, 
           clutching his rifle with white knuckles...

           A DARK SHAPE moves in the distance before him.  Flitting from 
           tree to tree.  Too far away to make out clearly.  It might be 
           the panther.  Or the shadow of something else...

           INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY

           Galloway KNOCKS on the door to Room 412.  Then his gnarled 
           hand disappears into his tote sack.

           EXT. FOREST/PASTURE - DAY

           Pemberton staggers out of the woods and into an overgrown 
           pasture.  He stops.  Out of breath and unable to continue.

           In the distance is a slouching homestead...a collapsed 
           barn...and an old apple orchard...

           Suddenly Pemberton realizes: He’s been here before.

           INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY

           The door to 412 opens.  Campbell looks at Galloway a split-
           second-- just long enough for recognition to turn to fear--
           Then Galloway swings a hatchet.

           EXT. BARN/ORCHARD - DAY

           The DESICCATED HIDE of a panther hanging on the back wall.

           Out in the orchard, Pemberton is standing where Buchanan 
           fell, looking down as if the body were still lying there...

           INT. HOTEL/ROOM 412 - DAY

           Galloway’s hatchet rises and falls.  Rises and falls.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY

           The Packard is pulled over on the side of the road.  Hood up.

           Pemberton frowns at a broken fan belt...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DUSK

           Pemberton trudges back into camp, calling to a Worker on the 
           commissary porch:

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Where’s Vaughn?

           The Worker points toward the dining hall...

           INT. DINING HALL - DUSK

           PREACHER BOLICK holds forth behind a stack of vegetable 
           crates that holds his immense Bible.  The eternal lake of 
           fire and so on...

           Pemberton shuffles in at the back, scanning the crowded 
           benches...looking for Vaughn...  Then he spots a shock of red 
           hair near the front.

           Pemberton weaves through the crowd and bends to speak to 
           Vaughn-- but Rachel is seated beside him.  An awkward beat. 

           Then Pemberton whispers his instructions to Vaughn, who rises 
           and heads for the door.  Pemberton starts to follow him, but:

           A tiny boy is staring at him.  Little Jacob-- squeezed in 
           beside his mother-- was obscured until Vaughn got up.  But 
           now father and son are only a few feet apart...
           For a moment there is an electricity between them-- almost as 
           if the child recognizes his father.  Pemberton is frozen on 
           the spot, mesmerized by the toddler’s brown eyes.

           The Preacher’s voice trails off.  Rachel and other members of 
           the congregation turn, staring at Pemberton...

           Who sees only his son.  Not until Jacob goes back to his toy 
           does Pemberton realize he’s become the center of attention.

           Embarrassed, he charges back toward the exit, weaving through 
           the silent, staring crowd.  The only sound is a RUSTLING of 
           onionskin as Bolick flips through his Bible...

                                 PREACHER BOLICK
                        From the book of Obadiah.  “The 
                        pride of thine heart hath deceived 
                        thee, thou that dwellest in the 
                        cleft of the rock, whose habitation 
                        is high, that saith in his heart, 
                        who shall bring me down.”

           He closes the Bible with profound delicacy.

                                 PREACHER BOLICK (CONT’D)
                        The word of the Lord.

           The door clatters shut behind Pemberton.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DUSK

           Pemberton stares at the picture of Jacob as an infant.

           Then he opens the bottom drawer of his desk and digs out a 
           dusty old photo album.  He thumbs backwards through the 
           family photographs...

           The pictures are of himself, from college back to infancy, 
           and the effect of his paging back is to see him grow 
           progressively younger, as if time were running in reverse.

           Pemberton stops and stares at a photograph of a boy about two 
           years old.  It is a picture of himself, but it could just as 
           well be the boy in the dining hall.

           Pemberton tucks the photo of Jacob into the family album.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Pemberton comes in and finds the envelope with the Boston 
           return address on the mantel.  Now stained with a bloody 
           fingerprint.  He picks it up.
                                 SERENA (O.S.)
                        Nothing can stop us now.

           ANGLE: Languid in the bathtub, she is watching him through 
           the half-opened door.

           A beat.  Pemberton tosses the bloody envelope into the grate 
           and watches it catch and flare...

           INT. CAMP KITCHEN - DAY

           Rachel washes dishes.  Then a Cook taps her on the shoulder 
           with a droll expression.  She’s wanted...

           EXT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Rachel pauses on the porch to fix her hair and smooth her 
           apron.  Then she knocks and goes in.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Pemberton is writing in a ledger as Rachel comes in.  They 
           are alone.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’m finished with that.

           He nods toward a tray full of dirty dishes.  Rachel looks at 
           him a beat-- is that all?  Then she gets the tray and starts 
           to leave...

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Your boy is looking well.

                                 RACHEL
                        Thank you, sir.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        He gets enough meat, does he?

                                 RACHEL
                        Beg your pardon?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        A boy needs iron in his diet.
                             (a beat)
                        I’ll tell the cook to give you a 
                        packet of beef to take home.

                                 RACHEL
                        I’m much obliged.
           Pemberton says nothing more.  They just look at each other.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        I’m real sorry for what happened to 
                        your missus.

           Pemberton nods.  Then resumes writing.  Rachel leaves.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Rachel crosses back to the kitchen with Pemberton’s tray.

           ANGLE: In the lumber yard, Galloway looks up from his 
           conversation with a Foreman.  He watches Rachel...then looks 
           back at the office she just left...

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT

           The Packard races around a pickup truck at high speed...

           INT. PACKARD - MOVING - NIGHT

           Pemberton drinks from a flask as he drives-- distracted and 
           out of sorts.  He is wearing a tuxedo.

           Serena, also in evening wear, watches him a moment.

                                 SERENA
                        Penny for your thoughts.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        We’re wasting our time.  These 
                        local idiots aren’t going to invest 
                        in Brazilian mahogany.

                                 SERENA
                        They’ll invest in the moon if we 
                        present ourselves properly.

           A beat.  Pemberton takes another drink.

           EXT. BILTMORE - NIGHT

           The mansion is a cliff of lights.  Towers and spires surge up 
           in silhouette.  Gargoyles leer from the parapets.

           An ATTENDANT in black tails takes Pemberton’s keys and gets 
           in the Packard.  Serena squeezes Pemberton’s arm reassuringly 
           and they walk up the path to the massive chateau...
           INT. BILTMORE/DRAWING ROOM - NIGHT

           Champagne flutes pass by on silver trays.  Elegant dinner 
           party Guests are chatting over cocktails, surrounded by 
           fabulous paintings and antiques.  The sort of wealth that 
           makes the Pembertons look like strivers...

           Pemberton and Serena are with two potential investors: 
           CALHOUN, a rascally Southern gent; and LOWENSTEIN, younger, a 
           recent emigre from New York.

                                 CALHOUN
                        The woman who tames eagles.  Your 
                        reputation precedes you.

                                 SERENA
                        As a business partner, too, I hope.

           Calhoun raises his glass.

                                 CALHOUN
                        To fortunes made in these 
                        mountains.

                                 SERENA
                        Why limit ourselves?  When there’s 
                        so much to be gained elsewhere.

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        And where is that, Mrs. Pemberton?

                                 SERENA
                        The Mato Grosso in Brazil.  Best 
                        mahogany forests in the world.

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        Brazil?  You can’t be--

                                 SERENA
                        Eight dollars on each dollar 
                        invested there-- as opposed to two 
                        to one on your money here.  And no 
                        park commission to contend with.

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        Eight to one, Mrs. Pemberton?  I 
                        find that hard to believe.

                                 SERENA
                        I have the documents to prove it.  
                        Land prices, cost of machinery, 
                        labor.  I can bring them to you.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        My dear, you’ve barely allowed 
                        these gentlemen to sip their 
                        drinks.

                                 CALHOUN
                        I’d listen to such a proposal any 
                        time of the day or night, just for 
                        the pleasure of your company.

                                 SERENA
                        What about you, Mr. Lowenstein?

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        I don’t see myself investing in 
                        Brazil under any circumstances.

                                 CALHOUN
                        Hear her out, old boy.  I’m told 
                        she knows more about timber than 
                        any man in the state.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        There’s no doubt about that.

           He puts his empty glass on a passing tray and takes another.

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        What about your camp here?  I 
                        understand the government is moving 
                        against you.

                                 SERENA
                        By the time the government takes 
                        our land, Mr. Lowenstein, there 
                        won’t be a tree standing.

           Lowenstein nods, impressed...

           EXT. CAMP YARD/PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Pemberton and Serena walk back from the Packard...

           Pemberton stumbles drunkenly on the porch steps, but Serena 
           catches his arm before he falls.

                                 SERENA
                        Careful, Pemberton.  I don’t want 
                        to lose you.

           Then Galloway steps out of the shadows on the porch and opens 
           the door for them.  Pemberton gives him a dirty look...
           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Serena’s green silk dress lies across a chair.

           Pemberton watches her changing into boots and jodphurs.  Is 
           she really headed out again?

                                 SERENA
                        I need to drop off those documents 
                        for Lowenstein.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        At this hour?

                                 SERENA
                        I don’t want to give him a chance 
                        to change his mind.  Galloway can 
                        drive me.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No.  I don’t mind.

           He starts to button his shirt but Serena seizes his hands.

                                 SERENA
                        You need to rest, Pemberton.

           She kisses him tenderly...

           EXT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN/CAMP YARD - NIGHT

           Serena and Galloway cross the camp yard together and go into 
           the camp office.

           Galloway’s car pulls up in front of the office and Joel 
           Vaughn gets out, leaving it running as he waits for them...

           Serena and Galloway emerge from the office and walk down to 
           the car.  As she passes under the porch light, something in 
           her hand gives off a silvery wink.

           Galloway closes the door for her.  Then he waits as Vaughn 
           writes something on a pad-- directions, it seems.

           Galloway’s car drives off.

           Vaughn waits until the headlights have disappeared over the 
           ridge, then he turns and hobbles into the office.

           ANGLE: Pemberton is standing in the window of his cabin, 
           watching the whole thing.  Curious and unsettled...
           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Whiskey fills a highball glass.  No ice.

           Pemberton gulps it down.  Then he pours another...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - NIGHT

           Vaughn clicks the telephone cradle a few times and waits for 
           the operator to come on the line...

                                 VAUGHN
                        Miss Eula, this is Joel Vaughn.  
                        Ring up the sheriff for me.
                             (a beat)
                        Yes, ma’am, I know what time it is.

           INT. WAYNESVILLE TELEPHONE EXCHANGE - NIGHT

           MISS EULA, in a robe and slippers, plugs the line into the 
           switchboard and opens her call log to make a record...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           The clock on the mantel CHIMES.  One.  Two.  Somewhere far 
           away a dog is BARKING.

           Collapsed in a chair, Pemberton stares glassily through the 
           window, another highball of whiskey in his hand.  

           THROUGH WINDOW: Spasms of heat lightning in the sky...

           INT. BACK BAY TOWNHOUSE/BOSTON - NIGHT

           MRS. LOWELL leads Pemberton through a cocktail party...

                                 MRS. LOWELL
                        There’s a woman who wishes to be 
                        introduced to you.  But I warn you, 
                        George, she’s already frightened 
                        off every other bachelor in Boston.

           She opens the French doors to the solarium...

           And Serena, standing apart from the other LADIES in the room, 
           turns to face them.  A vision in a green silk gown.

           Mrs. Lowell measures the expression on Pemberton’s face.
                                 MRS. LOWELL (CONT’D)
                        Let us go meet her, shall we?  Just 
                        remember you were warned.

           She opens the French doors...

           EXT. STREET/SERENA’S FLAT IN BOSTON - NIGHT

           Light snow falling.  Pemberton walks Serena home...

           Serena mounts the icy steps and unlocks the door.

           She does not say a word.  She simply walks inside, and leaves 
           the door open for Pemberton to follow.

           Pemberton hesitates on the stoop.  Not sure he’s been invited 
           in.  He brushes snow off his shoulders, stalling.

           Serena turns, fixing her eyes on him.  They contain the utter 
           certainty that he will follow her.  She takes off her coat.

           At last Pemberton steps inside.

           Serena lays her coat on a chaise.  She pulls down one strap 
           of her gown.  Then the other.

           The green silk shimmers as it collapses to the floor.

           Pemberton shuts the door behind him.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT (RESUME)

           The clock CHIMES four.

           Outside it’s raining.  No sign of Serena.

           Pemberton’s chin slowly settles to his chest...

           The highball slips from his loosened grip and SHATTERS.

           EXT. WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           BOOTS step out of the Model-T.

           Sheriff McDowell shuts the door and regards the cabin warily.  
           He unsnaps the cover of his holster.

           INT. WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           McDowell squints at a vague SHAPE in the gloom.
           He slides open the curtains of the front window and a beam of 
           sunlight finds Widow Jenkins sprawled on her back, her eyes 
           fixed, a savage gash across her throat.

           BLOODY FOOTPRINTS lead away from the corpse.  Two sets.  One 
           is larger, bulky-- from a man.  But the other footprints are 
           dainty enough to be a lady’s...

           EXT. WIDOW JENKINS’ CABIN - DAY

           McDowell strides back to the Model-T, his eyes blazing...

           He yanks open the door, revealing a terrified Rachel inside-- 
           clutching little Jacob to her breast.

                                 RACHEL
                        Is the widow all right?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        No.  We’re going to have to find a 
                        place for you and the young one.

           Rachel’s face is blank, uncomprehending...

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - DAY

           A POUNDING on the door.  Pemberton, still slumped in the 
           chair where he passed out, stirs himself...

           CRUNCHING through broken glass as he goes to open the door.  
           McDowell scowls at him.  A beat.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        There was a murder up on Colt Ridge 
                        last night.

           He absorbs Pemberton’s surprise...  The only sound is the 
           clock TICKING.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        Old widow woman named Jenkins, 
                        never hurt a soul.  Somebody 
                        slashed her throat.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Why are you telling me?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        I’d like to speak to your wife, if 
                        you don’t mind.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        She’s out with the cutting crews.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        How far?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        She could be anywhere from here to 
                        the Tennessee line.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Convenient.  Does she happen to be 
                        wearing a narrow-toed riding boot?  
                        Size six, judging by the prints.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        My wife had nothing to do with some 
                        old woman’s murder.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        She’s the one been looking after 
                        Rachel Harmon’s boy.  I figure your 
                        wife and that one-armed mongrel of 
                        hers thought they could make her 
                        tell where the child was.

           A beat.  Pemberton clears his throat.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Was the child harmed?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Ask your wife.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I don’t need to.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Maybe I can’t do anything about the 
                        others, but I vow I’ll do something 
                        about the murder of an old woman.  
                        And I’ll not let a mother and her 
                        child be killed.  Even if it is 
                        your child.
                             (a beat)
                        I’ll be back.  And next time I’ll 
                        bring a warrant.

           He walks back toward his car...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           McDowell’s Model-T putters off.
           Pemberton emerges from his cabin and hurries toward the 
           office, tucking in his shirt tail as he goes...

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           The door flies open and MEEKS (Campbell’s replacement) looks 
           up from his adding machine.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Get out.

           Meeks shuffles out, perplexed.  Pemberton locks the door.

           He crosses to his gun case and opens it, picking up the 
           hunting knife that hangs beside the rifles-- the knife he 
           used to kill Harmon...

           Pemberton turns the knife over in his hands.  Nothing seems 
           amiss.  He slides the blade out of the sheath.  It’s clean.

           Then Pemberton’s eyes track back to his desk-- the bottom 
           drawer is ajar...as if someone’s been rummaging in it...

           He yanks the family album out of the drawer and flips back 
           through it until he finds the photograph of Jacob:

           The little boy’s face has been SCRATCHED OUT.

           EXT. FOOT BRIDGE - DAY

           Vaughn’s CAP is hanging on the rail post with a note pinned 
           to it.  A gnarled hand snatches up the cap.

           Galloway looks at it a beat, then gives it to the OLD 
           FISHERMAN who apparently brought him here.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Tell me what it says.

                                 OLD FISHERMAN
                             (reading)
                        Dear Mama, pray God will forgive me 
                        for taking my own life...

           Galloway peers at the rapids under the bridge.  And spits.

           EXT. CUTTING SLOPE - DAY

           Serena sits on her horse, squinting thoughtfully into the 
           distance as Galloway reports to her:
                                 GALLOWAY
                        Vaughn must’ve telephoned the high 
                        sheriff after we left.

                                 SERENA
                        I want the child.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        He’ll be hid good now.  That 
                        sheriff ever was a clever one.

           Serena turns her gaze on him.  So cold it could freeze water.

                                 SERENA
                        Let me know if I need to find 
                        someone else.

           She rides off.

           INT. WAYNESVILLE JAIL - DAY

           An unbalanced ceiling fan RATTLES, stirring the dust.

           McDowell stares at a fat envelope of cash laying on his desk.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Make sure they get somewhere safe.  
                        I don’t want to know where.
                             (a beat)
                        You know I had nothing to do with 
                        what happened on Colt Ridge.

           McDowell finally puts the envelope in his pocket.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        This doesn’t change anything 
                        between us.  You’ll hang if I have 
                        any say about it.  The both of you.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You’ll be replaced tomorrow.  I 
                        just telephoned Senator McComb.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        You think you can get away with 
                        anything, don’t you?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        As a matter of fact, I have a keen 
                        sense of my limitations.

           He turns to leave.
                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Just make sure the boy is safe.

           Then the door opens and a GRAY-HAIRED WOMAN holding a carpet 
           bag comes in with Rachel and little Jacob.  Everyone freezes.

           Pemberton stares at his son.  Jacob stares back.  For a 
           moment there is no sound but the TICK-TICK-TICK of the brass 
           chain against the ceiling fan’s motor.

           Then McDowell opens a drawer and removes a revolver.  He 
           raises it slowly, aiming at Pemberton.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Get out of here.

           Pemberton starts to speak but McDowell cocks the hammer.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        If you say one word, one single 
                        word, I swear to God I’ll kill you.

           Pemberton does not doubt him.  He walks toward the door.

           Rachel clutches Jacob close as he passes, as if Pemberton 
           might try to snatch him.  But Pemberton just walks on, out 
           into the sunlit street...

           INT. PACKARD - DAY

           THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD: Rachel and Jacob settle themselves in 
           McDowell’s Model-T.

           McDowell starts the car and drives away, up toward the 
           unspoiled mountains in the distance...

           Pemberton exhales a cloud of cigarette smoke.  He does not 
           try to follow them.  But neither does he move.

           He watches, eyes heavy with sadness, as the car carrying his 
           son dwindles to a speck and is swallowed by the horizon...

           INT. MODEL-T - MOVING - DAY

           Jacob whines and fusses in his mother’s lap.  McDowell is not 
           a man used to having children around...

                                 MCDOWELL
                        If he’s hungry I can stop and give 
                        you privacy.
                                 RACHEL
                        Ain’t that.  He’s just put out 
                        ‘cause I forgot to bring him any 
                        play-pretties.

           McDowell nods, wincing at the mewling...

           EXT. KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - DAY

           McDowell steps onto the porch.  KNOCKS.

           There’s a SHUFFLING within and Kephart comes to the door.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        I need a favor.

           Kephart bows to Rachel with a tipsy grandiosity.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE/BACK ROOM - NIGHT

           Serena’s cutlery CLINKS against her plate, accentuating the 
           emptiness of the room.  Pemberton’s food is barely touched.

                                 SERENA
                        A rather dainty appetite tonight.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Where’s Galloway?

                                 SERENA
                        I sent him on a job.

           She stabs a little potato with her fork.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The sheriff said that Harmon girl 
                        hightailed it out of town.

                                 SERENA
                             (smiling)
                        “Hightailed it.”  You sound like 
                        one of them.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Far away, I got the impression.

           He refills his wine glass.  Emptying the bottle.

                                 SERENA
                        You didn’t used to drink so much.

           Pemberton looks up and finds genuine concern in her face.
           A beat.  He reaches for the glass, but Serena’s arm shoots 
           out and grabs his wrist-- so violently that the wine sloshes 
           on the table.  She doesn’t let go.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        We’ve both killed now.  What you 
                        felt at the depot-- with Buchanan-- 
                        I’ve felt it too.  We’re closer, 
                        Pemberton, closer than we’ve ever 
                        been before.

           Her eyes are tender, filled with love.  Pemberton looks at a 
           long moment, as if seeing her anew.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Let the child go.

           Serena’s expression turns abruptly cold.  She releases 
           Pemberton’s wrist and sits back, picking up her knife and 
           fork.  Calm, but with a tremor that betrays her rage...

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        He’s no threat to you.

                                 SERENA
                        You’ve gone soft.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I’ll never see him again.  You have 
                        my word.

           Serena falls eerily still a moment.  At the edge...

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        For God’s sake, he’s just a baby.

           Suddenly Serena EXPLODES out of her chair, shoving dishes and 
           glassware onto the floor-- flipping the table over--

           She stalks toward Pemberton, gripping her steak knife.

           For a moment they are face-to-face, her eyes are filled with 
           a murderous fury.  But Pemberton does not back down.  It’s as 
           if he doesn’t care whether she stabs him or not...

           Then Serena grabs his hand and presses the knife into it.

                                 SERENA
                        Here, Pemberton.  Take it.

           She closes his fingers around the grip and raises his hand so 
           the knife is poised at her throat.  Defenseless...
                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        If you love your bastard child so 
                        much.  Do it.  Because that’s the 
                        only way you’ll stop me.

           She dares him with her eyes...  But Pemberton cannot kill 
           her.  Serena smiles.  She knew it all along.

           Pemberton throws down the knife and stalks out.

           INT. KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           McDowell sets provisions on the table: diapers, a bottle of 
           milk, a greasy bag of hamburgers, and a CLICKING cigar box.

           He smiles at Rachel.  Pleased with his cleverness.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Play-pretties for if he gets fussy.

           Rachel lifts the lid.  The box is full of marbles.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        There’s cat eyes and solids and 
                        swirls.  Steel shooters, too.

           Kephart shakes his head and smiles.

                                 MCDOWELL (CONT’D)
                        What?

                                 KEPHART
                        They’re usually not shooting 
                        marbles till they’re a tad older.

           McDowell’s face colors.

                                 RACHEL
                        Look here, Jacob.

           She holds the box so the marbles roll and CLACK.  Jacob 
           reaches in, grabs a fistful, and drops them back in.

           Then, of course, he tries to put one in his mouth.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        No, Jacob.  No.

                                 KEPHART
                        Here.

           He grabs a wool sock from a clothesline by the stove.
                                 KEPHART (CONT’D)
                        There’s but one thing for a boy to 
                        keep his marbles in.

           He holds the sock open, a twinkle in his eye, and waits for 
           McDowell to pour the marbles into it.

           EXT. DIRT ROAD/FOREST - NIGHT

           A car PURRS into the cover of the trees.  Its lights go off.

           A man moves through the shadows-- hard to make out at first, 
           then his figure is silhouetted by the full moon:

           He has only one arm.

           EXT. FOREST/KEPHART’S LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           Galloway crouches at the edge of the trees.  A dagger swings 
           from the lanyard around his neck.

           There’s a light on in Kephart’s cabin, but the curtains are 
           drawn.  Smoke is rising from the chimney.

           Crouching low, Galloway dodges from shadow to shadow, the 
           only sound the faint RATTLING of his hat...

           KEPHART’S PORCH.  A breeze luffs the curtain and we glimpse 
           the typewriter and a jar of moonshine.

           Then Galloway looms up beside the window-- dagger in hand.  
           Slowly, silently, he bends to peer inside...

           There’s a CLICK behind him.

           And Kephart steps into the moonlight, holding a shotgun.

                                 KEPHART
                        You’re too late.

           Galloway turns around slowly.

                                 KEPHART (CONT’D)
                        Get off my land.

           He raises the shotgun to his shoulder.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT

           McDowell’s Model-T races through the night.
           INT. MODEL-T - MOVING - NIGHT

           Rachel bounces along in the passenger seat, holding Jacob as 
           he sleeps-- tiny hands clutching the knotted sock of marbles.

           McDowell glances over, nods.  Glad to see the boy quiet.

                                 RACHEL
                        How’d you know they was coming for 
                        us last night?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Joel Vaughn telephoned me.

                                 RACHEL
                             (a beat)
                        They’ll kill him for that.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        They’ll try.

                                 RACHEL
                        You know where he is?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        Don’t want to.  I put him on a 
                        freight and told him to get as far 
                        from these mountains as he can.

           A beat.  Then Rachel smiles to herself.  She knows.

           THROUGH THE WINDOW: the Model-T races past a road sign that 
           reads, “Kingsport, Tennessee, Elevation 1,208.”

           EXT. MRS. SLOAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT

           Carrying the carpet bag, McDowell leads Rachel up to the 
           house.  The only one in town with any lights on.

           INT. MRS. SLOAN’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           MRS. SLOAN pours iced tea for McDowell, who’s sitting at the 
           table with Rachel and more food than six adults could eat.

           Jacob wakes up-- squirming and FUSSING.

                                 RACHEL
                        Probably needs changing.

           She starts to get up, but Mrs. Sloan swoops in.
                                 MRS. SLOAN
                        I can do it.

           She tickles Jacob as she carries him out.  He giggles.

           Rachel starts to speak but a train HOOTS as it passes, very 
           close.  Rattling the dishes.

                                 RACHEL
                        How long till we can go back?

                                 MCDOWELL
                             (a beat)
                        I’m going to see a man in Raleigh 
                        tomorrow.  If you don’t hear from 
                        me by Friday, take this and get as 
                        far away as you can.

           He puts the envelope with Pemberton’s money on the table.

                                 RACHEL
                        Don’t seem right taking your money.

                                 MCDOWELL
                        It’s not my money.

           He looks at her meaningfully.  Then gets up.

                                 RACHEL
                        There’s been Harmons on Colt Ridge 
                        over 200 years.

           McDowell puts his hat on.  Nods to her.  He knows.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Pemberton leans against the huge map of Brazil, watching 
           Serena through the open bedroom door.  Stewing.

           Dressed for bed, Serena bends at the window so she can peer 
           at the moon-- her legs and hips poised like a cat about to 
           strike.  She speaks casually, as if the fight never happened:

                                 SERENA
                        Our investors are ready to sign.  I 
                        think we should invite them for 
                        your birthday.  Make a party of it.

           Silence.  She turns to him, letting his gaze ride her curves.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Come to bed, Pemberton.
           Her eyes dare him tauntingly...just as they did when she held 
           the knife at her throat...

           Suddenly Pemberton charges her, grabbing her by the hair and 
           hurling her onto the bed.

           He tears open her peignoir, then grasps her by the throat as 
           he yanks open his belt.

           Still her eyes dare him...without fear...

           Pemberton falls upon Serena, taking her with a violent 
           intensity, each thrust a clenched fist.  Her head smacks 
           against the wall...the night stand topples...

           But Serena doesn’t seem to mind at all.

           INT. WAYNESVILLE JAIL - NIGHT

           Galloway rifles the drawers of McDowell’s desk...slamming 
           each one in turn as he finds nothing of use...

           EXT. DOWNTOWN WAYNESVILLE - NIGHT

           Galloway stands in front of the courthouse, the rattles on 
           his hat shaking as he scans the silent street.

           Then his eyes settle on the Waynesville Telephone Exchange.

           INT. WAYNESVILLE TELEPHONE EXCHANGE - DAY

           Miss Eula twists the tie of her robe nervously as she watches 
           Galloway poring over a log book...

                                 MISS EULA
                        That’s confidential, you know.

           THE BOOK: under the heading “Long Distance Log,” Galloway’s 
           bony finger scans the list of times and cities called.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Which one did the sheriff call?

           Miss Eula hesitates, then points at “Kingsport, Tennessee.”

           EXT. RURAL HIGHWAY - DAWN

           Galloway’s car races through the early light...
           EXT. DOWNTOWN WAYNESVILLE - DAY

           McDowell gets out of his dusty Model-T. Dog-tired.

           INT. MCDOWELL’S APARTMENT - DAY

           McDowell shuffles in and finds...

           Pemberton sitting at his table with a bottle of whiskey.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Hope you don’t mind.  I helped 
                        myself.

           A beat.  McDowell turns away to hang up his jacket.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Are they safe?

                                 MCDOWELL
                        I thought you didn’t want to know 
                        where they are.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I don’t.  But Galloway hasn’t been 
                        in camp since yesterday morning.

           A chill goes down McDowell’s spine...

           INT. MRS. SLOAN’S HOUSE - DAY

           Mrs. Sloan presses the phone to her ear as she looks around 
           the kitchen with a stricken expression.

           Cut pieces of rhubarb on the counter.  A pie shell waiting to 
           be filled.  And an empty sugar canister.

                                 MRS. SLOAN
                             (into phone)
                        She’s gone into town.

           She looks down at Jacob, clinging to her leg...

           INT. PACKARD - MOVING

           McDowell’s empty whiskey bottle bounces on the seat as 
           Pemberton drives back toward camp...

           Then he squints at something through his windshield:

           A caravan is approaching, headed the opposite direction.
           EXT. THE ROAD

           Three horse-drawn prairie schooners lead the procession:

           HAMBY’S CARNIVAL DIRECT FROM PARIS.

           SEEN BY EUROPES ROYALTY.

           ADULTS A DIME.  CHILDREN A NICKEL.

           A tethered menagerie trudges behind the covered wagons.  
           Slump-backed Shetland ponies.  Ostriches.  Zebras.  Each 
           animal is identified by a wooden placard around its neck.

           Bringing up the rear is a flatbed wagon with a TARP-SHROUDED 
           CAGE on top.  The tarp describes the animal underneath as:

           THE WORLD’S DEADLIEST CREATURE.

           Suddenly the Packard brakes hard and spins around...

           EXT. ROAD - LATER

           The caravan is pulled over on the shoulder.

           Pemberton peers at the wagon containing THE WORLD’S DEADLIEST 
           CREATURE, but the beast remains hidden by its shroud.

           A CARNY carries a chicken, SQUAWKING and flapping, up to the 
           cage.  With great trepidation, he lifts the edge of the tarp 
           and shoves the chicken inside.

           The unseen beast lunges-- SHAKING THE WHOLE WAGON.  A flurry 
           of feathers rises through the top of the cage.

           Pemberton smiles darkly.

           Then HAMBY waddles over to him in seedy tails and a top hat.

                                 HAMBY
                        Pleased to make your acquaintance, 
                        sir.  My name is Hamby and I am the 
                        proprietor of this attraction.

           He bows.

                                 HAMBY (CONT’D)
                        Perhaps you know of a creature 
                        worthy to test my champion.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Show it to me.
           Hamby claps his hands and the Carny unties one end of the 
           tarp-- carefully-- and lets it fall:

           A huge KOMODO DRAGON paces in a fouled cage.  At least five 
           feet long and grumpy with confinement...

                                 HAMBY
                        My dragon has fought a jaguar in 
                        Texas, an alligator in Louisiana, 
                        an Orangutan in London, numerous 
                        breeds of canine and several men 
                        now deceased.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        And never lost.

                                 HAMBY
                        Never, my good man, never.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Will he fight anything?

                                 HAMBY
                        Anything that can walk, swim or 
                        fly.  Mano a mano, to the death.

           A beat.  Pemberton nods.  He might know of an opponent...

           EXT. DOWNTOWN KINGSPORT - DAY

           Rachel comes out of the General Store with a bag of sugar.  
           She’s about to cross the street, but--

           Lounging against the door to the post office is a man she 
           knows, a man with an absence where his left hand should be.

           Galloway chews on a matchstick, looking the other direction.

           Rachel backpedals and slips between two buildings...

           INT. KINGSPORT DEPOT - DAY

           Rachel counts out $19.75 on the TICKET MASTER’s counter.

                                 RACHEL
                        How far will this get me and a 
                        young one?  I need the next train.

                                 TICKET MASTER
                        Where you headed?
                                 RACHEL
                        Don’t matter.  Seattle, Washington.

           The Ticket Master regards her with curiosity.

                                 TICKET MASTER
                        Twenty dollars would get you as far 
                        as St. Louis.  Leaves here at 8:14.

                                 RACHEL
                        When we get on the train can I get 
                        tickets for the rest of the way?

           The man nods.  Rachel pushes the money over the counter and 
           the Ticket Master gives her the two tickets and 50 cents 
           change.  But Rachel pushes the quarters back to him.

                                 RACHEL (CONT’D)
                        If a man with one hand comes by, 
                        you ain’t seen me.

           The Ticket Master smirks at her little offering.

                                 TICKET MASTER
                        You must be in some serious 
                        trouble.  And folks with trouble is 
                        like folks who got head lice or the 
                        shits. Stand too close and pretty 
                        soon you got it yourself.

           Rachel meets his gaze until his smirk evaporates.

                                 RACHEL
                        You’ll help me or you won’t.  You 
                        can refuse to take my money or take 
                        it and tell where we went anyhow.  
                        But know one thing.  If that man 
                        finds me, he’ll rake a knife blade 
                        across my baby’s throat and bleed 
                        him out like a shoat in a hog pen.  
                        That blood will be on your hands.

                                 TICKET MASTER
                             (a beat)
                        I won’t tell nobody.

           He pushes the quarters back to Rachel.

           INT. MRS. SLOAN’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           Rachel rushes in, pale and breathless.
           But Mrs. Sloan already knows what she’s going to say.  She 
           just holds out the telephone to Rachel...

           EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS/BOXCAR - DAY

           Rachel carries Jacob and the carpetbag toward the tracks 
           outside Mrs. Sloan’s house...up to a boxcar on a siding...

           She puts Jacob into the car and clambers in behind, settling 
           in the shadows where she can keep a watch.

           THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR ON ONE SIDE: Mrs. Sloan is leaving her 
           house with a suitcase, walking at a brisk clip.

           THROUGH THE OTHER OPEN DOOR: A solitary Passenger sits on the 
           bench at the depot, waiting for the train.

           Jacob starts to fuss.

                                 RACHEL
                        Hush now.  You’re all right.

           She holds Jacob in her lap and gives him the sock of marbles 
           to play with.  Cooing in his ear till he quiets...

           EXT. CAMP YARD - NIGHT

           A big canvas tent has been erected, glowing in the night.

           INT. CARNIVAL TENT - NIGHT

           A waist-high steel-mesh fence forms a ring at the center.  
           Several CARNIES are shaking the joints of the fence, 
           demonstrating its strength to the audience.

           The flatbed wagon holding the dragon backs up so its door 
           fills the only opening in the circular fence.

           Hamby emerges from behind a curtain and sets down a small 
           table in front of the ring.

                                 HAMBY
                        Bring your billfolds, gentlemen, I 
                        welcome all wagers.

           There is a surge toward him, fists clutching dollars--

           It’s enough enthusiasm to give Hamby pause.
           INT. CAMP OFFICE - NIGHT

           Pemberton has work spread out on his desk but he’s not doing 
           it.  His attention is on the telephone that isn’t ringing...

           The door opens and Serena steps in.  The hooded eagle is 
           perched on forearm.  She’s ready.

           INT. CARNIVAL TENT - NIGHT

           A muscular CARNY crawls over the top of the dragon’s cage and 
           raises the door.

           The Komodo dragon swaggers forth into the pit.

           Hamby smiles at the GASPS of the crowd, taking more bets.  
           Then a sudden CHEERING startles him from his labors:

           Serena-- who has entered the tent with Pemberton-- raises her 
           free hand for silence.  Her men quiet.

           She moves the eagle from her arm to her fist and whispers 
           something in its ear.  Then she nods to Pemberton, who shoves 
           hard against the cage, creating a little gap.

           Serena steps into the ring with her eagle.

           Hamby runs toward Pemberton.

                                 HAMBY
                        Get her out of there!

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Be my guest.

           Serena whispers a last instruction to the eagle and removes 
           its hood.  The eagle’s eyes instantly find its adversary.

           The gladiators stare at each other across the ring, summoning 
           something from an older world...

           Then Serena thrusts her hand up and the eagle takes flight.

           It flaps directly over the dragon, which lunges upward with 
           surprising dexterity--

           SNAPPING ITS RAZOR JAWS just inches from the bird.  

           The eagle alights on the top of the fence.  Serene.

           The combatants measure each other again.  Then the dragon 
           darts toward the eagle, passing just beneath it, SNAPPING as 
           it goes by but unable to reach high enough...
           The eagle seems to yawn at this sortie.

           The dragon circles around, eyeing the bird, then tries the 
           same maneuver again, this time going faster, building more 
           momentum to jump and reach the eagle...

           But just as the dragon LEAPS, the eagle POUNCES, grasping the 
           reptile’s face with its claws--

           PIERCING THE DRAGON’S EYES.

           The dragon thrashes blindly, this way and that.

           The eagle flutters back to Serena, who hasn’t left the ring.

           The dragon LUNGES against the fence, making it shudder.

           CRIES go up in the crowd-- “That ain’t gonna hold it!” and so 
           on-- and a few of the patrons stumble over each other in a 
           mad dash for the exit...

           Pemberton watches sadly as the dragon weakens.  White froth 
           forms at the corners of its mouth; its belly drags the floor.

                                 HAMBY
                        Come on.  Fight, damn you!

           Serena thrusts her arm again and the eagle takes off...

           It swoops down, lands on the dragon’s neck, and PIERCES the 
           base of the reptile’s skull with its hallux talons...

           Then it flies up to roost in the rafters.

           The dragon, mortally wounded, uses what strength it has left 
           to stagger across the ring and collapse near Hamby.

                                 HAMBY (CONT’D)
                        More light!

           A Carny tosses him a torch and Hamby leans into the ring, 
           grieving over his fallen champion.  Then, with theatrical 
           formality, he drops a handkerchief over the dragon’s head.

           A CHEER goes up and Serena turns to Pemberton.  Triumphant.

           INT. BOXCAR - NIGHT

           Jacob has fallen asleep in Rachel’s lap.

           THROUGH OPEN DOOR: A few more Passengers have joined the 
           first man waiting on the platform.  It’s almost time.
           Rachel lifts Jacob gently, trying not to wake him as she puts 
           his head on her shoulder.  The she freezes:

           THROUGH THE OTHER DOOR: A tiny light is moving inside Mrs. 
           Sloan’s house, like a firefly flitting from room to room...

           Then Jacob wakes up FUSSING.

                                 RACHEL
                        Shush.

           She finds a graham cracker for him to chew on.  After he 
           quiets, she looks back at Mrs. Sloan’s house:

           The light has vanished.

           A train WHISTLES, making Rachel start.

           THROUGH OPEN DOOR: The passengers are stirring themselves.  
           Down the track is the headlight of a train.  Rachel’s train.

           Rachel looks toward Mrs. Sloan’s house one more time, peering 
           into the blackness around the house, looking for any light or 
           movement...  But there’s nothing there.

           She gathers up Jacob and the carpetbag and slips out.

           EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS/DEPOT - NIGHT

           Rachel slinks across the tracks to the depot side.

           As she nears the depot, she pauses in the shadow of a giant 
           oak to watch the platform.

           Her train pulls into the station and shudders to a stop.  Two 
           men get off.  The waiting passengers start to board.

           Rachel feels for the tickets in her pocket and heads toward 
           the platform.  Almost immediately she stops.  Staring at...

           A SHADOWY VOID on the depot’s far side.  There is no clear
           sign of Galloway, and yet the space seems...filled.

           Rachel stays rooted to her spot.  Shrouded in darkness.

           Even as the Conductor calls the ALL ABOARD.

           The train pulls out of the depot, its bright lights passing 
           Rachel as it steams away toward St. Louis...

           The caboose passes her last, the FLAGMAN waving his lantern 
           in farewell.  And the tracks fall dark again.
           Rachel peers at the shadowy void by the depot...

           Finally there’s movement...Galloway’s face FLASHES in the 
           spill from the platform lights...then he’s gone again.

           Rachel keeps waiting-- her breathing shallow, her hand 
           pressed over Jacob’s mouth.  Another train WHISTLES.

           A freight CLATTERS slowly along the far tracks, coming the 
           opposite direction the passenger train went.

           It’s not braking.  Just moving slowly through town.

           Rachel waits until its boxcars start to pass her position.  
           Then she dashes toward it, covered by darkness at first, but 
           then she has to move into the moonlight...

           ANGLE: Galloway steps forward on the platform.

           Rachel waits as one closed boxcar after another passes her, 
           glancing back toward the platform:

           But Galloway has vanished.

           At last an open boxcar rolls up.  Rachel puts Jacob and the 
           carpetbag inside and hops in herself.

           The train starts to speed up.

           Rachel pokes her head out of the boxcar, looking back:

           Galloway is now running alongside the train, passing the 
           caboose, making up the distance one boxcar at a time-- all 
           while wagging a finger at her in admonishment...

           Rachel backs into the boxcar and sets Jacob against the wall.  
           Then she moves away, into the darkness...

           GALLOWAY’S FACE appears in the open door of the car.  He 
           trots alongside the train, his hand on the door handle, 
           gathering to pull himself up.

           REVERSE: Jacob bounces his hands on his knees, oblivious.  
           Then Rachel steps forward, half in shadow.

           Galloway grins and pulls himself halfway into the car-- head 
           and belly on the metal floor, legs dangling--

           Suddenly Rachel leaps at him and brings the sock full of 
           marbles down as hard as she can on his leering face.

           Galloway’s eyes go white.  For a moment he is balanced half-
           in and half-out of the car.  Then Rachel presses her heel 
           against his forehead and shoves him off.
           Galloway TUMBLES DOWN INTO A GULLEY.

           Rachel leans out of the boxcar, watching to see if he rises.  
           Jacob is squalling, but she doesn’t go to him.  Not until the 
           caboose passes the spot where Galloway fell.

           Then Rachel runs back to her son and picks him up.

                                 RACHEL
                        Shush.  We’re all right now.  We’re 
                        all right.

           She holds him tight.

           EXT. DIRT ROAD/MOUNTAINTOP - DAY

           Serena’s Arabian SNORTS as she and Pemberton ride up a steep 
           and twisting dirt road.  They don’t speak.

           Serena eyes Pemberton as they round a bend.  Worried about 
           him.  Before she can speak, they’re interrupted by a SHOUT:

           A crooked figure is climbing the dirt road on foot.

           Serena turns her horse around.

                                 SERENA
                        I’ll be right back.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No.  I want to hear.

           Serena cocks her head.  What’s gotten into him?

           MOMENTS LATER Galloway drinks from Pemberton’s canteen.  He 
           has a noticeable gash and swelling on his cheek.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Take a tumble, Galloway?

           Galloway eyes him coolly.

                                 SERENA
                        Well?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Traced that freight to Knoxville, 
                        but they didn’t buy no ticket 
                        there.  And there was no other 
                        freight left before I got there.
                                 SERENA
                        Then they must still be there.  How 
                        far can they get with no money?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        No, ma’am, they ain’t in Knoxville.  
                        I looked everywhere.  Somebody 
                        must’ve helped them.

           Serena ponders a moment.  Then turns to Pemberton with a 
           faint air of suspicion.  He smiles placidly.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        I can ask mama to vision them.

           Serena has little faith in the occult.  But she nods-- to get 
           rid of Galloway if nothing else.

           He hunkers back down the slope...

           Serena and Pemberton ride on, turning out onto the granite 
           outcrop they visited on Serena’s first day here.

           All the acreage that Pemberton pointed out to her that day 
           has been stripped-- a swath of devastation that lies like a 
           hideous scar on the face of the mountains.

                                 SERENA
                        We’ve done well here.

           Pemberton nods absently.  A beat.  Serena hurls her eagle 
           into the air, where it catches the draft and flaps, soaring 
           up into the sky...

                                 PEMBERTON
                        What will she hunt in Brazil?

                                 SERENA
                        The natives call it a fer de lance.  
                        More deadly than a rattlesnake.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        I won’t be going with you.

           Serena looks at him without expression.

                                 SERENA
                        What shall I say to the investors?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Nothing.  I’ll be a silent partner.  
                        Like them.

           Serena turns away, watching her eagle circling.
                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        I’d only hold you back.

                                 SERENA
                        Nothing will hold me back.

           Silence.  Pemberton looks across the devastation, to the 
           distant green of trees uncut, domains beyond his reach.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The only thing I ever really wanted 
                        from this place was that goddamn
                        panther.  And it doesn’t exist.

           He turns his horse, starts to ride away.

                                 SERENA
                        Pemberton.

           There is a slight crack in her voice.  A tiny tremor.

           Pemberton waits.  But she doesn’t-- can’t-- speak further.  
           She turns away...

           Pemberton looks up-- something moving in the sky--

           The eagle is diving for its prey.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT

           A car is coming down the grade way too fast-- weaving-- OUT 
           OF CONTROL--

           INT. THE CAR - MOVING

           Kephart pumps the brake frantically but nothing happens.

           EXT. COUNTRY ROAD

           The car careens off the road and PLOWS INTO A TREE.  Knocking 
           loose a bounty of acorns that pelt the wreck like hail.

           Kephart is slumped over the passenger seat.  Dead.  On the 
           floor is the rattle from a timber snake’s tail...

           INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY

           CLOSE: the covered dishes on a room service cart RATTLE as it 
           rolls along the hall...
           A room door opens.  McDowell in a robe.  He waves the WAITER 
           inside and checks the hall-- all clear.

           The Waiter takes the covers off the plates and hurries out, 
           in too much of hurry to collect a tip.

           McDowell looks down at the dime in his hand.

           Behind him, someone is emerging from the draped area at the 
           bottom of the cart...

           EXT. CAMP - EVENING

           Along a spur line, men are pulling spikes with crowbars and 
           stacking the heavy rails on a flatcar.

           A stairway of crossties, shorn of their rails, climbs the 
           slope, gradually fading into invisibility.

           The two great skidders and their long skeins of steel cable 
           are gone, too.  Dismantled and carted off.

           Grass is starting to poke up between the boards of the 
           railroad platform.  Mother Nature’s advance guard.

           LAUGHTER from the dining hall.  Pemberton’s birthday party 
           shuffles out with drinks in hand, heading for the office...

           Serena trails the group, wearing her green silk dress.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - EVENING

           The party gathers round a cake blazing with candles:

           Lowenstein and Calhoun have brought their WIVES.  And other 
           investors: MR. and MRS. SALVATORE.  MR. and MRS. DE MAN.

           Pemberton blows out the candles to APPLAUSE.

                                 MRS. SALVATORE
                        What an impressive table.  Can this 
                        possibly be a single piece of wood?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        A chestnut.  Cut less than a mile 
                        from here.

                                 SERENA
                        Pemberton Lumber Company will find 
                        even bigger trees in Brazil.
           She smiles at Pemberton.  Then turns to the open door, where 
           Galloway has appeared in his usual silent fashion.

                                 SERENA (CONT’D)
                        Bring her in.
                             (to Pemberton)
                        Entertainment for our guests.

           Galloway guides his Mother in, her wooden shoes CLACKING.  
           There’s a sharp intake of breath from the ladies...

                                 CALHOUN
                        What sort of entertainment?

                                 SERENA
                        Mother Galloway can see the future.

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        Marvelous.  I can fire my broker.

           Laughter.  Except for Serena and the Galloways.

                                 SERENA
                        Who wants to go first?

                                 MRS. LOWENSTEIN
                        Oh, me, please.  Do I need to hold 
                        out my palm?

                                 SERENA
                        Just ask your question.

                                 MRS. LOWENSTEIN
                        Very well.  Will my daughter be 
                        married soon?

           The old woman turns to the direction of her voice and nods.

                                 MRS. LOWENSTEIN (CONT’D)
                        Wonderful.  I was afraid she’d wait 
                        until I was pushing up daisies.

           Mother Galloway stares in her direction a moment longer.

                                 GALLOWAY’S MOTHER
                        All I said was she’d be married.

           An uncomfortable silence falls over the table.  Mother 
           Galloway’s sightless orbs scan for another taker.  Then:

                                 DE MAN
                        Pemberton should be next.  It’s his 
                        birthday.
                                 SERENA
                        Yes, and I have the perfect 
                        question.  Ask her how you’ll die.

           Nervous glances.  Mrs. Salvatore covers her mouth, shocked.

           But Serena holds Pemberton’s gaze.  Smiling.  He refills his 
           glass of whiskey.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        That’s something I’d like to know.  
                        How will I die, Mother Galloway?  A 
                        gunshot?  Perhaps a knife?

                                 CALHOUN
                        A rope’s what you deserve.

           There’s a little nervous laughter that’s cut off when Mrs. 
           Galloway’s head swivels eerily to Pemberton.

                                 GALLOWAY’S MOTHER
                        No gun nor knife.  Nor rope around 
                        your neck.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        My father was done in by his heart.

                                 GALLOWAY’S MOTHER
                        It ain’t to be your heart either.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        So what, pray tell, is the thing 
                        that will kill me?

                                 GALLOWAY’S MOTHER
                             (a beat)
                        They ain’t one thing can kill a man 
                        like you.

           She turns and her son leads her to the door...

           Serena beams proudly.  A beat.  Then Pemberton laughs and 
           raises his glass to her.  

           Everyone realizes it was a joke.  Relieved smiles spread...

                                 LOWENSTEIN
                        She played her role well.  Not a 
                        hint of a smile.

                                 CALHOUN
                        Hear, hear.  A birthday toast.  To 
                        the man who has everything.
                                 SERENA
                        I disagree.  There’s one thing my 
                        husband does not have.  A panther.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        She pours salt in my wounds.

                                 SERENA
                        Not at all.  Galloway has been 
                        scouting.  He found it.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Where?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Up in Ivy Gap.

                                 SERENA
                        He baited the meadow and three 
                        nights ago the panther came to 
                        feed.  Tomorrow she’ll be hungry.

           Too good to be true?  Pemberton isn’t sure...

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Don’t forget that gold doubloon.

           INT. PEMBERTON’S CABIN - NIGHT

           Serena helps a drunken Pemberton negotiate his way around the 
           trunks packed up for the move...

           Pemberton collapses heavily on the bed.  And watches as 
           Serena pulls off his boots for him.

           Serena slips off the straps of her dress.  Pemberton raises a 
           hand to stop her, gazing at her like a vision: Serena looks 
           as she did the night they met, when she shed the same dress.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You are the most beautiful woman I 
                        have ever seen.

           Serena looks at him a moment, eyes glittering with tears.  
           Then she lets the dress fall and lies beside him a moment.

                                 SERENA
                        I’m going to miss you, Pemberton.

           She raises her head to kiss him.  But he has fallen asleep.
           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Galloway puts his gear in the back of the Packard.

           INT. CAMP OFFICE - DAY

           Pemberton gets down his rifle and puts a box of ammunition in 
           his jacket.  As he starts to close the gun case, his eye 
           catches on the knife that killed Harmon and the widow.

           He glances out the window...at Galloway leaning against the 
           Packard, putting a plug in his cheek as he waits...

           Pemberton tucks the knife into his belt.

           EXT. CAMP YARD - DAY

           Pemberton sets his rifle on the back seat with the gear.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You forgot your rifle.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Don’t need it.  This is your kill.

           He grins.  A beat.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        The missus is waiting on you.

           LONG: Serena, on her Arabian, is conversing with Frizzell, 
           the photographer.  He has set up his tripod on the railless
           track where the skidder once sat.

           EXT. TRACK/BOOM SITE - DAY

           Serena smiles down at Pemberton from her horse.

                                 SERENA
                        The park commission wants to 
                        document the devastation we wrecked 
                        upon the land.  I thought we should 
                        be in it.

           Frizzell shrugs grouchily.  Makes no difference to him.

           Serena extends a hand and Pemberton comes to her.  Not really 
           in the mood, but humoring her.

           Frizzell slides a fresh plate into his camera.
           Serena poses with her hand on Pemberton’s shoulder, 
           backgrounded by the devastated slope.  CLICK!

           EXT. FOREST/IVY GAP - DAY

           Pemberton and Galloway ford a shallow creek and head up the 
           rocks on the other side.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        You’re sure it was the panther?  
                        You saw it?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Better than that.  I heard it.

           He glances back at Pemberton with a crooked grin...

           EXT. FOREST/MEADOW - DAY

           They pick their way down a steep drop that ends in a 
           splendid, sunny meadow, dotted with tufts of broom sedge.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        This way.

           The mauled CARCASS of a deer lies on the grass.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        See how the chest is tore open?  
                        None but a panther does that.

           Pemberton gets on one knee for a look.  Then he nods.

           A KNOTTED BEDSHEET sags from a dogwood branch on the edge of 
           the meadow.  Galloway slashes it with a hawkbill knife and...

           A dead fawn spills onto the ground.  Galloway grabs its back 
           leg and drags it into the meadow.  Fresh bait.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        There’s a flat place up there.

           He points toward the ridge, where a granite outcrop pushes 
           out of the slantland like a huge fist.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        You can set there and see this 
                        whole meadow.  And it’s high enough 
                        that cat won’t smell you.

           Pemberton eyes the steep climb dubiously.
                                 PEMBERTON
                        Is there a path?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Not but the one we’ll make getting 
                        there.
                             (with a shrug)
                        I can haul that rifle in the crook 
                        of my arm if you want.  Might make 
                        it easier for you.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No, thanks.

           Makes no difference to Galloway...

           EXT. MOUNTAIN LAUREL/GRANITE RIDGE - DAY

           Pemberton trails Galloway through high laurel, laboring up 
           the difficult slope...

           Then Galloway ducks into dense stand of brush several strides 
           ahead and Pemberton loses sight of him.

           Pemberton slows.  Watchful.  He reaches under his jacket to 
           unbutton the strap that holds his knife in its sheath...

           Then he pushes into the thicket where Galloway vanished.

           There’s no sign of him.  Tensing, Pemberton scans the gaps in 
           the laurel...his hand reaching around for the knife...

                                 GALLOWAY (O.S.)
                        If you ain’t born to this skinny 
                        air a fellow will lose his breath 
                        easy up here.

           He is looking down at Pemberton from higher up the slope.  
           Then he grins and waves.  Get a move on.

           EXT. GRANITE OUTCROP/BASIN - DAY

           Galloway squats beside a natural basin, fed by a spring 
           above.  He takes two sandwiches from his tote sack and opens 
           the paper to examine them.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        This one’s yours.

           Pemberton takes the sandwich and eats.  It’s not very good 
           but he’s hungry after the climb...
           Then he cups his hands and gulps water from the spring.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        That spring up top gives cold water 
                        even in the dog days.  You’ll not 
                        find better.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        It’s damn sure better than that 
                        sandwich.

           Galloway cuts a piece from a plug of tobacco and puts it in 
           his cheek.  Chewing contemplatively.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Best go ahead and get up on that 
                        ledge.  Won’t be long before the 
                        meadow starts to shadow up.

           Pemberton looks at the outcrop.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        How do I get up there?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Stand on that smaller rock.  Then 
                        put your foot in that crack above.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Then what?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Then you got to hoist yourself.  
                        It’s flat as a skillet.  You ain’t 
                        going to roll off.

           A beat.  Pemberton puts his foot in the crack tentatively.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        When you get up there, I’ll hand 
                        you the gun.  It’ll be easier.

           He holds out his hand for the rifle.  There’s no other way.

           Pemberton looks at Galloway suspiciously.  Then he removes 
           the bullet from the chamber and pockets it.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Don’t want you stealing my kill.

           Galloway grins as he takes the rifle.

           Pemberton puts a foot on the smaller rock.  The other in the 
           crevice.  Then he reaches up and puts his hands on the ledge.
           He hesitates.  Hit by a wave of nausea.

           Galloway spits.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Need a boost?

                                 PEMBERTON
                        No, I don’t need a goddamn boost.

           He takes a deep breath and kicks his leg over the outcrop...

           Pemberton rolls onto the ledge, satisfied with himself.  But 
           a BUZZING fills the air.  He raises his head and sees FOUR 
           RATTLESNAKES coiled right beside him.  Shaking their tails...

           Pemberton tries to move but one of the snakes lunges and 
           SINKS ITS FANGS IN HIS CALF.

           Pemberton calls out and rolls away--

           OFF THE EDGE OF THE OUTCROPPING--

           He TUMBLES DOWN, bouncing off the smaller rock--

           Then TUMBLING AND SLIDING DOWN THE SLOPE, head over heels, 
           grasping for a handhold but finding nothing to slow him...

           Pemberton comes to a stop in the thicket of laurel.

           One ankle is bent at an unnatural angle and his unbuttoned 
           hunting knife has come loose and gashed his arm.

           Pemberton tries to move and regrets it.  He lies back.

           There’s a THRUSH-THRUSH-- someone approaching through the 
           laurel-- then Galloway emerges and stands over him.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        You’re about as tore up as a fellow 
                        can get.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Help me up.

           Galloway lifts him to his feet, but with the broken ankle 
           it’s impossible for Pemberton to stand without help.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Get me into the meadow.

           Galloway helps him out of the laurel and into the meadow, 
           easing him to a sitting position among the broom sedge...
                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        A rattlesnake bit me.

           He pulls up his pant leg.  Just above the boot, two small 
           holes piece the skin.  Already getting red and puffy.

           Galloway squats for a closer look.

           Pemberton tosses him the knife.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Get the poison out.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        Too late.  It’s in your veins.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Just cut.

           Galloway methodically cuts an X across each puncture.  He 
           squeezes out some blood as Pemberton grimaces.

           Then he yanks out one of Pemberton’s bootlaces and makes a 
           tourniquet above the knee.

           The leg seems to redden and swell before their eyes.

           Another wave of stomach pain hits Pemberton.

                                 PEMBERTON (CONT’D)
                        Damn stomach.  Wouldn’t think a 
                        snake bite would cause that.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        It don’t.

           He looks off, toward the mountains.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Take the car and find a phone.  Get 
                        a doctor up here.  Then go to the 
                        camp and find Serena.  She’ll tell 
                        you what else to do.

           Galloway does not reply at first.  He steps over to his tote 
           sack and swings it over his shoulder.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        She already has.  Told me what to 
                        do, I mean.  You’re gonna be in 
                        this meadow a long while.

           Pemberton looks at him a moment, starting to comprehend.  
           Then his stomach contracts with such force he doubles over.
                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        That’ll be the sandwich your missus
                        made special for you.  Mixed in 
                        some rat poison.  I told her that 
                        rattlesnake den ought to do the 
                        trick, but she wanted to be sure.

           He wipes a dribble of tobacco juice off his chin.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        She said to tell you she thought 
                        you the one man ever strong and 
                        pure enough to be her equalling.  
                        But your mewling over the babe 
                        showed her the otherwise of that.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        The child is safe.  I got a cable 
                        from McDowell.

           Galloway smiles thoughtfully, opening his hawkbill knife and 
           stepping toward Pemberton.

                                 GALLOWAY
                        I whittled on him a right good bit, 
                        but he wouldn’t give that young one 
                        up.  Mama says he’s too far away to 
                        get him in her mind now.

           His hawkbill slashes down, across Pemberton’s pocket, freeing 
           the $20 gold coin.  Galloway picks it up.

                                 GALLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        I figure I earned this.

                                 PEMBERTON
                        Is there really a panther?

                                 GALLOWAY
                        You’ll know the truth of that soon 
                        enough.  That cat will come across 
                        the ridge there, just to the left 
                        of that cliff hang.  She’ll smell 
                        your blood and soon enough she’ll 
                        come on down for a visit.

           He lifts his tote sack and slings it over his shoulder.  Then 
           he shambles off toward the trees...

           Something surges in Pemberton’s stomach and he spits blood on 
           the grass.  Then he gathers himself and rolls over.

           He pulls himself over the ground, inch by agonizing inch...
           EXT. NOLAND MOUNTAIN - DAY

           Serena rides alone at the top of denuded Noland Mountain, 
           looking sadly at the landscape beyond, knowing Pemberton is 
           down there somewhere, in one of those green hollows...

           EXT. MEADOW - DUSK

           The shadows are long across the grass as Pemberton pulls 
           himself a few inches then stops to rest.  He has moved maybe 
           ten yards since we left him.

           Pemberton heaves but there’s nothing left to bring up.  He 
           shivers.  Shuts his eyes.  Knows it’s over.  With his last 
           reserve, Pemberton pushes off and rolls over onto his back.

           ANGLE: There’s a THRUSH-THRUSH in the laurel.  Something is 
           moving in there.  Creeping toward him...

           Pemberton is staring at the sky.  Then there’s a CRY at the 
           edge of the meadow.  Like the sound of an infant.

                                 PEMBERTON
                             (softly)
                        Jacob.

           There is a smile on his face as the long, cat-shaped shadow 
           slinks low over the ground, coming closer and closer...

           INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN/SEATTLE - DAY

           Jacob sits on a folded quilt in the corner, banging the toy 
           train Vaughn gave him on his knee.

           Rachel toils over a sink, washing pots and pans in the busy 
           kitchen, keeping an eye on the boy when she can.

           Then MRS. BJORKLAND breezes in and pins a new check on the 
           wheel.  Before she goes back to the dining room, she kneels 
           beside Jacob and pinches his cheek.  Smiling at Rachel...

           EXT. SEATTLE STREET - DUSK

           Rachel walks away from the restaurant, carrying Jacob.  Her 
           eyes are on something in the distance:

           The snow-capped peak of Mt. Rainier.  The mountain is the 
           only bit of nature she can glimpse in her new home.
           A car HONKS and Rachel realizes she’s stopped in the middle 
           of the street.  She hurries to the curb, clutching little 
           Jacob in the bustling crowd...

           Rachel passes a line of Tramps and Hobos waiting to get into 
           the Salvation Army, not seeing a familiar shock of red hair:

                                 VAUGHN
                        Rachel?  Rachel Harmon?

           Rachel takes a few steps more before she recognizes her own 
           name.  She turns slowly.  Her eyes must be deceiving her.

           But beneath the grime and tatters, Joel Vaughn is smiling his 
           shy smile at her...

           Rachel stands there a moment, stunned, as Vaughn hobbles 
           toward her.  Then she rushes to him and they embrace...

                                                           DISSOLVE TO:

           EXT. SEATTLE HOSPITAL - DAY

           A 1972 Dodge Dart pulls up to the curb, Jim Croce bleeding 
           through the windows.

           A MAN, 40s, gets out the car holding a paper bag.  The hair 
           and clothes are 1970s, of course, but otherwise he bears a 
           startling resemblance to Pemberton.  This is JACOB HARMON.

           INT. SEATTLE HOSPITAL/ELEVATOR

           Jacob steps into the elevator and rides up alone.  As the 
           floors DING he takes a framed photo out of the paper bag:

           It’s a picture of a family on a camping trip in the late 
           1930s. A boy poses between his parents, Mt. Rainier in the 
           background.  The parents are Vaughn and Rachel.

           The memory of it is poignant for Jacob.

           INT. SEATTLE HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY

           The same PHOTOGRAPH as Jacob sets it on the bed stand.

           Then he turns to the woman in the bed-- Rachel.  She’s nearly 
           60 now, frail and wasted.  Dying.

                                 JACOB
                        How’s that, mama?
           He takes her hand as she gazes at the picture.

                                 JACOB (CONT’D)
                        That the one you were thinking of?

           A tracheotomy tube makes speaking impossible, but Rachel 
           nods, remembering...  Then she looks back at Jacob and points 
           to a basket of magazines on the floor.

                                 JACOB (CONT’D)
                        Want me to read to you?

           Rachel shakes her head.  Just get the basket.

           Patient, as if she were a child, Jacob fetches the basket and 
           brings it to the bed.  Rachel gets a LIFE magazine from the 
           pile and opens it, tapping a dog-eared page.  Look at that.

           Jacob peers blankly at a PHOTOGRAPH of Serena Pemberton, now 
           70, on the porch of her timber plantation in Brazil...

           Then he looks at Rachel.  This woman means nothing to him.  
           But Rachel signals to him-- insistent-- keep going.

           So Jacob pages through the various pictures of Serena and her 
           operation in Brazil, all meaningless to him...

           Except for one-- the only one that’s not in color:

           Set against a wasteland of stumps and shattered tree limbs, 
           Serena sits astride a great white horse.  She must have moved 
           at the same time as the shutter, for her face is blurred.

           But the powerfully built man standing by her is clear enough.

           Jacob squints at his father a moment.  Then turns to Rachel.  
           Understanding now the fire in her eyes...

           She motions toward a little overnight bag on a chair.

           Inside is her father’s pearl-handled bowie knife...

           EXT. SERENA’S HACIENDA IN SAO PAOLO - NIGHT

           A full moon over the silent streets.

           At the front gate of a splendid estate, a bored SECURITY 
           GUARD smokes and watches the street.  Listening to samba on 
           his transistor radio.
           EXT. SERENA’S HACIENDA/BACK LAWN - NIGHT

           A dark figure slinks across the grass.

           The SCREENED PANEL of the back door as a pearl-handled bowie 
           knife slashes it diagonally.

           INT. SERENA’S HACIENDA/CORRIDOR - NIGHT

           Jacob moves swiftly down the corridor, muting the beam of his 
           flashlight with a hand...

           Around the corner, a grizzled old man sleeps on a pallet 
           outside the door to the master bedroom.  A pistol lies in 
           reach of his right hand.  His left arm ends in a stump.

           Jacob’s shadow passes over the sleeping Galloway, but he does 
           not stir.  Perhaps that hearing aid in his ear is turned off.

           By the time Galloway opens his eyes, Jacob is holding him by 
           the hair and raking the bowie knife across his windpipe.

           He dies without seeing his killer.

           Jacob steps over the corpse and eases open the bedroom door.

           Mottled light through the window softens the sleeping woman.  
           One would scarcely believe she is 70 now.

           Jacob glides silently to the bed.  Then waits.

           Gradually Serena awakens to the presence beside her.

           Jacob steps closer and lets the moonlight hit his face...  He 
           says nothing.  His face betrays nothing.

           Serena remains in the netherworld between sleep and 
           wakefulness, looking on an apparition of the man she loved.

           Then she reaches for Jacob, smiling...

           EXT. SERENA’S HACIENDA - NIGHT

           The massive front door flies open with a CLATTER.

           The Security Guard at the gate spins.

           And Serena steps out of the house slowly, her hands gathered 
           at her belly.

           The Guard takes a step toward her, asking her in Portuguese 
           if anything is wrong...
           Serena takes another step and pulls her hand away from her 
           abdomen-- holding the bowie knife she has just extracted.

           The Guard runs up the walkway.

           Serena staggers forward...her nude body gashed and bleeding 
           from multiple wounds...the moonlight in her white hair like a 
           mane of fire.  She seems to hover a moment...

           Then she falls, tumbling down the porch steps.

           The knife skids away from her hand.

           The Security Guard drops to his knees beside her and feels 
           for a pulse.  Then he jumps up, CALLING OUT for help as he 
           runs up the steps and into the house...

           Jacob glides calmly from the shadows and picks up his 
           grandfather’s knife.

           His powerful frame moves without hurry across the pavement 
           and through the front gate, which CLICKS shut behind him.

           ANGLE ON Serena.  Her head is turned, her arm extended toward 
           the gate...  It’s almost as if she’s reaching out to him.

           But Jacob is nothing but FOOTSTEPS now, a shadow on the 
           street, dissolving into the night...

           FADE OUT
