                                   FINAL JOURNEY

                                        by

                                Michael Lee Barlin

        Lee Stobby Entertainment
        Lee@stobbyent.com
        323-546-9290
        “I listen to the wind, to the wind of my soul,
               Where I’ll end up, well I think, only God really knows...”
                      --Cat Stevens, THE WIND

        Authors Note:
        This script is about Inuits (Eskimos) of long ago. It was written 
        to be an extremely visual story-telling experience. As such, all 
        characters speak in Inuit dialects but it was the author's intent 
        that no subtitles would be needed for an audience to understand 
        what is happening at any point in the tale.

        As to a director's intention, that will be up to her...  :)
           FADE IN:

           EXT. MANPICHU WINTER CAMP - SUNSET

           Ten square huts made of wood, bone, rock and fur snuggle in 
           an alcove of high cliffs bordering a frozen harbor and an 
           immense field of snow.

           YOUNG ISHA, 5, wearing trousers and a coat with the hood 
           drawn tight around her face in the tradition of her people, 
           runs through the camp looking nervous.

           She fiddles with something in her hand as she hurries past 
           scenes familiar to her way of life:

           A woman digs food out of a snow pile beside her hut. 

           A few bold men make weapons, and a kayak, in the cold.

           A man and woman play in the snow with their children and dog.

           Isha stops at a hut with four low benches out front made of 
           log-halves. Three are covered by woven grass mats.

           Isha stares with trepidation at the bare bench, then enters 
           the hut by crawling into a low, small hole.

           INT. HUT - CONTINUOUS

           Isha crawls through a tunnel leading down a few feet, then up 
           again (to prevent flooding), emerging in a great square room.

           A CROWD is gathered around something Isha cannot see because 
           of her height, but SHE HEARS A WOMAN CHANTING IN INUIT. 

           Isha pushes by everyone to find her graven father NATO, 40, 
           and obedient mother NUTCHA, 35, sitting cross-legged behind 
           her elderly grandmother IMMANNA, 80.

           All three face the chanting woman who stands before them 
           RECITING HER SONG WITH VIGOR.

           When the song ends, Immanna nods and the woman recedes into 
           the crowd.

           A young man replaces her and RECITES ANOTHER SONG IN INUIT.

           Nato notices Isha and beckons her. 

           Isha moves to him, keeping low. Immanna smiles as she passes, 
           and Isha smiles back. 
           Reaching Nato, however, her smile disappears. She shows him 
           what she carries-- a necklace with a walrus-ivory pendant 
           carved in the likeness of a snow owl.

           Displeased by the pendant, Nato shoves Isha to the ground.

           The reciting young man STOPS SINGING, alarmed. Immanna looks 
           at Isha, who puts her head down, embarrassed.

           Immanna nods at the young man who nods back and returns to 
           the crowd. Nobody takes his place.

           Nato stands and lifts Isha by the ear, WHISPERING SOMETHING 
           TO HER and pointing at the hut entrance. 

           Isha nods and runs back through the crowd towards it.

           But when she reaches the entrance, AVANNTA, an Angakok (Holy 
           Man), enters, rising to an unsettling height above her.

           Isha stares up at him in awe, but despite the black lines 
           tattooed on his face, and his collar and crown of elaborate 
           feathers and long grasses, he offers her a gentle smile.

           Avannta takes Isha’s hand and marches her back to Nato, who 
           appears nervous as they approach. 

           Glaring at Nato, Avannta holds out his hand to Isha.

           Isha gives Avannta the pendant and glances anxiously at 
           Immanna who stifles a laugh.

           Avannta holds the necklace out before Nato and all present. 
           Everyone bows their head in reverence, including Nato.

                                 AVANNTA
                           (Reminder: all dialogue is 
                            in real Inuit dialect 
                            with no subtitles)
                        I knew you would not listen to your 
                        daughter! I gave her the amulet to 
                        present to you until I came, but 
                        this was not good enough for you! 
                        You treat her in a manner that 
                        could curse your family through the 
                        ages! No respect for the young 
                        leads to no respect for the old, 
                        and so ends everything!

           Nato lowers his head in fearful obedience. 

           Avannta steps before Immanna and bows. Immanna bows back and 
           he holds the pendant above her. CHANTING:
                                 AVANNTA (CONT’D)
                        Oh, great spirits of the world, 
                        take pity on this kind soul who now 
                        does this deed of love for her 
                        family, and those of her village. 
                        Guide her well so she may become 
                        one with your wondrous light.

           Finished, Avannta thrusts the pendant at Nato and storms back 
           through the parting crowd, disappearing from the hut.

           When he is gone, everyone turns to Nato. Embarrassed, Nato
           glances at Isha who returns a shy smile. 

           Anger swells inside him, but he bites it back and turns to 
           Immanna with the pendant.

                                 NATO
                        Immanna, we thank you for your 
                        sacrifice, and the life you give 
                        us. We will honor your name and 
                        memory for all time.

           Nato places the necklace on Immanna, and everyone CHEERS.

           Isha CHEERS as well, but is confused about what is happening. 

           Immanna nods in thanks, then stands with the help of Nato. 

           With shaking hands, she tries to grab a small, seal-hide bag 
           beside her with an owl etched on it like her necklace. Isha 
           grabs it and nimbly helps her put it over her head.

           Immanna smiles again at Isha, this time revealing she no 
           longer has any teeth, and caresses Isha’s face.

                                 IMMANNA
                        Isha, Isha, Isha...

           Immanna walks through the crowd towards the exit.

           People take her hand as she passes, and bow their foreheads 
           to her palm. Immanna nods to each in return.

           At the exit, she glances around the hut for the last time, 
           then bends slowly and crawls out.

           EXT. HUT - CONTINUOUS

           Immanna exits to find more people have gathered outside.

           She passes through them, each bowing to her as well, then 
           walks off towards the snow-covered tundra bordering the camp.
           Isha and Nato emerge from the hut, and Nato BLOWS A GREAT 
           MUSK-OX HORN.

           Everyone follows Immanna, others from camp stopping what they 
           are doing and joining the procession.

           Isha grows excited as they march, but is still confused about 
           what is going on-- everything seeming both a merry and solemn 
           occasion beyond her comprehension.

           AT THE EDGE OF CAMP

           Three hunters returning from a hunt with a caribou see what 
           is happening and honor Immanna with bows. 

           They fall in with the crowd as Immanna stops at the edge of 
           camp and turns to regard everyone.

                                 IMMANNA
                        Thank you for seeing me off. Having 
                        become only a burden, I hope, in 
                        leaving, to bring you all long life 
                        and happiness.

           Isha goes pale with shock. She shakes her head and tries to 
           run to Immanna but Nutcha holds her back.

           Immanna sees Isha’s turmoil. She bends before Isha and pulls 
           from her bag a small wooden sculpture of a winged woman 
           reaching to the sky with outstretched arms.

           She hands this to Isha and watches her look at it. Crying, 
           Isha buries her face in Immanna’s neck, hugging her tight.

                                 YOUNG ISHA
                        Don’t go, Immanna. Please.

                                 IMMANNA
                        Be strong, young one. One day I 
                        pray you grow to understand what I 
                        now do for you.

           Isha shakes her head, trying to stop the inevitable, and 
           grips Immanna until Nutcha pulls her away.

           Immanna wipes Isha’s tears and reaches into the sky with a 
           triumphant smile, looking like the figurine she gave Isha.

           They regard each other a moment, then Immanna rises and walks 
           out bravely into the vast white field lying outside the camp.

           Isha strains to run after Immanna but Nutcha holds her back.
                                 YOUNG ISHA
                        Immanna! Immanna!

           Immanna never looks back. She just keeps walking.

           The crowd breaks up, but Isha remains with her family 
           watching Immanna leave. Nato finally turns and heads back.

           Isha refuses to leave, so Nutcha lifts her gently and carries 
           her away.

                                 YOUNG ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Immanna...

           Isha’s young, strong hands cling tightly to Nutcha. Her eyes, 
           bobbing in Nutcha’s arms, remain on Immanna...

           EXT. HUT - MANPICHU CAMP - DAY

           ...ISHA’S EYES, 86 now, bob up and down as well.

           Isha sits on a log bench covered with a grass mat, hunched 
           over some animal skins she is trying to sew together into a 
           fur-lined blanket.

           Beside her, three old women also work on skins:

           JOKKA, 70, makes a pair of mukluk boots. INNTA, 70, a jacket. 
           YANTAVVA, 75, repairs a full-bodied undergarment.

           Isha looks in pain as her gnarled hands work the materials. 

           Once strong, her hands are now calloused and damaged by years 
           of exposure to the elements. They also slightly shake despite 
           her attempts to control them.

           Isha winces and drops her squirrel-bone needle. She rubs her 
           hand profusely, trying to hide her pain from the others.

           Yantavva puts a questioning hand on Isha’s shoulder. Isha 
           shakes it off and continues working as if nothing is wrong.

           The others exchange knowing looks before continuing with 
           their own work.

           A HORN CALLS IN THE DISTANCE and the women stop working-- 
           Isha thankfully. All four duck into the...

           INT. HUT - CONTINUOUS

           Divided four ways, Jokka and Innta run to the hut’s two 
           closest corners, Isha and Yantavva to the farthest two. 
           They each grab wooden or clay bowls and run back out.

           EXT. LARGE TENT IN THE CENTER OF THE VILLAGE - CONTINUOUS

           Three ice-covered hunters unload two dead seals from a sled.

           Isha and the others arrive and fall in with an excited crowd 
           of mostly women and a few stone-faced men.

           Everyone raises their bowls and the hunters count them while 
           dancing children run up and touch the seals with delight.

           A walrus-stomach sack with fresh water is brought from the 
           tent. The Hunters feed the water to the dead seals as 
           everyone nods and offers the seals words of thanks.

           The hunters cut up the seals, first removing the heads and 
           setting them aside, followed by the skin and blubber.

           When the hunters have taken the best parts for themselves, 
           they divide the rest into equal parts for everyone gathered.

           INT. ISHA’S HUT - LATER

           Isha drops her bowl to the floor in her corner, spilling her 
           family’s portion of meat and blubber.

           Cursing, and rubbing her hands in pain, she gets on her knees 
           and gathers the spilled food back into the bowl.

           She glances around cautiously at the hut’s other families 
           gathering around bowls of their own.

           Nobody seems to have noticed her spill.

           Until she notices Yantavva eyeing her suspiciously as 
           Yantavva cuts up her own portion of meat.

           Isha grits her teeth and focuses on her cleanup.

           When the meat is back in the bowl, Isha unrolls an animal 
           skin containing several knives and grabs a thin one.

           She hovers with the knife over the meat, looking nervous 
           about how much her hand is shaking. She steels her resolve 
           and is about to cut the meat when her name is called:

                                 CHOKO (O.S.)
                        Isha!

           Isha looks at the entrance as her granddaughter CHOKO, 8, 
           rushes in, excited, and stares wide-eyed at their meat.
                                 CHOKO (CONT’D)
                        For us Grandma!?

           Isha nods, then gets an idea. She holds out the knife.

                                 ISHA
                        Would you like to cut it up for the 
                        family today?

           Choko’s eyes grow even wider. She takes the knife and under 
           Isha’s guidance, cuts up the meat. 

           As they work, Isha glances at Yantavva who shakes her head 
           with disapproval.

           INT. HUT - LATER THAT NIGHT

           Isha lies under a fur blanket beside Choko, her son SONTO, 
           45, daughter-in-law NADDA, 35, brother ITO, 60, Ito’s wife 
           ATTIMA, 45, and Ito’s sons ATTO, 25 and UTOJAN, 27.

           Other families lay in the hut’s other quarters, all beds 
           consisting of woven grass mats covered with caribou skin. 

           Everyone is asleep except Isha who stares at the roof, 
           rolling her wrist to work out the pain. 

           Sleep eluding her, she quietly gets up.

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - NIGHT

           Isha exits wearing a parka and sets off for the edge of camp.

           As she walks, she closes her eyes and savors the HOWLING WIND 
           rushing around her.

           EDGE OF CAMP - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha stares at the vast arctic field stretching into 
           darkness. The only things moving are flakes of snow, and 
           chips of ice, rolling along in the arms of the WIND.

           The GHOSTLY FORM OF AN OLD WOMAN appears on the ice field.

           She is followed by FOUR OTHER ELDERLY GHOST WOMEN.

           All of them stare at Isha.

           Then Immanna appears, a bright blue spirit in the night, and 
           ISHA IS A LITTLE GIRL AGAIN staring at her in awe.
           Immanna smiles at Young Isha and holds out an entreating arm 
           towards the arctic field. 

           The Ghostly Women behind Immanna do the same.

           THE WIND PICKS UP INTENSITY and Isha’s joy turns to fear. She 
           shakes her head no. THE WIND RISES TO A GALE!

           Isha beseeches Immanna with her eyes but Immanna shows no 
           emotion. The Women stare like accusing statues.

           The WIND whips around Isha, rising to a frightening level. 

           Isha finally cannot take anymore.

                                 YOUNG ISHA
                        NO!

           The WIND blows itself away across the ice field, taking with 
           it Immanna and the others ghosts.

           ISHA IS HER OLD SELF AGAIN, alone and shaken up in the still 
           arctic night.

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - DAY

           Isha sits on her bench lost in thought. She holds her blanket 
           but does not work on it.

           The day is surprisingly warm and Jokka and Innta seem to 
           converse about it as they work on their skins. 

           Yantavva, however, watches Isha.

           She elbows Jokka and points at Isha sitting idle. Jokka and 
           Innta shake their heads in disapproval.

           Sensing their stares, Isha comes out of her thoughts.

           She turns away from them and uses her palms to apply the 
           force needed to push her needle through the thick skins.

           After a few of these difficult stitches, however, Isha throws 
           down the blanket in frustration and storms into the hut. 

           The others look at one another in knowing, busy-body fashion.

           INT/EXT. LARGE TENT IN CENTER OF CAMP - NIGHT

           A festival is under way INSIDE AND OUTSIDE the great tent.

           Children run in and out of it, chasing dogs and laughing.
           Several drummers PLAY MUSIC ON HIDE DRUMS.

           The entire camp is gathered, people either dancing, eating, 
           or walking about sharing and distributing food.

           Isha is the only person not having fun. She sits with Sonto, 
           Nadda, Ito and Attima who LAUGH together, ignoring her.

           Isha stares at another family listening with rapture to an 
           elderly grandmother tell a tale.

           INT. IMMANNA’S HUT - FLASHBACK

           During Immanna’s goodbye ceremony, young Isha watches Immanna
           walk through the crowd as people stare at her with love and 
           respect, offering her their heartfelt farewells.

           LARGE TENT - END FLASHBACK

           SONTO BARKS AT ISHA, pulling her out of her thoughts.

                                 SONTO
                        Did you not hear Nadda?!

           Isha looks at Nadda who speaks to Isha like a subordinate.

                                 NADDA
                        I could really go for some of 
                        Kogi’s black duck.

           Nadda points at KOGI, 40, walking around with strips of black 
           duck meat on a plate.

                                 SONTO
                        Go! And bring me a strip as well!

           Isha gets up and tracks down Kogi. 

           She returns with several strips of duck which Sonto and Nadda 
           snatch up without even looking at her. 

           Sonto points at OGGA, 60, an old woman boiling a brew of 
           berries and blubber as she chats with others.

                                 SONTO (CONT’D)
                        Now get four bowls of Ogga’s berry 
                        broth for your family. Five
                        if you want one for yourself...

           Isha nods with dread and carries five bowls to Ogga.
           Ogga smiles at Isha, but notices her squint when she fills 
           the bowls with thick, hot brew.

                                 OGGA
                        Are you alright Isha?

           Isha nods, biting back pain. When the bowls are full, Isha 
           makes her way back cringing-- her hands shaking dangerously.

           Ogga watches her with a sad, knowing look.

           Isha somehow manages to reach her family without dropping a 
           bowl, but as everyone takes one, nobody noticing or caring 
           about her pain, two spill to the floor.

           Sonto stands, agitated.

                                 SONTO
                        What is the matter with you?!

           Isha smiles in apology, distractedly rubbing her wrists. 

           Sonto notices and she stops. Looking around, Isha realizes 
           everyone in camp is staring.

           Isha smiles deceptively and, indicating she is going for a 
           walk, disappears into the crowd.

           EDGE OF THE GATHERING - MOMENTS LATER

           Out of sight, Isha rubs her hands again as she watches all 
           the families, their old included, having a good time.

           She also catches women eyeing her suspiciously as they chat.

           Isha stops rubbing her hands and stands alone and bored.

           Dejected, she pulls from her pocket the small sculpture of 
           the winged woman Immanna gave her the day she left.

           The sculpture is old now, discolored, with one hand broken. 

           Isha stares at it sadly, then looks at her own ruined hands. 

                                 CHOKO (O.S.)
                        Grandma! Grandma!

           Choko runs over, excited, with an intricate scene sewn onto 
           an animal skin of a man fighting a polar bear with a spear.

           Isha puts the sculpture away and points at the skin.
                                 ISHA
                        Did you make this?

           Choko nods. Isha smiles, amazed.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Very good, Choko! Very good!

           Choko beams and runs off to show others the skin.

           Watching Choko impress everyone, Isha gets an idea.

           INT. IMMANNA’S HUT - FLASHBACK

           Young Isha sits in Immanna’s lap as Immanna teaches her how 
           to properly sew skins into clothes.

           Isha marvels at the power in Immana’s hands as Immana makes 
           skintight seams with beautiful patterns.

                                 YANTAVVA (V.O.)
                        Isha... Isha...

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - DAY - END FLASHBACK

                                 YANTAVVA
                        Isha?!

           Present-day Isha comes out of her daydream to find herself 
           sitting with Yantavva, Jokka and Innta outside their hut. 

           She has again zoned out into her own thoughts and has not 
           been working on her blanket.

           The women regard Isha with simmering contempt. 

           Isha turns away from them. She sighs at her blanket, then 
           passes her needle through the material, cringing with pain.

                                 CHOKO (O.S.)
                        Grandma!

           Choko runs up and hugs Isha, then stares in awe at her 
           blanket. Isha shows her the decorative seam she is stitching.

                                 ISHA
                        You see what I have done? Do you 
                        think you can do the same?

           Choko nods. Isha gives her the needle.
                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Show me.

           Isha throws a sly glance at Yantavva, Jokka and Innta who 
           watch with disapproval as Choko does Isha’s work for her. 

           Isha nods proudly as she watches Choko’s every move, 
           correcting her when she goes astray.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Good. Good. No, no-- be careful 
                        with your loops...

           INT. ISHA’S HUT - NIGHT

           Isha sits alone in her corner chewing crimps into walrus-skin 
           soles intended for mukluks. 

           Everyone else is gathered in the center of the hut, around a 
           main fire, listening to Sonto TELL STORIES.

           Isha suddenly cringes and puts her hand to her jaw in pain.

           Yantavva, Jokka and Innta notice and whisper to each other.

           Isha turns away, angry, and opens her mouth to continue 
           crimping, but CRIES OUT IN PAIN. 

           Sonto pauses his story as everyone turns to stare at Isha.

           Embarrassed, Isha waves for Sonto to continue.

           Annoyed, Sonto resumes his story, and everyone turns back to 
           listen again except Yantavva, Jokka and Innta who grin with 
           evil pleasure at one another.

           Isha looks helplessly at her walrus sole. She throws it to 
           the floor and curls up on her bed mat, fighting back tears.

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - DAY

           Isha sits with Choko again working on skins under Isha’s 
           guidance. Yantavva, Jokka, and Innta are not happy.

           INT. ISHA’S HUT - NIGHT

           As everyone readies for bed, Isha notices Yantavva and Jokka 
           talking with Sonto as he inspects Isha’s new blanket.

           Isha looks at Choko playing with some children. Choko has 
           noticed the interest in the blanket and smiles. Isha frowns.
           Sonto approaches, holding the blanket in an accusing manner.

                                 SONTO
                        Isha? Are you making this blanket?

           Isha acts confused by his question and nods.

                                 SONTO (CONT’D)
                        Or is Choko making it so you can 
                        shirk your responsibilities?

           Sonto points at Choko who runs over with a grin. 

           Isha sneaks Choko a warning look then shakes her head.

                                 ISHA
                        No. I have been working on that 
                        blanket myself.

           Choko looks crestfallen. Sonto stares at Isha with suspicion.

           He holds the blanket out to Choko.

                                 SONTO
                        Choko! Did you help Isha make this 
                        blanket?

           Choko gazes at Isha, confused. Isha gives her another warning 
           look. Choko grows upset and shakes her head at Sonto.

                                 SONTO (CONT’D)
                        You’re not lying to me, are you?

           Choko stares at the floor, about to cry. Sonto glares at 
           Isha. He looks at her hands, which she hides from him.

           Sonto throws the blanket to the floor in disgust. He grabs 
           his parka and storms out of the hut.

           Isha notices Choko is now crying. Isha touches her shoulder 
           but Choko runs to Nadda.

           Isha sees everyone staring at her with judgemental eyes, 
           especially Yantavva and Jokka. 

           She looks down and shakes her head.

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - DAY

           Isha sits with Yantavva, Jokka and Innta on her log. She 
           searches around, but Choko is nowhere to be seen.
           Avoiding eye contact with the others, she bites back her pain 
           and works the final stitches needed to complete her blanket.

           INT. ISHA’S HUT - NIGHT

           As everyone sleeps, Isha lies awake staring at the ceiling.

           She stretches and notices her old, broken hands. With a sigh 
           and some painful exertion, she gets up.

           EXT. EDGE OF ENCAMPMENT - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha stares out at the void listening to the MOANING WIND.

           Immanna appears glowing before Isha, not looking pleased.

           The Five Old Women Ghosts appear behind Immanna, staring at 
           Isha with disapproval. Isha looks uneasy.

           Without turning, one of the women suddenly dissolves and 
           reappears with her back turned to Isha.

           Isha is horrified.

           Another woman dissolves the same way. Then another, and 
           another, until all five women stand with their backs to Isha.

           Only Immanna remains staring at her.

           Isha pleads silently with Immanna not to forsake her, but, 
           looking sad, Immanna slowly fades until her back is turned.

           All six apparitions finally disappear, leaving Isha alone and 
           distressed in the arctic night.

           EXT. ISHA’S HUT - DAY

           Yantavva, Jokka and Innta work on their skins but Isha is 
           nowhere to be seen. They occasionally glance, like concerned 
           gossips, from Isha’s empty log to the hut entrance.

           A HORN BLOWS across camp and they run into the hut, excited.

           INT. HUT - CONTINUOUS

           Yantavva and the others freeze, startled to find Isha in her 
           corner bundled head to foot in her new blanket, staring at 
           the smoldering fire in the center of the hut.

           Isha is so still she looks dead.
           The others look at one another, not sure what to do.

           Innta and Jokka grab their family bowls as Yantavva creeps 
           towards Isha.

                                 YANTAVVA
                        Isha?

           Isha does not move. Jokka and Innta watch nervously from the 
           exit as Yantavva reaches towards Isha’s frozen, staring face.

           Isha suddenly looks at Yantavva who SCREAMS, startled.

           Spooked, Jokka and Innta run from the hut.

           Angry, Yantavva stomps to her corner.

                                 YANTAVVA (CONT’D)
                        Games! Now you play games?! Hunters 
                        have returned with food and thanks 
                        to you, I will now probably get 
                        none! And you will get even less if 
                        you’re going to sit there all day!

           Yantavva grabs her bowl and leaves.

           Isha remains, staring at the fire.

           EXT. CENTER TENT

           Everyone has gathered before three hunters divvying caribou.

           Isha arrives, looking horrible, and stands wrapped in her new 
           blanket watching the commotion. 

           Yantavva gets some meat and stomps to Isha with it.

                                 YANTAVVA
                        Where is your bowl Isha? Are you 
                        going to let your family go hungry?

           Isha opens her blanket and her bowl falls out to the ground.

           Yantavva looks at Isha like she has gone mad.

           Isha drops the blanket and holds up her hands.

           They will not stop shaking.

           Understanding, Yantavva hangs her head.
           INT. TORNA’S HUT

           TORNA, 50, stands naked in the center of a small hut with his 
           eyes closed, MUTTERING A MANTRA. His body is completely 
           covered by lines of black tattoo.

           Torna opens his eyes and with deliberate, ritualized 
           movements, first puts on garments necessary for survival, 
           then decorative pieces made of wolf and bear fur.

           He adorns jewelry made of claw, bone and stone, and a complex 
           headband made of seagull feathers and long stalks of grass.

           Having transformed into an Angakok, Torna exits the hut.

           EXT. MANPICHU CAMP

           Torna walks through the camp, drawing attention.

           Many stop whatever they are doing and follow him.

           When Torna arrives at Isha’s hut, he crawls inside past the 
           four log benches that now sit empty in the snow-- Isha’s no 
           longer having its woven grass mat covering.

           INT. ISHA’S HUT - CONTINUOUS

           Torna emerges to find a CROWD gathered, much like the one 
           from Immanna’s goodbye ceremony, only now Isha sits in the 
           place of honor. She, however, does not look happy. 

           Ogga stands before her SINGING, but instead of enjoying her 
           song, Isha looks like she is merely tolerating it.

           Ogga finishes and steps back into the crowd. Nobody steps 
           forward to take her place. 

           Isha looks at Torna who holds up a hide necklace. Everyone 
           bows their head. 

           Torna walks through the crowd and stands before Isha. Isha 
           stares at him, looking neither excited nor upset-- just numb.

                                 TORNA
                        Isha, as you make your final 
                        journey, may all kind tornaks guide 
                        you to your final resting place. 
                        Long may you be remembered in song, 
                        that many others shall now live 
                        because of your sacrifice.
           The crowd nods in assent. Isha bends her head without 
           enthusiasm and allows Torna to put the necklace on her.

           Isha notices the pendant hanging from it is carved like a 
           polar bear.

           She looks at Torna who smiles in a secretive, reassuring way, 
           then stretches his arms over her and CHANTS A MANTRA.

           As he chants, Isha spies Yantavva, Jokka and Innta looking 
           mock-sad. She frowns, then notices Choko standing with Nadda.

           Isha smiles but Choko hangs her head, avoiding eye-contact.

           Isha looks down as well, hurt.

           Torna FINISHES HIS CHANT and regards Isha a moment before 
           marching out of the hut. 

           Sonto, sitting cross-legged behind Isha, stands.

                                 SONTO
                        Does anyone else have anything they 
                        wish to say to Isha?

           Sonto stares around, perhaps a little too severely, and 
           nobody else steps forward.

           Isha is disappointed but tries to hide it as Sonto nods and 
           steps before her.

                                 SONTO (CONT’D)
                        Mother, the time has come. With 
                        love in our hearts, we set you free 
                        to the wind and snow, and thank you 
                        a final time.

                                 CROWD
                        Thank you, Isha.

           Isha nods in ritual fashion, but doesn’t look like she 
           believes Sonto’s words. 

           She tries to stand but lacks the strength. 

           Sonto helps her up and grabs her satchel. As she takes it, 
           she looks at him-- old pain and anger echoing in her eyes. 

           Sonto stares back without emotion, then holds out his arm 
           towards the exit.

           Choko runs out. Isha opens her mouth to stop her, but Choko 
           disappears too quickly. 
           Taking a deep breath, and holding back her fear, Isha makes 
           her way through the crowd.

           As she passes, people grab Isha’s hands and bend their 
           foreheads to her palms in ceremonial appreciation.

           Isha grimaces with pain each time this happens, turning her 
           attempted smiles of appreciation into angry-looking sneers.

           EXT. HUT - MOMENTS LATER - SUNSET

           The crowd that followed Torna to the hut has remained.

           Isha exits the hut and tries to pass everyone as fast as she 
           can, but is stopped repeatedly and offered thanks. 

           Sonto BLOWS A MUSK-OX HORN and more people begin to show.

           As Isha progresses towards the edge of the village, she 
           searches for Choko, but Choko is nowhere to be found.

           Dread grows on her face.

           AT THE EDGE OF THE ENCAMPMENT, Isha turns, looking afraid, 
           and faces the LARGE CROWD that has followed her.

           Her family gathers beside her and Isha notices Sonto is 
           carrying Choko in his arms. 

           Isha smiles, but Choko will still not look at her.

           Isha clears her throat. Like someone who does not want to go 
           but has no other choice:

                                 ISHA
                        Tribesman, thank you for coming to 
                        see me off. As my mother would have 
                        done, had she not died so young, 
                        and as my grandmother did before 
                        her, I leave now, so that I will 
                        not become a burden to you. 
                        Remember me and my sacrifice.

           Isha turns to Choko.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Choko? Will you not look at me a 
                        final time before I go?

           Choko stubbornly refuses to look at Isha.

           Sonto tries to get Choko to cooperate but she won’t budge. He 
           turns so Choko faces Isha, but Choko switches shoulders.
           Hurt, Isha reaches into her satchel and pulls out the small 
           sculpture of a winged woman Immanna gave her.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        I want to give you the toy my 
                        grandmother gave me when she went 
                        away. I know you like it, you’ve 
                        played with it enough times... 
                        Won’t you take it and say goodbye?

           Choko does not turn around.

           Tears grow in Isha’s eyes, but she gently smiles.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Anyway, I want you to have it.

           Isha puts the toy in Choko’s hand but Choko drops it and 
           wiggles to be let down. 

           Sonto lowers Choko who pounces accidentally on the figurine, 
           cracking it in two, and runs off into the crowd.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Choko!

           But Choko does not come back. 

           Isha looks down at the broken figurine crushed in the snow. 
           She bends and picks up the two pieces with difficulty. 

           Embarrassed, Sonto aids her.

           Isha stares in disbelief at the broken statuette. She looks 
           for Choko again but she is gone, leaving only the crowd.

           Isha’s family approach one by one and give her stiff hugs.

           Sonto steps up last battling mixed emotions. Staring from the 
           tundra to Isha, he seems to want to say something but can’t.

           Isha searches his face, trying to read him, but Sonto becomes 
           uncomfortable and puts on his old, hardened demeanor. 

           He hugs Isha in an informal way then steps back.

           Isha nods sadly, used to this, then turns to face the vast 
           ice field awaiting her.

           The moment of truth has arrived and numb terror creeps into 
           Isha’s eyes. She looks at the broken figurine, then once more 
           for Choko, but Choko is gone.
           Isha takes a deep breath and, holding back tears, musters all 
           her strength and extends a foot, taking her first painful 
           step away from the tribe. 

           She takes another, easier step. Then another.

           Soon she has left her people and is walking away from 
           everything she has ever known, step by fearful step.

           WHEN ISHA HAS GONE A GREAT DISTANCE, she turns and looks 
           back. Most of the crowd has dispersed but her family remains.

           Choko is still nowhere to be seen. Isha turns away and keeps 
           moving, never looking back again.

           TUNDRA - AFTER SUNSET

           On and on Isha walks alone across a white, sparse landscape, 
           heading towards a sunset fading behind distant mountains.

           MOUNTAIN SLOPES - NIGHT

           The temperature has dropped as Isha reaches the roots of the 
           mountains and scrambles up snowy rocks in blue moonlight.

           AFTER A BIT OF CLIMBING, Isha is panting and almost falls. 

           She sits on a rock to catch her breath and takes off her 
           pack. 

           Glancing around, as if worried someone might be watching, 
           Isha reaches deep into her pack and pulls out two small 
           bundles wrapped in seal hide.

           Isha considers the wraps, then puts one back. She opens the 
           other, revealing a chunk of frozen seal meat. 

           Isha gnaws on the hard, cold meat as best she can, 
           occasionally stopping because of pain in her jaw.

           The wind picks up a notch. Isha reaches into her parka and, 
           from beneath her garments, pulls out her new blanket. 

           Looking around again nervously, as if she is not supposed to 
           have the blanket, she wraps herself in it.

           She notices a rocky alcove behind her with a few scraggly 
           bushes growing within it. 

           Isha staggers into it and sits to escape the wind.

           She continues eating, looking sad and tired.
           LATER

           Isha sleeps, bundled up behind the bushes.

           The wind increases and snow blows in on her, growing steadily 
           worse until Isha wakes in the middle of a STRANGE BLIZZARD.

           Alarmed, Isha gets up and steps out of the alcove, realizing 
           the snow only seems to be attacking her!

           IMMANNA APPEARS, glowing before Isha with her hair and 
           clothes unaffected by the gale.

           Isha is unnerved, but Immanna merely smiles. 

           Immanna removes her clothes, revealing her ancient ghost-body 
           to the elements. Naked, Immanna turns and, with a wave for 
           Isha to follow, walks away into the storm and disappears.

           Isha shakes her head and backs away, but JOLTS WHEN SHE BACKS 
           INTO SOMETHING UNEXPECTED. 

           Turning, she comes face to face with a skeleton wearing 
           Immanna’s hair and clothes, frozen in the rocks behind her.

           THE SKELETON LUNGES AT HER!

           MOUNTAIN ALCOVE - NIGHT

           ISHA WAKES, still in the alcove-- the skeleton, Immanna, and 
           storm just a dream in an otherwise peaceful night.

           Calming, Isha gets up out of the shelter. 

           The landscape is still lit a beautiful blue by the moon.

           Feeling better, Isha turns, startled to find a LARGE WHITE 
           SNOW OWL perched on top of her shelter.

           The owl regards Isha then takes off with a HOOT, flying 
           further up the mountain. 

           Isha watches it fly out of sight. Thinking, she grabs her 
           pack and starts climbing after it.

           MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY

           The sun beats down surprisingly strong.

           Hot and out of breath, Isha glances up in disbelief at the 
           sun just as she reaches a high rock valley crossing to the 
           other side of the mountain.
           A SOUND drifts to Isha from that far side-- THE SOUND OF 
           SOMETHING BIG AND ROARING.

           Isha’s eyes light up and she hurries through the pass until 
           she is greeted by the sight of the mighty ocean stretching 
           out from a beach far below to the endless horizon.

           It is a breath-taking sight: 

           Just beyond a great border of ice, HUNDREDS OF KILLER WHALES 
           dive and surface among a flotilla of glaciers breaking up and 
           floating away in the surprising warmth of the new day.

           Isha takes it all in with the awed look of someone who has 
           stumbled upon an old friend she has not seen in a long time.

           Emotions swelling, Isha SINGS A BITTERSWEET SONG TO THE 
           WHALES as she makes her way down towards the beach.

           BEACH - LATER

           Exhausted and aching, Isha rests her blanket against a bolder 
           in a spot where the snow has melted to reveal rocky sand. 

           Isha sit-collapses and reaches into her pack, unexpectedly 
           finding the top half of the broken figurine Immanna gave her. 

           She stares at it a moment, then digs out the other half and 
           sets them both in the sand.

           She pulls out a last bite of seal-meat from the patty she 
           started the night before and pops it in her mouth. 

           HUMMING HER SONG, she watches the whales migrate.

           BEACH - NIGHT

           Isha sleeps against the boulder. THE SOUND OF AN ANIMAL 
           BLOWING A SPRAY OF WATER wakes her. 

           As Isha gets her bearings, SHE HEARS THE SOUND AGAIN.

           Isha stands and sees a KILLER WHALE fifty feet away, staring 
           at her just beyond the ice bordering the beach.

           Amazed, Isha steps onto the ice and approaches it, but before 
           she can reach the whale, it ducks back into the water. 

           Isha hurries to the end of the ice, but the whale is gone.

                                 IMMANNA (V.O)
                        Isha...
           Isha turns to find she is alone. But she realizes the ice has 
           detached from the beach and is making its way out to sea! 

           A POLAR BEAR sits on the shore reaching for her as if 
           beckoning her to come back.

           Isha runs to the edge of the ice but the divide is too great 
           to jump. 

           The Polar Bear ROARS and stretches out its paws, but Isha can 
           only watch as the gap widens.

           A CRACKING SOUND causes Isha to turn. 

           The ice is breaking up! The Beluga slips into a crack and 
           disappears into the dark ocean.

           Isha turns back to the beach to find the bear replaced by a 
           YOUNG MAN, just barely a boy, his face lost in shadow.

           He is dressed differently than anyone from Isha’s village and 
           beckons Isha to jump, even though the distance is impossible.

           MORE CRACKING SOUNDS EXPLODE BEHIND ISHA as the ice crumbles 
           towards her! The man-boy beckons.

           Isha is terrified but can’t jump-- it’s too far.

           The ice crumbles beneath her feet. It is only a matter of 
           time before she falls into the ocean and drowns.

           Isha closes her eyes and with no other options, leaps out 
           over the dark water towards the man-boy...

           BEACH - DAY

           Isha wakes in a panic, realizing she has again been dreaming. 
           She is still lying against the boulder, and the sun is still 
           in the sky, though it will soon set.

           She looks at the water. The whales are gone, as is the large 
           chunk of ice ringing the beach before her. Isha stares at 
           this, amazed, then hears a FAMILIAR BARKING.

           Eyes wide, Isha sees TWO SEALS frolicking not far away.

           Without taking her eyes off them, Isha grabs a good sized 
           rock and slowly stands, cringing from stiffness.

           The seals notice her and she freezes. She ventures a small 
           step in their direction. 

           The seals break for the water!
           ISHA CRIES OUT and hurls the rock as hard as she can. The 
           rock hits the sand near one and sails by without harm.

           In a panic, Isha grabs more rocks and hurls them as well, but 
           the seals disappear into the ocean.

           Breathing hard and cringing from pain in her hands and body, 
           Isha falls to her knees and stares helplessly at the water.

           A TORRENT OF ANGUISH swells inside her and ISHA SUDDENLY 
           SCREAMS and throws every rock she can at the ocean.

           She throws and SCREAMS until she collapses, defeated and 
           uncaring in the rocky sand.

           Isha cries uncontrollably, as if letting go of all the pain 
           and torment she has kept bottled up inside for so long.

           BEACH - NIGHT

           Isha walks along the beach in the moonlight, lost in thought. 

           Most of the ice has floated away now, and the rocky beach has 
           appeared again in many places, littered with driftwood.

           Using a stick now as a walking cane, she pops the last of her 
           food into her mouth and finishes it in pain-ridden bites. 

           Though dishevelled and tired, eyes puffy from tears, Isha 
           looks a little healthier for having let out her pain.

           Crossing a snowy region of beach, she happens on some tracks 
           coming out of the water.

           She stops. The tracks were made by a human hauling a kayak!

           Twenty feet from the water, the tracks indicate the kayak was 
           put on a sleigh which was pulled in the direction of the 
           cliffs behind the beach.

           Isha thinks a moment, then follows the tracks.

           CLIFFS BEHIND BEACH - LATER

           High up in the rocks, Isha climbs, out of breath. 

           She reaches a pass where the tracks cross to the far side of 
           the cliffs. With a final look back at the beach far below, 
           Isha follows the tracks through the rocks.

           ON THE FAR SIDE, she emerges to find a vast arctic wasteland 
           illuminated in blue moonlight.
           Isha searches the cliffs below, and the tundra beyond, but 
           does not see any signs of life. 

                                 IMMANNA (O.S.)
                        Isha.

           Isha spins to find Immanna GLOWING on the ocean side of the 
           pass.

           Immanna wavers slightly, her hair flowing in the air as if 
           appearing from underwater. She beckons Isha slowly as a 
           GLOWING FISH SWIMS BY HER IN MID-AIR.

           Isha backs away, shaking her head, and ALMOST FALLS OFF A 
           LEDGE.

           She turns, getting her footing, and notices the great white 
           owl from the night before perched on a rock, watching her. 

           The owl HOOTS and takes off into the night. 

           Isha reaches for it, not wanting it to go, but the owl flies 
           out over the tundra and disappears from sight.

           Isha looks disappointed, then realizes the owl was heading in 
           the direction of A SMALL FIRE BURNING OFF IN THE DISTANCE.

           Her eyes widen, amazed.

           In the darkness, THE OWL HOOTS, beckoning her.

           Isha looks back at the pass to find Immanna gone. She smiles 
           apologetically, then descends the cliff, following the owl, 
           and the fire beyond.

           ARCTIC FIELD - DAY

           Exhausted, Isha follows the mukluk and sled tracks across the 
           tundra, now wearing Eskimo sunglasses-- a strap of hide tied 
           to her face with a thin slit cut in it to see through. 

           Her feet fall heavy in the melting snow, making walking 
           difficult, but Isha keeps moving like a person possessed.

           She glances into the sky, looking for the owl.

           Isha stops suddenly and lifts her sunglasses.

           NOT FAR AHEAD are the remains of a fire sheltered against a 
           snowdrift.

           Isha hurries to the spot and inspects the area. 
           The fire has been out for hours, and the tracks continue off 
           into the snow again, heading for a line of nearby hills.

           She finds a scattering of bones in the dead coals, one in 
           particular still bearing a small mount of meat.

           Isha falls to her knees, devouring it like a starving person, 
           then digs around for other left-overs.

           SOMETHING BIG GROWLS in the direction the tracks lead.

           Isha stops chewing and surveys the landscape but doesn’t see 
           anything. She continues searching for more food.

           ANOTHER GROWL IN THE DISTANCE. Isha pauses again, thinking. 

           She throws all the bones into her pack and, fighting 
           exhaustion, uses her walking stick to get to her feet and 
           stagger off, following the tracks.

           SNOW HILL - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha follows the tracks up a low hill.

           Near the top, she hears A LARGE ANIMAL GRUNT and freezes.

           After a moment, she peeks over the hill. Below on the far 
           side, a GIANT POLAR BEAR is ravishing a hide pack, trying to 
           get its head inside.

           Next to the bear is a turned over sleigh and kayak, but no 
           sign of their owner. 

           The polar bear pulls its chewing head out of the pack and 
           looks to its left, checking on something, then saunters over 
           and inspects the kayak, nudging it with its head.

           Isha looks in the direction the bear stared and sees, hiding 
           in the rocks with a spear in his hand, TATOMATAHUN, 14, a man-
           boy resembling the figure from her dream the day before.

           BEACH - DREAM FLASHBACK

           Isha stands on the drifting ice as at the dark-faced man-boy 
           beckons her to jump.

           SNOWY HILLS - PRESENT

           Isha stares in awe at Tato. Remembering something, she digs 
           out the pendant Torna gave her of a sculpted polar bear.
           She looks again at Tato peeking anxiously at the bear from 
           behind his rock.

           The bear is busy with the kayak. Not being spied, Tato tries 
           to creep from his hiding place but the bear immediately 
           GROWLS in his direction. 

           Tato jumps back behind the rocks and closes his eyes in fear, 
           gripping his spear with white knuckles.

           The bear turns back to the kayak and flips it over with its 
           head. It pounces on the kayak, snapping it in two.

           Tato pops his head up, staring in disbelief at his busted 
           kayak. He ducks back behind the rock, shaking his head.

           Isha looks from the bear to Tato, unsure what to do. She 
           creeps around the hill in Tato’s direction.

           The bear returns to the pack, again sticking its head inside.

           Tato takes the opportunity to rise up and approach it. He 
           looks terrified but, this time, the bear does not notice him.

           Isha’s eyes go wide with worry. She shakes her head “no” but 
           is too afraid to make a noise.

           When Tato is just a few feet away, the bear pulls its head 
           from the pack, chewing something, and sees him. 

           Tato freezes as it rears up on its back legs and BELLOWS at 
           him. Tato runs for the rocks. The bear chases him!

           Fearing for the boy, Isha jumps up, YELLING and waving her 
           hands to distract the bear. 

           The bear stops and peers up at her. Tato dives behind his 
           rocks and peers up as well-- both very surprised to see her.

           The bear ROARS at Isha. 

           Sensing her own vulnerability, Isha ducks behind her hill and 
           looks around for a weapon. There is nothing.

           THE BEAR ROARS AGAIN. Isha closes her eyes, petrified. 

           The bear GROWLS, UNCERTAIN. After a long silence, Isha opens 
           her eyes. She gathers her nerves and peers over the hill.

           The bear is leaving, walking away from Tato and herself.

           Tato stares up at Isha, still shocked. He stands and watches 
           the bear leave, then looks back at Isha. She smiles.
           Tato scowls, surprising her, then mopes over to inspect the 
           remains of his pack, sleigh, and broken kayak.

           Angry, he raises his spear and SCREAMS at the bear, waving 
           and taunting for it to return.

           But the bear disappears from sight.

           Tato glares at Isha and collects his stuff, shaking his head. 

           Confused, Isha climbs down the hill. Tato avoids eye-contact.

                                 ISHA
                        Are you alright?

           Tato glances at her, annoyed, then snatches up his pack and 
           laments at a long tear in it.

           Isha notices tracks on the ground of Tato and the bear 
           sparring before Tato ran to hide in the rocks.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Did polar bear attack you, or did 
                        you attack polar bear?

           Tato looks at Isha, skeptical. She points at the tracks. Tato 
           shakes his head and goes back to inspecting his pack. 

           He dumps its contents and grabs some homemade string, and a 
           fold of hide holding a whalebone needle.

           Tato threads the needle and begins patching his pack. 

           Isha watches, not knowing what else to say or do. 

           Tato glances at her again and she tries to show compassion on 
           her tired face. Tato rolls his eyes.

                                 TATO
                           (in Attopa; another Inuit 
                            dialect)
                        I do not understand your dialect. 
                        Do you speak Attopa?

           Isha is confused by his language.

                                 ISHA
                           (in Manpichu)
                        Excuse me? Do you speak Manpichu?

           Tato stands and sticks out his chest, trying to look bold and 
           defiant rather than just impatient.
                                 TATO
                           (in Attopa)
                        I am Attopa. Do you speak Attopa?

           Isha stares, not comprehending. She shakes her head.

           Tato throws up his hands and goes back to his pack. Isha 
           looks around, frustrated. She finally points at herself.

                                 ISHA
                           (in Manpichu)
                        I am Isha.

           Tato glances at her like someone tolerating an extremely 
           annoying person. Isha points at herself again.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Isha.

           Understanding, Tato’s impatience breaks a little. He stands 
           and points at himself, puffing out his chest.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun.

           He nods with import and sits back down, continuing his pack 
           repairs. Isha smiles, having come to know the male ego.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun.

           Tato nods, looking skeptical of her smile. Isha glances 
           around, thinking again. She points at the bear tracks.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Great White Bear?

           Tato takes an impatient breath and points in the direction 
           the bear went.

                                 TATO
                        Uk-thluk.

           Isha makes a questioning face, still pointing at the tracks.

                                 ISHA
                        Uk-thluk?

           Tato nods. Isha smiles. Tato stands and points at himself, 
           acting out his words:
                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun hunt great Uk-thluk. 
                        Tatomatahun kill great Uk-thluk. 
                        Tatomatahun becomes a man.

           He goes back to fixing his pack, throwing her wary glances.

           Isha nods, getting the main gist, then notices the way he is 
           sewing his pack. She shakes her head and steps towards him.

                                 ISHA
                        No, no, no. That will never last.

           Tato jumps into a startled, defensive position. Isha freezes.

           She offers a shy smile and approaches slow, holding out her 
           hands in an unaggressive manner.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        It’s alright. I only want to help.

           Tato is confused by her intent, but Isha carefully grabs the 
           pack and needle from him.

           Tato looks incredulous of her gall, but lets her take them.

           Isha shows him a better way to sew his pack together, biting 
           back the pain in her hands.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        You see? Like this. You need to 
                        loop it...

           Isha continues working, cringing. 

           Tato notices how much superior her sewing is to the way he 
           was doing it. He repeats her words in her dialect:

                                 TATO
                           (in Manpichu)
                        “Loop it?”

           Isha smiles and nods. Tato nods, pleased with himself, and 
           walks over to inspect his sleigh.

           He uprights it and checks a cracked runner. He shakes his 
           head and looks at his busted-beyond-repair kayak.

           Isha glances around at the caribou bones the bear scattered 
           from Tato’s pack. She points at them.

                                 ISHA
                        Do you have any other food left?
           Tato does not understand.

           Isha points at her mouth and belly, then the bones again.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Food? Do you have any other food?

           Tato picks up a disgusting mass of meat left by the bear. He 
           grimaces and shakes his head.

           Isha nods, disappointed. She peeks at some spears lying by 
           his sled, but seeing him notice, focuses on his pack again.

           Tato frowns. He surveys the landscape, especially the 
           direction of the bear, then looks at all the scattered food.

           Knowing he’s being manipulated, Tato snatches up a big spear 
           and smaller bird-spear.

           He stares at Isha working on his pack and nods, accepting her 
           work on it. He points at himself, then out at the wilderness.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun will go find food. If I 
                        find some, I will share it with 
                        Isha for helping with pack.

           Tato heads off in the opposite direction of the bear. Isha 
           does not understand his words, but seeing his belongings 
           still around her, figures out his meaning and smiles.

           EXT. SHELTER IN HILLS - NIGHT

           Sheltered among the rocks, Isha sleeps while Tato cooks a 
           rabbit over the fire. Beside the fire is a pile of brush and 
           the remains of Tato’s kayak. 

           The sleigh lays nearby, with the fresh rabbit hide stretched 
           over it to dry. Tato checks the meat and nods.

                                 TATO
                        Isha. Food.

           Tato cuts the rabbit on a flat rock with a stone knife.

           Isha opens her eyes and Tato hands her some meat. He lifts 
           his own piece to eat but Isha stops him.

                                 ISHA
                        Ut-ut-ut-ut!

           Tato looks at her confused.
           Isha throws a small piece of her meat into the fire, then 
           takes some ash and tosses it into the wind.

           Tato is shocked by the waste of food. 

           Isha smiles shyly and, with a grateful nod at Tato, devours 
           her meat. Tato shakes his head and eats as well.

           Isha makes a pleased face at the taste of the food. Tato 
           nods, not surprised, and sits back against a rock. 

           He grabs a rabbit leg and invites Isha to take more. Isha 
           nods in appreciation and grabs more meat.

           They eat in silence. Tato grabs his pack and inspects Isha’s 
           work, looking impressed.

                                 TATO
                        Good. Very good.

           Isha nods, understanding. She grabs a huge chunk of rabbit 
           and devours it, savoring every bite, even with pain in her 
           jaw, until she realizes what a pig she is being.

           Embarrassed, she covers her mouth with one hand, and points 
           at it with the other, repeating Tato’s word.

                                 ISHA
                           (in Tato’s Attopa)
                        Good.

           Tato smiles, finding humor in this.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (Attopa)
                        Very good!

           Tato LAUGHS then notices the fire is dying. He throws a piece 
           of his kayak on it and his momentary happiness disappears as 
           he watches it burn. Isha notices this and feels for him.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        I am sorry. About your kayak.

           Tato looks at her confused and Isha puts a hand over her 
           heart and opens it towards him in a gesture of sorrow.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        I am sorry.

           She points at the kayak and Tato nods, getting her meaning. 
           He shakes his head in anger, but not at her.
                                 TATO
                        Uk-thluk.

           Tato grabs more meat and stares at the fire as he eats, 
           growing introspective. Isha watches him, thinking.

                                 ISHA
                        Was Tatomatahun hunting Uk-thluk or 
                        did Uk-thluk hunt Tatomatahun?

           Tato looks at her, not comprehending. Isha points at him and 
           motions like she is attacking something with a spear.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Did Tatomatahun attack Uk-thluk?

           Tato becomes briefly embarrassed then nods, puffing himself 
           up like the answer should be self-evident.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun hunt Uk-thluk!

           He snatches a piece of meat and turns away from her, staring 
           angrily at the fire.

           Isha nods, starting to understand.

           SHELTER IN HILLS - MORNING

           Isha awakens, wrapped in her blanket, beside the remains of 
           the fire. She sits up, stiff, to find Tato gone, along with 
           is his sleigh and belongings.

           She looks around, disappointed.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun?

           ARCTIC FIELD - LATER

           Wearing her sunglasses again, Isha follows Tato’s tracks.

           Due to the strong sun, her feet keep sinking in the snow, 
           making progress difficult, but she continues onward.

           Tato’s tracks overtake polar bear tracks. Isha follows both.

           LATER

           ISHA sees a FIGURE in the distance hunched over and watching 
           something at the edge of a snowdrift. Tato!
           Excited, she hurries.

           FIFTY FEET AWAY, Tato sees her coming. He does not look 
           pleased and turns back to look over the drift. 

           When close, Tato motions for her to get low and be quiet. 

           Isha creeps up beside Tato, then peers over the drift.

           BELOW ON THE FAR SIDE, the giant Polar Bear frolics in a 
           wide, icy stream, seeming to be both washing himself and 
           playing, unaware of their presence.

           Isha notices how tightly Tato grips his big spear, obviously 
           battling some inner turmoil.

           The bear climbs out of the stream on the opposite side and 
           saunters away, shaking water from its fur.

           Tato draws in a deep breath and summons his strength, about 
           to leap up and attack...

           ...but ultimately does nothing. Just watches the bear leave, 
           his chest deflating with his courage.

           Tato hangs his head in defeat and shame.

           Isha stares at him, sympathetic.

           ARCTIC FIELD - NIGHT

           Sitting on skins against a large rock serving as their only 
           shelter, Isha blocks the wind for Tato as he tries to light a 
           fire with two pieces of flint and some wood shavings.

           When the shavings ignite, Tato throws some leaves and brush 
           on them. Soon they have a roaring little fire.

           Tato sits back, watching it, then spots Isha staring at him.

                                 ISHA
                        Uk-thluk. Why?

           Isha points at his spear in puzzlement. 

           Tato seems to understand but does not want to answer. He 
           stares at the fire as Isha watches him.

           Exasperated, he leans over and draws stick figures in the 
           snow of a man, a woman, and a child. 

           He points at the...
                                 TATO
                        Man.

           Tato raises his hand high to show the height and the stature 
           of a man. Isha nods and Tato points at the woman and Isha.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Woman.

           Isha nods and smiles, comprehending. 

           Tato points at the drawing of the child.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Boy.

           He points at himself.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun. Boy.

           Isha nods, her smile fading. 

           Tato draws a polar bear beside the boy, then a spear in the 
           boy’s hand extending into the bear. 

           Tato crosses out the bear and draws a man beside it. He 
           points from the boy to the man.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun. Man.

           Isha nods, getting it. Tato must kill a polar bear so he can 
           return to his community as a man. 

           Tato turns back to the fire. Isha watches him, noting the 
           fear and worry in his eyes.

           ARCTIC FIELD - DAWN

           Isha wakes to THE SOUND OF TATO CRYING.

           Sitting up, she finds him standing at the drift where they 
           overlooked the bear.

           He is holding his big spear and the reigns to his packed 
           sleigh, but he does not move.

           Isha gets up and approaches him. 

           Hearing her come, Tato wipes his eyes. Isha puts a hand on 
           his shoulder and he tears up again.
           ICY STREAM - LATER

           Isha and Tato climb down a rocky slope to the stream the bear 
           was frolicking in the day before. 

           Bear tracks still remain, leading to the horizon.

           Isha and Tato look for a place to cross. 

           Not too far away, several chunks of ice have piled against 
           one another, creating a possible bridge across the water.

           Tato inspects it but the “bridge” looks more perilous than 
           expected. The ice seems likely to break up if disturbed.

           Isha gazes downstream, but sees no other place to cross. 

           Tato tests an ice slab with his foot and steps onto it. 

           THE ICE SQUEALS AS IT SCRAPES AGAINST OTHER SLABS! 

           Isha cringes with concern but the ice holds. Isha shakes her 
           head at him, not liking this idea.

           Tato grins and takes another tentative step, then another. 
           When nothing happens, he pulls his sleigh up onto the ice.

           Isha can hardly watch, but the ice holds as Tato creeps to 
           where his ice chunk meets with two others.

           He considers the two paths before him: One ice chunk tilts at 
           a dangerous angle, the other at a safer angle, but ends two 
           feet from the far side of the stream.

           Tato puts a foot onto the latter ice. It seems stable enough.

           He takes a deep breath and steps fully onto it.

           Isha watches on pins and needles as Tato proceeds forward 
           holding his spear out for balance.

           He slowly pulls his sled onto the new ice and it miraculously 
           holds without slipping.

           Tato smiles big-time at Isha and takes another step.

           THE ICE INSTANTLY SINKS INTO THE WATER BENEATH HIS FEET, 
           SLIDING HIS SLEIGH TOWARDS HIM FROM BEHIND. 

           Isha’s eyes widen with fear.

                                 ISHA
                        TATO!
           Thinking quick, Tato runs forward as best he can, pulling his 
           sleigh with him, and leaps from the ice.

           He lands on the far side but slips, letting go of the sleigh 
           reigns. 

           The sleigh slides sideways on the ice until one runner falls 
           over the side and threatens to topple into the water.

           Tato reaches for the dropped reigns with his spear, but the 
           sleigh tips and falls into the water, bobbing briefly before 
           sinking beneath the icy depths.

           Tato’s pack momentarily floats to the surface. Before it 
           disappears, he snags it with his spear.

           Isha stares at Tato in a disapproving, “I told you so” way.

           Tato frowns and waves for her to follow. Isha looks at him 
           like he is crazy. Tato points at the bear tracks in an 
           impatient manner and waves again. 

           Isha looks around for help but there is none to find.

           With a shake of her head, Isha makes sure her pack is secure 
           on her back and puts a tentative foot onto the first ice 
           chunk. It still seems sturdy enough.

           Tato nods at her. Holding back anger, Isha carefully steps 
           onto the ice, cringing from pain in her thigh. The ice holds.

           Isha studies the short, slippery distance she has to cross to 
           the next block. Taking a deep breath, she puts her arms out 
           for balance and creeps forward, one foot after another.

           She reaches the middle of the stream where her ice block 
           pushes against the other two.

           Tato waves her on, a strange mixture of concern, excitement 
           and admiration on his face.

           Despite her fear, Isha is touched by his attention.

           She studies the two paths before her. With the one block 
           still too steep, she steps onto the ice Tato chose.

           ISHA SLIPS! But manages to right herself at the last minute, 
           grimacing with pain as she stabilizes herself.

           But the jolt causes the block to slip from the others and bob 
           loosely in the water, threatening to flip!

           Isha stands frozen, trying to maintain balance. Tato’s eyes 
           mirror the fear in her own.
           He waves for Isha to keep coming but Isha shakes her head and 
           closes her eyes in panic.

                                 TATO
                        Isha! You must hurry!

           Isha shakes her head and will not open her eyes.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Isha!

           BEACH - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

           Isha opens her eyes to find herself floating out to sea on 
           ice as the polar bear beckons her to jump from the beach.

           The polar bear turns into the dark-faced man-boy.

           Isha watches amazed as the man-boy’s face becomes visible, 
           revealing himself to be Tato.

                                 TATO (O.S.)
                        Isha!

           STREAM - DAY - END FLASHBACK

           Isha opens her eyes and looks at Tato waving for her to jump.

           Behind Tato, off in the distance, she notices a bird flying 
           in a circle as if calling her as well. 

           A LARGE WHITE OWL.

                                 TATO
                        Isha, jump!

           Isha smiles at Tato, becoming calm. It takes him off guard.

           Maintaining eye contact with Tato, Isha puts her arms down 
           and, summoning her courage, breaks into a RUN.

           Tato’s eyes widen as Isha bolts across the ice. 

           With each step, the ice rears up dangerously beneath her 
           feet, but somehow she keeps finding her footing until, at the 
           end of the block, Isha leaps off looking bold and beautiful.

           Tato catches her as she barely reaches the stream edge, and 
           pulls her forward, both collapsing to the ground.

           CRACK! The two turn back as the ice blocks dislodge from one 
           another and float away, making retreat impossible.
           Isha looks at Tato and sees newfound respect in his eyes. She 
           smiles and looks to the sky but the owl is gone.

           Isha stands, with Tato’s help, and proceeds off in the 
           direction of the bear.

           Tato watches her a moment, still amazed, then follows.

           VAST ARCTIC FIELD - DAY

           Isha and Tato follow the tracks across a desert of snow.

           LATER

           They sit in the middle of nowhere eating the last of their 
           meat. Tato keeps glancing at Isha, studying her like he wants 
           to ask something. Finally:

                                 TATO
                        Why are you out here alone, Isha?

           Isha does not understand.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you have a family somewhere?

           Isha shakes her head, still not getting it. 

           Frustrated, he draws a picture like his last one-- of a boy, 
           a man, and a woman. He circles all three.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Family.

           Isha nods, understanding. Tato circles the drawing once more 
           and points at her.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Family?

           Isha thinks a moment then draws, within the family circle, an 
           old woman with a walking stick. She points at herself.

           Tato nods.

           Isha makes sewing motions, and points at her clothes and the 
           little drawn family.

           Tato nods again, understanding Isha’s place in the family.

           Isha grimaces and crinkles her hands into claws. She grabs 
           her jaw in pain, and shakes her head.
           With a stony face, she draws an arrow leading from her image 
           inside the circle to outside the circle. 

           She shows Tato her clawed, shaking hands and draws the arrow 
           again, underlining the significance of why she was exiled.

           Isha draws the picture of herself as the Old Woman outside 
           the circle now, and crosses out her image inside the circle.

           Tato looks horrified. He points at their surroundings, and 
           pantomimes dying-- “but you’ll die out here all alone!”

           His pantomime is unintentionally comical, making Isha smile 
           before nodding soberly-- “yes, that is the point of it.”

           Isha crosses out the Old Woman outside the circle. 

           Tato shakes his head and points at himself.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        With my people...

           Tato circles all the family members again, including the Old 
           Woman Isha has crossed out. He points at himself again and 
           the large, inclusive circle.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Family.

           He nods with import and Isha nods back with a sad smile.

           Tato makes a clawed hand and a pushing away motion while 
           shaking his head. He points at Isha and the Old Woman image-- 
           his people would never do this because someone is feeble.

           He instead reaches for Isha and makes a pulling, hugging 
           motion towards himself.

           Isha nods and shrugs-- “yeah, well, what’re you gonna do?” 

           She waves in dismissive fashion at the drawings, but as she 
           eats her food, Tato notes her sadness return.

           TUNDRA - LATER

           Isha and Tato follow the bear tracks while SINGING A SIMPLE 
           SONG TOGETHER WITH A LOT OF HUMMING IN IT. They each know the 
           tune until Tato makes a mistake.

           Isha laughs and REPEATS THE CORRECT WORDS. 

           Tato nods, acknowledging his mistake. THEY SING AGAIN and 
           Tato smiles as they pass the part where he erred.
           Climbing a low rise, Isha freezes, noticing something ahead.

           Tato climbs up beside her to discover a massive herd of 
           reindeer rummaging not far ahead in the snow.

           Isha and Tato squat. Isha nods at Tato who creeps off, 
           excited, in a swift loop towards the reindeer. 

           Tato moves too fast, however. Isha cringes and waves for him 
           to slow down, but he does not look back.

           Sure enough, one reindeer spots Tato coming. Tato dives 
           behind a snowdrift AS ALL THE REINDEER raise their heads.

           When Tato pops his head up again to check on them, they take 
           off like STOMPING THUNDER in the opposite direction.

           Tato yells in dismay, and launches his spear in desperation 
           at the receding animals, but he does not come close. 

           The reindeer fade to little brown dots in the distance.

           Isha shakes her head at Tato in disapproval and continues on, 
           following the bear tracks.

           Head bowed, Tato retrieves his fruitless spear.

           ROCKY FIELD - NIGHT

           In a rocky area where the snow has disappeared around some 
           boulders, Isha sits before a small fire, fueling it with 
           smoking grasses and thin shrubbery. 

           She watches Tato throw his spear at a snowman from a 
           respectable distance. 

           He scores a direct hit to the snowman’s chest, toppling it, 
           and raises his arms in triumph.

           Isha nods, acknowledging his good aim, but puts up a halting 
           finger. She painfully gets up and, indicating for Tato to pay 
           attention, creeps to him in a stealthy manner. 

           Tato knows what she is doing and nods, embarrassed.

           Isha shakes her head and stomps through the snow making big 
           movements and A LOT OF NOISE. Tato nods again.

           Isha smiles and grabs his spear for him, giving it back to 
           him in an impressed, encouraging manner.
                                 ISHA
                           (in choppy Attopa)
                        Good, Tatomatahun. Good.

           Tato smiles at her approval, and use of his language, until 
           HIS STOMACH GROWLS. 

           Isha raises a sober eyebrow at him and returns to the fire.

           Tato looks around, thinking.

           A look of determination grows in his eyes. Gripping his spear 
           with sudden purpose, Tato runs off into the night. 

           Isha watches him go, then grins at the fire.

           ROCKY FIELD - MORNING

           Isha awakens to the sound of SOMETHING CRACKLING. 

           She turns to find Tato cooking several ptarmigans (birds) 
           over the fire with his spear.

           Tato smiles and creeps along the ground as Isha had 
           instructed, then points at the three ptarmigans.

           Isha smiles with delight.

           ARCTIC FIELD - LATER

           The temperature has dropped. Isha and Tato are bundled up as 
           they follow the bear tracks, glancing with concern at the 
           dark clouds moving in above.

           They come to an overhang where the tracks run down a steep 
           incline then cross a short expanse to an ice cave.

           Numerous tracks to and from the cave tells them they have 
           found the bear’s home. Most of the tracks lead around the 
           incline to the left, and out of sight.

           Isha notes the fear returning to Tato’s eyes-- the look of 
           someone who has stumbled upon the lair of a mortal enemy.

           Tato removes his pack extra slow, trying to delay the 
           inevitable, and sets it in the snow.

           He checks his spear, and the stone knife on his belt, then 
           looks at Isha. A swallow catches in his throat.

           Isha opens her mouth, but closes it again-- not knowing what 
           to say, nor how to even say it. 
           Tato smiles, understanding, and with a “here goes nothing” 
           look, creeps down the incline.

           Isha watches him go, growing nervous. Finally:

                                 ISHA
                           (loud whisper)
                        Tato!

           Tato peers back from halfway down the incline. 

           Isha motions for him to come back up. She throws a dismissive 
           wave at the cave and offers an embarrassed half-smile.

           Tato considers going back up, but instead returns her half-
           smile and creeps down the rest of the incline.

           Isha looks as scared as Tato as he approaches the cave, 
           glancing everywhere, ready for an ambush at any moment.

           He slows down, little by little, until his fear wins out and 
           he stops ten feet from the cave.

           Isha’s eyes widen, nervous Tato has seen or heard something.

           Nothing happens for a long time-- Tato just stands frozen, 
           staring at the cave as a COLD WIND BLOWS.

           AN OWL HOOTS SOMEWHERE ABOVE, and Tato’s paralysis breaks.

           HE RUNS, PETRIFIED, to the side of the cave, pressing his 
           back against the ice and closing his eyes.

           Isha watches, anxious. Tato shakes his head, but it is hard 
           to tell if this is fear or anger at himself.

           He looks very much like a boy again and Isha’s heart goes out 
           to him. She looks around but doesn’t know what to do.

           Snow falls and Isha looks at the sky.

           High above, she spots the white owl flying. ANOTHER HOOT 
           reaches her on the WIND.

           The strange calmness returns to her, and she looks at Tato 
           mouthing a prayer of some kind.

           With a determined look, Isha drops her pack and descends.

           HEARING SOMETHING APPROACH IN THE SNOW, Tato opens his eyes 
           in a panic and is shocked to see Isha heading for the cave.

           Isha points at Tato in a way that says “you stay right 
           there,” then DISAPPEARS INSIDE.
           Tato’s surprise melts to indignation. He peeks...

           INSIDE THE CAVE

           Isha creeps down a long corridor of rock and ice toward a 
           GLOWING BLUE LIGHT. 

           She notes animal bones all over the floor. A FOX SKULL 
           EXPLODES WITH A CRUNCH BENEATH HER FOOT and she freezes.

           OUTSIDE, Tato nervously grabs his head.

           INSIDE, nothing happens. Isha creeps forward again.

           She reaches the end of the corridor and presses her back 
           against the wall, bracing herself. 

           Isha sees Tato peering at her from outside, eyes wide.

           She summons her courage and peeks around the wall at a 

           VAST CAVERN, lit by a wall of ice on one side that GLOWS 
           BRIGHT BLUE IN THE FADING DAYLIGHT.

           In the center, snowflakes, illuminated by a thin shaft of 
           light, twinkle down from a hole in the ceiling.

           Hundreds of bones lie everywhere, as do several big pieces of 
           driftwood that must have been carried in by humans long ago. 

           Scraggy bushes and spiny vegetation grow here and there.

           And in the back of the cavern, against the glowing ice wall, 
           is a clearing of dried grasses where the bear must sleep.

           But there is no sign of the bear.

           Relieved, Isha looks back at Tato watching with bated breath.

           Isha smiles and notices snow falling behind him.

           Making up her mind about something, she walks back... 

           OUTSIDE

           Tato stares dumbfounded as Isha scrambles back up the incline 
           and grabs their packs.

           She returns, pointing up as she walks back into the cave.

                                 ISHA
                        It’s snowing out.
           Tato gazes after her in disbelief.

           He looks up at the falling snow then checks the direction the 
           bear tracks lead. With a sigh, he enters the cave.

           INSIDE THE CORRIDOR

           Tato walks slow, noting the bones-- spear at the ready.

           At the end, he peeks around the wall.

           BLUE-LIT CAVERN

           Tato’s eyes widen, finding Isha digging through his pack on 
           the bear’s straw bed.

           She retrieves his flint rocks and holds them out to him as 
           she walks over to the light shaft. 

           Snow still filters down from the hole above. Isha stands in 
           an area where it does not fall.

                                 ISHA
                        Here. Make fire.

           Isha points at the ground then up at the ceiling.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Smoke go up through hole.

           Tato points at the bear’s bed and the corridor behind him.

                                 TATO
                        Uk-thluk?!

           Isha does not appear worried.

                                 ISHA
                        Make Fire. Keep Uk-thluk away.

           Isha sparks the flints together and makes running away 
           motions with her fingers. She then drops the flints and waves 
           her hands in pain from the pantomime she just did. 

           Tato frowns. Isha gathers fuel as best she can for a fire.

           Tato looks out of the cave where there is only swirling snow. 

           Shaking his head, he walks over and stands over the flint 
           rocks like a pouting child. 
           He catches Isha glance at him as she bends to grab some 
           twigs. He puffs himself up, perturbed.

                                 TATO
                        Isha!

           Tato points at himself and makes an attacking motion like he 
           is throwing his spear.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun, hunter! Kill Uk-thluk.

           He acts out killing a bear to get his message across.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Not Isha! Isha no hunt Uk-thluk!

           He points at her, shaking his head, then snatches up his 
           flint rocks. He frowns at them, then looks around for 
           kindling, avoiding her gaze.

           Isha watches him, understanding her interference in his bear 
           hunt has insulted him, even if she was only trying to help.

           LATER

           Isha and Tato sit around a fire, the smoke indeed rising up 
           through the hole above. 

           Snow still falls from the hole, but lands behind them on the 
           opposite side of a great driftwood log they have dragged over 
           to sit against.

           Another log has been dragged over so that one end protrudes 
           into the fire, burning nicely. 

           As they sit, Tato rubs one of his mukluks with a broad blunt 
           stick, trying to soften it up. Isha watches.

           She looks at her old, useless hands. Tato notices, looking 
           like he again wants to ask her something he doesn’t know how.

           He finally leans over and draws a little boy, a man and a 
           woman in some sand between them. He circles the man and 
           woman, and points at the woman.

                                 TATO
                        Isha.

           Isha nods. Looking inquisitive, Tato points at the man next 
           to the woman.
           Isha smiles at the innocence of his inquiry but shakes her 
           head. She crosses out the man and tilts her head to the side 
           with her tongue hanging out, indicating her husband has died.

           Tato points at the boy.

           Isha nods and puts up three fingers-- she had three children. 
           But she closes two fingers, revealing only one is alive.

           She leans over and draws a man next to the boy, then an arrow 
           from the boy to the man, and crosses out the boy.

           Tato nods, understanding her surviving son has grown up.

           Isha draws a little girl next to the man-- a granddaughter.

                                 ISHA
                        Choko.

           Tato smiles.

           But Isha becomes sad, looking at the drawing of Choko, and 
           pushes the thoughts away.

           She draws a picture of a boy and a girl. Circling them, she 
           points at the girl and looks at Tato.

           Tato blushes and shakes his head. He focuses on his mukluk.

           Isha smiles, then notices Tato is sporting an erection under 
           his clothes. 

           Her eyes widen, but when Tato looks at her again she acts 
           like she has not noticed anything and grabs his other mukluk.

           She digs through the firewood and finds a blunt stick. Isha 
           rubs his mukluk, even though it obviously hurts her hands.

           Tato is touched but stops her. He makes his hand into a claw 
           and shakes his head, indicating he doesn’t want her hurting 
           herself to help him.

           Isha waves him off and continues working, pain and all. Tato 
           smiles and works on his own mukluk.

           When he thinks Isha is not looking, he shifts himself to hide 
           his erection.

           Isha sees from the corner of her eye and hides a smile.

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Tato wakes to the SOUND OF BONES RATTLING.
           Remembering where he is, he jumps up with a start and 
           snatches his spear.

           The cavern is lit blue again from daylight pouring through 
           the ice wall, but there is no sign of a bear, nor Isha.

                                 TATO
                        Isha?

           RATTLING BONES ANSWER from the corridor leading out of the 
           cave. Tato notices a formless shadow moving in it.

           Nervous, Tato creeps toward it, holding his spear ready.

           Summoning his courage, he peeks INTO THE CORRIDOR...

           ...to find Isha picking up bones as she cleans the cave.

           He lets out a sigh of relief.

           Seeing him awake, Isha smiles nonchalantly and drops an 
           armful of bones on a pile against one wall.

                                 ISHA
                           (in Manpichu)
                        Good morning, Tato.

           Tato half-smiles back, embarrassed he was spooked by her.

                                 TATO
                           (in Attopa)
                        Good morning.

           Isha tilts her head, his way of saying “good morning” very 
           similar to her own.

                                 ISHA
                           (imitating Attopa)
                        Good morning?

           She indicates the sun outside, and Tato nods.

                                 TATO
                           (in Attopa)
                        Good morning.

           Isha looks pleased. Points at herself.

                                 ISHA
                           (in Manpichu)
                        Good MOR-ning.

           Tato nods, hearing the difference. 
           Noticing something at Tato’s feet, she walks over and picks 
           up a large walrus skull. Fresher than many other skulls, it 
           still has the lower jaw attached by dried, shriveled muscle.

           Excited, she shows it to a confused Tato.

           Isha carries the skull to the cave’s entrance where the snow 
           has risen three feet overnight.

           Isha places the skull on top of a small pyramid of skulls she 
           has erected on the left side of the entrance. 

           Tato looks concerned by the pile. Isha laughs.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Uk-thluk...

           Isha puts clawed hands in the air and acts like a polar bear. 
           She pretends to see the skulls and become scared.

           She makes a walking away gesture with her fingers.

           Tato is skeptical and Isha invites him to inspect the pile.

           Tato steps closer, not liking it. Smelling something odd he 
           notices the snow around the skulls is yellow.

           He looks at Isha, who nods and points at her groin.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Urine.

           She smiles and points from his groin to the pile.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        You do too. Go urine. No Uk-thluk.

           She waves him on, then disappears into the cave.

           Tato watches her go like she’s gone mad, then looks out at 
           the freshly fallen snow. The bear tracks are all gone-- the 
           world outside seems pristine and new.

           Tato glances back at the skulls. Shaking his head, he makes 
           sure Isha is not around and drops the front of his pants.

           He relieves himself on the skulls just as Isha appears again.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato...

           Tato jumps, turning away in anger and embarrassment.
                                 TATO
                        Hey, hey!

           Isha stops, surprised and amused. His repeated looks over his 
           shoulder to see what she is doing only fans her humor.

           Isha reveals she has found an exotic whalebone spearhead, 
           carved in a beautiful, intricate way.

           Tato finishes and, forgetting his anger, sets his own spear 
           down and takes the large spearhead from her.

           He inspects it, amazed. Isha points at a particular seal 
           skull in the pyramid with a large hole in it.

           Tato nods, impressed.

                                 ISHA
                        Now...

           Isha takes back the spearhead, hands Tato his spear, and 
           points at his feet.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        ...get dressed. Go hunting. Food.

           Isha indicates “dressed”, “hunting”, and “food” with 
           pantomimes, and strolls back down the corridor. 

           Tato frowns, not pleased to be parted with the spearhead.

           He looks out of the cave and his anxiety returns.

           Isha brings his mukluks, parka, pack and knife and bends at 
           his feet to help get him dressed. Embarrassed, Tato lifts his 
           foot to allow Isha to put one of his mukluks on.

           Because of pain in her shaking hands, however, she cannot 
           fully do this task, so Tato bends and finishes for her.

           Isha helps Tato put on his parka, cringing the whole time, 
           and hands him his pack and knife. 

           Dressed, Tato looks at Isha. Standing so close, the two share 
           an awkward moment before Isha steps back and waves him off.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Go my son. Hunt with honor.

           Tato nods, getting her gist.

           Grabbing his spear, and slinging his pack over his shoulder, 
           he takes a deep breath and walks out of the cave.
           He only gets a few feet before stopping, nervous again.

           Isha gets an idea.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato...

           Tato watches, confused, as Isha grabs a fox skull from the 
           pile and carries it to him, shaking the urine off it. 

           She puts the skull into his pack and pats it there. Tato 
           stares at her in confusion and disgust.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Uk-thluk.

           Isha smiles and disappears back into the cave. Tato looks at 
           his pack and shakes his head.

           He peers in the direction the bear tracks lead before the 
           snow covered them, then heads the opposite direction.

           ARCTIC FIELD - LATER

           Tato staggers along, hot and tired. From the tracks behind 
           him, he has travelled a great distance.

           He stops and sits for a rest, scooping up snow to eat. He 
           checks the sun’s position in the sky and shakes his head, 
           disappointed.

           The landscape is empty in all directions.

           Frustrated, he lays back in the snow and stretches out his 
           arms and legs as he blankly stares at the sky.

           LATER

           Tato walks even further out, looking even more tired as he 
           eats dried ptarmigan. The sun is on its way back down the sky 
           and there is still no sign of food anywhere.

           He stops and gazes at the distance he’s crossed. Glancing 
           around, trying to figure out what to do, he finally hangs his 
           head in defeat and starts back, following his own tracks.

           LATER

           Tato passes a snow angel marking where he stopped earlier to 
           lay in the snow. He does not even glance at it.
           SNOW HILL - SUNSET

           Tato travels along an incline that is steepening into the big 
           hill where the caves lies, not far ahead.

           Crestfallen, he still stares around for any signs of food but 
           the situation looks hopeless.

           A BLUR OF MOVEMENT AT THE TOP OF THE HILL causes him to 
           freeze. He waits, not moving a muscle.

           It happens again! Something furry and white is up there, but 
           the glimpse was too quick to see what it was-- rabbit? Fox? 
           Paw of a frolicking polar bear?

           Tato creeps up the incline, careful to stay low and quiet.

           Near the top, two foxes suddenly appear-- the blur culprits!

           Tato ducks, excited, but the foxes take no notice of him, 
           spooked by something on top of the incline.

           Tato raises his spear. 

           The foxes bolt, one speeding away from Tato down the hill, 
           the other running straight at him, too unnerved by something 
           behind it to even care he is there. 

           Tato launches his spear, striking the fox dead before it 
           reaches him! He smiles, triumphant. 

           RUMBLE! TATO HEARS THE POUNDING OF MANY APPROACHING PAWS AT 
           THE TOP OF THE INCLINE AND HIS SMILE FADES.

           Looking up, his eyes widen as five wolves pour over the hill 
           in pursuit of the foxes.

           Three wolves chase after the escaping fox, but two come after 
           his and, finding Tato there, immediately BARK and circle him.

           Tato grabs his knife and turns with the wolves, maintaining 
           eye contact as best he can. 

           He tries to grab his spear, BUT ONE OF THE WOLVES CHARGES!

           Tato falls back, spilling his backpack and swinging his knife 
           at the wolf, clipping it’s nose!

           THE WOLF SHRIEKS and takes off after the other fox.

           The other wolf remains, BARKING FIERCELY AT TATO. 
           Tato backs away, still on the ground, and the wolf charges, 
           but stops at the fox, sniffing it. The wolf opens its mouth 
           to grab the fox, but Tato YELLS.

           THE WOLF ERUPTS ANOTHER BARRAGE OF VICIOUS BARKS and, moving 
           quicker than expected, charges forward, right on top of Tato!

           Tato freezes as it creeps forward, GROWLING OMINOUSLY and 
           sniffing up his leg.

           Tato is petrified as the wolf reaches his abdomen.

           It suddenly stops, spooked by something.

           The wolf sniffs down beneath Tato’s body to his open pack.

           IT MAKES A NERVOUS WHINE.

           The wolf backs away a few feet and EXPLODES WITH BARKS.

           Tato cringes, petrified. The wolf turns and races off after 
           the rest of his pack.

           Tato lays there a moment catching his breath, then moves, 
           confused, to see what spooked the wolf. 

           There in the snow, among the things that fell from his pack, 
           is the urine-soaked fox skull Isha had placed there.

           Tato picks it up and stares at it, amazed.

           EXT. CAVE - DUSK

           Tato arrives back carrying the dead fox in one hand and the 
           fox skull in the other. 

           He sees no bear (or wolf) tracks anywhere and smiles at 
           Isha’s skull pyramid. 

           He glances where the bear tracks lead before the snow covered 
           them and, seeing nothing, enters the cave in good spirits.

           INSIDE THE CAVE

           Tato finds all the bones have been piled in one corner, and 
           all wood and fuel stacked besides a small crackling fire.

           Tending the fire, Isha claps when she sees Tato and his fox. 

           Tato holds up the fox skull and kisses it. Isha smiles.
           LATER THAT NIGHT

           Isha and Tato sit around the fire, eating.

           The fox’s fur and strips of meat are stretched on a driftwood 
           log behind them. 

           A melting snow pile in a far corner reveals various innards 
           buried there to keep fresh.

           As they eat, Isha and Tato communicate in the sand between 
           them. From the wolf drawings, and lone figure facing them, 
           it’s obvious Tato has been telling the story of his hunt.

           Tato suddenly BARKS at Isha, startling her into LAUGHTER.

           Tato creeps towards her like a powerful, prowling wolf, 
           looking Isha in the eyes and smiling in a cocky way. 

           He sniffs her foot then works his way up her leg, the action 
           strangely erotic.

           Isha stiffens, caught-off-guard. When Tato reaches her upper 
           thigh, his head very close to her breasts, he stops to look 
           at them, momentarily forgetting what he is doing.

           After an awkward silence, Tato sits up straight, producing 
           the fox skull from behind him and acting surprised.

           He stands and runs away, pretending to be a wolf again. Isha 
           LAUGHS and claps at his humorous ending. 

           Tato runs back, smiling, and sits beside her, eating more.

                                 ISHA
                           (in choppy Attopa)
                        Good, good! Very good Tato!

           Tato blushes. Isha notices he is again sporting an erection.

           Tato catches her looking, and Isha turns away, also blushing.

           Tato shifts himself to hide his erection. 

           Changing the subject, Isha notices Tato wearing his mukluks 
           and waves his feet towards her.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato, give me your mukluks.

           Catching her meaning, Tato takes off a mukluk and hands it to 
           her. Isha picks up her blunt stick from the night before and 
           rubs it down, biting back the aching in her hands.
           Tato notices her pain as he takes off his other mukluk.

                                 TATO
                        Isha...

           He tries to take the mukluk from her, but Isha pulls it out 
           of his reach.

                                 ISHA
                        No!

           She keeps working, avoiding his gaze. 

           Tato smiles and takes the opportunity to look her over. Isha 
           is old, yes, but beneath her skimpy clothes, he can see her 
           womanly form all too well in the firelight.

           Especially the curve of her breasts, which he was so near 
           moments before...

           Isha looks up and Tato turns away, embarrassed. He grabs a 
           stick and rubs down his other mukluk.

           INT. CAVE - LATER

           Isha lies on the straw bed beside Tato, staring at the 
           ceiling as the fire throws shadows across it. 

           Drifting toward sleep, she sees SILHOUETTED IMAGES OF WOMEN 
           APPEARING AND DISAPPEARING IN THE DANCING SHADOWS.

           The images become more numerous as Isha fades until one 
           shadow of a woman becomes more distinct than all the others. 

           This shadow seems to originate from the wall behind Isha, 
           even though there is no light source for it.

           As Isha watches, the shadow grows as if someone is 
           approaching her from behind.

                                 IMMANNA (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           Isha opens her eyes wide and turns, but there is nothing 
           behind her except the dark ice wall.

           SUDDENLY, THE FIRE FADES AND EVERYTHING GOES DARK. 

           A small, pulsating blue light appears in the ice wall, as if 
           a heart is beating within it.

           The light grows brighter, revealing a NUDE OLD WOMAN frozen 
           within the wall, curled like she is in a womb.
           Isha stands and backs away. By the strange blue light, she 
           notices Tato is gone.

                                 IMMANNA (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           BUMP! Hitting something, Isha turns, startled to find Tato 
           standing there, completely nude, WITH THE HEAD OF A WOLF!

           The Tato-wolf’s mouth opens and speaks.

                                 TATO-WOLF
                        Isha!

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Isha awakens with a start! Just a dream...

           But Tato is gone!

                                 TATO (O.S.)
                        Good morning, Isha...

           Isha turns to find Tato, half-dressed, yawning as he 
           disappears into the corridor leading out of the cave.

           Isha looks at the wall behind her. It glows now with the 
           normal light of day. Nobody frozen within it.

           Isha shakes her head, trying to clear the dream. 

           She notices much of their snow pile in the corner has melted, 
           revealing animal skulls into which they have stored some of 
           the more delicate parts of the fox.

           The skulls seem to stare at Isha accusingly.

           EXT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           In high-spirits, Tato urinates on the skull pyramid.

           Seeing the only tracks visible outside are his own and 
           Isha’s, he smiles.

           Tato finishes his business and spots a long spear inside the 
           cave. The spearhead Isha found is fastened to the top. 

           Next to it is a short stick with the fox-skull fastened on.

           Tato grabs the spear in shock and hefts it in his hands. He 
           tries to wiggle the spearhead, amazed at how well it is made. 
           He pulls it back and makes to throw it, but doesn’t. Just 
           getting a feel for it.

           Tato grabs the fox-stick, impressed by its decorative 
           ptarmigan feathers. He waves it around in jovial fashion, 
           then tucks it into the pants.

           He takes a few steps and spins, pulling out the fox-stick and 
           brandishing it beside the spear as if battling unseen foes. 

           Apparently victorious, Tato raises both arms high into the 
           air and HOWLS LIKE A TRIUMPHANT WOLF.

           INSIDE THE CAVE

           Isha hears his yell and smiles.

           EXT. CAVE - LATER - DAY

           Tato exits wearing his parka and all his gear, including the 
           fox-skull stick tucked into his belt beside his knife. He 
           carries his new spear alongside his old one. 

           Isha waves him off.

           Tato stops where he stopped yesterday and looks at his tracks 
           leading off to the right. He turns to the left, and stares in 
           the direction the bear tracks used to lead.

           Tato glances back at Isha watching him from the cave.

           He smiles at her with confidence and walks off to his left, 
           following the direction of the hidden bear tracks.

           Isha looks a little worried about his new direction.

           TUNDRA - LATER

           Tato creeps along the fading incline of their ice-cave hill, 
           staying low, expecting a bear attack at any moment.

           The incline eventually bends away to the left, revealing a 
           great open space stretching to the horizon. 

           From the area’s flatness, and the way it is ringed by small 
           shrubs and trees, it appears to be a great gulf, or lake of 
           some kind, frozen and covered with snow.

           Tato walks to the edge of the ice, looking around, but there 
           is nothing of note in every direction.
           He checks the ice, which seems sturdy, and walks out onto it, 
           continuing to scan the area.

           AFTER ONE HUNDRED YARDS, Tato stops, noticing far off to his 
           left, a protrusion of some kind, covered in snow and sticking 
           up from the otherwise smooth ice surface.

           Tato looks around again then sets off for the oddity.

           As he nears it, Tato sees the protrusion is actually a crater 
           where something large broke down through the ice.

           Because of the snow, however, there are no tracks anywhere.

           Tato stops ten feet away and uses his spears to check the ice 
           around the crater. It seems solid.

           He keeps going but, within a few feet, gets on his stomach 
           and slides carefully to the crater.

           He reaches down and wipes away snow from the center of the 
           crater, revealing a thin layer of new ice.

           Tato clears away more snow and finds old frozen blood on one 
           side of the new ice. He also finds a few small chunks of 
           meat, which he chips off and sniffs.

           Clearing away more snow, he uncovers a big polar bear track.

           Tato looks around again, nervous, but there are no signs of a 
           bear in any direction.

           He reveals more prints and blood heading off to the horizon.

           Tato gets up, thinking. He marches off in the direction of 
           the bear, but stops after a few steps.

           Tato looks anxious. He glances at the crater, back toward the 
           cave, then in the direction of the bear tracks.

           At last, he stomps back to the crater and sets his spears and 
           pack down, not looking pleased with himself.

           He straddles an ice chunk and kicks the thin ice in the 
           center of the crater until he breaks through.

           INT. CAVE - LATER

           The light is fading from the ice wall. Isha sits beside some 
           smoldering coals in almost total darkness, rubbing the pelt 
           of the first rabbit Tato caught, trying to dry it out.

           Tears of pain drip from her eyes and she rubs and rubs.
           She finally SCREAMS OUT and drops the pelt. Her hands shake 
           uncontrollably and she stares at them in anger.

           Isha SCREAMS AGAIN, lays her head back, and cries.

           Coming back to herself, she realizes snowflakes are filtering 
           down through the hole above.

           She sits up and looks with concern at the corridor leading 
           out of the cave just as Tato arrives back.

           Exhausted, Tato holds a bundle of fresh kindling on one 
           shoulder. In his other hand, he holds a rope, which he pulls 
           forward to reveal a dead seal.

           Isha explodes with relief, excitement, and pride for Tato.

           LATER THAT NIGHT

           Isha and Tato sit around a fire eating seal. In their storage 
           corner, fresh heaps of snow have been piled over the 
           remaining portions of seal meat.

           The seal skin is stretched on a log beside the fox skin.

           A life-sized hole has been drawn in the sand between them, 
           with bear tracks around it.

           Tato hunches by the hole, aiming his spear at it.

           He points at the hole, and with boyish energy, imitates a 
           seal popping up its head.

           Isha laughs at Tato’s performance.

           Tato pretends to throw his spear and stands in triumph.

           Isha claps as Tato returns and sits proudly besides her.

           Tato waves his fox-skull stick like a good luck talisman. 

           Isha nods, pleased he likes it.

           Tato HOWLS LIKE A WOLF and Isha LAUGHS.

           Encouraged, Tato crawls to her, sniffing again like he did 
           the night before.

           Isha tries to keep a look of humor on her face, but things 
           get awkward as Tato sniffs his way up her body again and 
           stops once more at her breasts.

           His sniffing degenerates to just staring at them.
           Mesmerized, Tato reaches out tentatively and puts his hand on 
           one of her breasts. He slowly massages it, fascinated.

           Isha sits frozen, unsure what to do.

           Tato looks at her other breast and, getting into a better 
           position, gently massages this one with his other hand. 

           After a moment, he notes the tense look on her face. 

           Looking at his hands on her body, Tato backs away to his spot 
           by the fire and hangs his head, embarrassed.

           He also tries to hide his obvious erection.

           Isha watches him fumble awkwardly with himself, unable to 
           fully hide it, and her heart goes out to him. 

           Tato turns away and continues eating, sitting in a strange 
           way to hide his manhood from her.

           Nervous but determined, Isha scoots towards him. 

           Seeing her coming, Tato freezes. She passes right over the 
           hunting images he has drawn in the sand, destroying them.

           Beside Tato, Isha surprises him by reaching over in a 
           business-like manner and putting a hand inside his pants.

           Slowly, Isha starts moving her hand, masturbating him.

           Tato closes his eyes, his body quaking from the unexpected 
           pleasure this gives him.

           Isha is all business as she does her deed, biting back pain 
           in her hands, until Tato’s BREATHING GETS LOUDER. 

           She moves her hand faster until Tato arches his body and 
           GRUNTS.

           When done, he collapses against the log. 

           Isha pulls her hand out, still all businesslike, and wipes it 
           on some straw before scooting back to her spot by the fire.

           When his breathing returns to normal, Tato looks at Isha, 
           unsure how to react. Isha smiles politely and turns to the 
           fire, continuing her meal.

           Tato opens his pants to check on himself.

           He rubs the area, seeming unsure what just happened, and 
           glances at Isha before staring at the fire as well.
           But a smile appears on his face and grows until he is 
           grinning ear to ear, unable to help himself. 

           Isha catches his eye, and because of the innocent delight she 
           sees there, can’t help but smile as well.

           CAVE - NIGHT

           Isha sleeps. A DRAGGING NOISE stirs her and she awakens to 
           find the fire burning bright.

           SHE HEARS A LARGE GROWL and looks at the corridor as a great 
           polar bear struts bowlegged into the cavern.

           Scared, Isha looks at Tato sleeping besides her with his face 
           turned away. She shakes him, but Tato does not stir.

                                 ISHA
                           (whispers)
                        Tato!

           The polar bear sniffs the air and gazes at Isha. It ROARS and 
           approaches her. 

           Wide-eyed, Isha shakes Tato even more.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato! Tatomatahun!

           Tato does not stir, even as the approaching bear ROARS AGAIN. 

           Desperate, Isha turns Tato over.

           Tato’s head is now a wolf-skull. Isha SCREAMS.

           The bear towers up over her, and as it stands, Isha sees it 
           has two female human breasts protruding from it’s chest.

           The bear opens its mouth to roar, revealing Immanna’s head 
           alive inside its jaws, staring in anger at Isha.

           Isha’s eyes widen with shock and fear.

                                 IMMANNA
                           (commanding tone)
                        ISHA!

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Isha jerks awake from her dream, the cave lit bright around 
           her-- no sign of the bear.
           Tato sits up as well, spooked. He looks at her with concern.

                                 TATO
                        Isha?

           Isha smiles that everything is okay, but looks worried.

           Tato rubs his eyes and yawns. Looking down, they both see he 
           has woken up with an erection in his pants.

           Tato smiles self-consciously at Isha who points towards the 
           corridor, telling him to go take care of his business outside 
           and leave her out of it.

           Smiling, Tato heads for the corridor as ordered.

           EXT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           Outside, Tato steps up to the skull pyramid and urinates.

           He looks down at the snow...

           ...NOTICES A BEAR TRACK RIGHT NEXT TO THE PYRAMID!

           He glances around, eyes widening. The entire area outside the 
           cave is littered with bear tracks!

           No sign of the bear itself, though.

           Tato finishes his business and stalks around, investigating.

           The bear came from the right and approached the cave until it 
           reached the skull pyramid.

           It then walked around a bit and set off to the left.

           Tato runs back inside the cave.

           INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           Isha grabs seal meat from their melting snow pile as Tato 
           barges in, excited.

                                 TATO
                        Isha! Uk-thluk!

           He drops to the floor and puts on his mukluks. Isha looks 
           concerned and he points towards the mouth of the cave.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tracks, outside!
           Tato makes walking motions in the sand beneath his feet.

           Isha does not like the enthusiastic way he is dressing and 
           points at his mukluks with a questioning look.

           Tato stands proudly.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun hunt Uk-thluk!

           Tato makes a spear-throwing motion to emphasize his meaning.

           Isha shakes her head, scared.

                                 ISHA
                           (choppy Attopa)
                        Tato, no! No, hunt Uk-thluk!

           Tato is confused. He nods his head.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun hunt Uk-thluk. 
                        Tatomatahun become man.

                                 ISHA
                        No...

           Isha looks around in a panic but doesn’t seem to know what 
           she can say or do to stop him.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Uk-thluk...

           She makes a RIPPING SOUND and a claw motion across her neck.

           Tato shakes his head, angry.

                                 TATO
                        No! Tatomatahun kill Uk-thluk!

           He makes a stabbing motion for emphasis.

                                 ISHA
                           (choppy Attopa)
                        No! Uk-thluk kill Tatomatahun!

           Tato stares at Isha in disbelief. But his anger dissipates 
           into humor at her concern. 

           He grabs his fox-skull stick and holds it up with confidence.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun kill Uk-thluk.
           Isha turns to the fire looking worried and refusing to make 
           eye-contact as she busies herself with rekindling a flame.

           Tato shakes his head and continues dressing for his hunt. He 
           notices Isha fighting back tears.

           Dressed, knife and fox-skull stuck in his belt, two spears in 
           hand, Tato packs some meat from their snow-pile.

           Putting on his pack, he steps before Isha who avoids his gaze 
           as she struggles with the fire.

           A tear falls from one eye, rolling down her cheek.

           Tato lifts it with a finger and holds it before her.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Isha cry... because Isha afraid Uk-
                        thluk kill Tatomatahun?

           He makes a slashing motion across his throat on “kill.”

           Isha wipes her face and looks at him. She shakes her head.

                                 ISHA
                           (choppy Attopa)
                        Isha cry...

           She points at the tear on his finger.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (choppy Attopa)
                        ...because Tatomatahun kill Uk-
                        thluk.

           Isha turns away and busies herself again with the fire. 

           Unsure what to make of her words, Tato walks slowly to the 
           corridor leading out of the cave.

           Isha glances at him leaving, wrestling with something.

           When almost out of sight:

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato.

           Tato stares back at her. 

           Isha nods with encouragement.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Good luck.
           She focuses back on the fire which she finally gets going. 

           Tato returns and grabs her gently by the shoulders.

           When she looks at him, he presses his forehead against hers 
           and rubs her nose with his in an “Eskimo kiss.” 

           Isha makes a sad smile and Tato pulls back, also smiling.

           They regard one another, then Tato makes a sweeping turn and 
           exits the cave.

           Alone, Isha’s face cracks with fear and sadness. She fights 
           back a fresh wave of tears but proves unsuccessful.

           As she cries, snowflakes begin to fall from the hole above.

           EXT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           Leaving, Tato also discovers the snowfall. 

           He looks nervously at the bear tracks getting covered and 
           runs off into the snow, following them.

           INT. CAVE - LATER - DAY

           Isha sits staring at the fire, lost in thought. 

           All her tears have dried, leaving streaks on her sooty face.

           Black smoke wafts around her. She realizes her seal meat is 
           burning and jerks it out of the flames.

           Numb, Isha picks off what she can, and eats.

           EXT. CAVE - DAY

           Isha walks out fully dressed and pulling a small makeshift 
           sleigh constructed from branches and straps of hide.

           Tato’s tracks, and the bear’s, are almost gone from the snow. 

           Isha stares into the distance where the world is white-washed 
           by falling snow.

           She follows the fading tracks, pulling the sleigh behind her.
           TUNDRA - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha breaks up a small bush not far along the incline and 
           piles its sticks on her sled. 

           She hurts her hands breaking a particularly thick branch and 
           walks around in a circle, shaking them out in pain.

           She stares off into the tundra but there is nothing to see.

           She looks at the sky where daylight is fading fast behind the 
           clouds.

           Emotionless, she throws the last batch of sticks on the sled 
           and walks back towards the cave.

           EXT. CAVE - LATER

           Reaching the mouth, Isha looks back once more for Tato. Sees 
           nothing but falling snow.

           With a nod, she scoops some armfuls of snow onto her sleigh.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Isha sits alone by a small fire. 

           A GHOSTLY BREEZE MOANS IN THE CORRIDOR. Isha looks up, hoping 
           to see Tato returning, but nobody appears.

           Isha inspects the snow drifting down through the hole above 
           and stares back at the crackling fire.

           EXT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Isha stands at the mouth of the cave holding up a spluttering 
           torch made from seal blubber. 

           The snow has tapered off in intensity but is still falling. 

           On the ground, all tracks, including her own from earlier, 
           have been covered with snow. 

           She stares into the night looking worried.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun!

           Her voice echoes off the incline and far-off mountains, 
           getting thrown around in a strange manner.
                                 ECHO
                        Tatomatahun...! Tatomatahun...!

           But nothing else answers her.

           Biting back her fear, Isha notices the skull pyramid is 
           covered by snow and brushes it off.

           She accidentally collapses part of it, knocking the walrus 
           skull to the ground. 

           Triggering her pent up anger, Isha SCREAMS and kicks the 
           pyramid apart-- throwing skulls everywhere and smashing a 
           large reindeer skull against the wall.

           Isha collapses, exhausted, and sits at the mouth of the cave, 
           staring out at the indifferent, falling snow.

           All the skulls she threw lay upright in the snow, facing her.

           Isha stares at them, totally spent.

           Sleep washes over her and, as she dozes, A FAR AWAY VOICE 
           CALLS TO HER ON THE WIND.

                                 WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           Isha takes no notice, too tired to care. 

           ONE OF THE SKULLS OPENS IT’S JAWS AND CALLS TO HER.

                                 WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
                        Isha!

           Isha is not phased by the strangeness of this occurrence. 

           Another skull calls:

                                 ANOTHER WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           A GHOSTLY WOMAN floats up from one of the skulls wearing a 
           ghostly image of the skull on top of her head.

           The ghost stares in beckoning fashion at Isha.

           ANOTHER SKULL CALLS OUT, and another GHOSTLY WOMAN rises.

                                 WOMAN’S VOICE (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           Two more skulls call out and TWO MORE WOMEN rise...
           Soon, all the skulls are clamoring until NINE WOMEN have 
           risen and stand beckoning and judging Isha.

                                 GHOST WOMEN (V.O.)
                        Isha... Isha... Isha!

           Isha stares back, growing angry at them. 

           The Ghost Women fall silent.

                                 IMMANNA (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           Isha notices the walrus skull facing her. It moves as it 
           speaks in Immanna’s voice:

                                 IMMANNA (V.O.)
                        Isha...

           Immanna’s ghost rises from the skull, towering over Isha. 

           Immanna points out at the darkness and all the Ghost Women do 
           the same, imploring Isha to fulfill her destiny.

           Isha gazes out in the direction Tato disappeared. 

           She stands slowly and painfully, giving Immanna and the other 
           ghosts a rebellious look, then storms back into the cave.

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Isha awakens in rough shape, curled up alone by a dead fire.

           She sits up stiff, not surprised but not happy to find Tato 
           still gone. Daylight shines from the hole above.

           Isha pokes the dead coals. She smiles without humor, resigned 
           to the fact that things are no longer going her way.

           LATER

           Fully dressed, Isha has packed all supplies in the cave onto 
           her little sleigh.

           She grabs her walking stick and, with a final glance around 
           the den, takes the sleigh reigns and exits.
           EXT. CAVE - MOMENTS LATER

           Outside, the skulls are now half-buried in snow. Only the 
           walrus skull avoided the snowfall enough to still stare at 
           her in judging fashion.

           Isha lifts it. As she stares in its empty eyes, the lower jaw 
           creeks open and Isha hears a FADED, DISTANT VOICE CALL HER.

                                 TATO (O.S)
                        Isha...

           Isha looks unnerved by this. She stares out at the distance 
           but sees nothing. 

           She heads out in the direction Tato went, pulling her sleigh 
           with her.

           TUNDRA - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha looks worried as she continues on. She does not see 
           anything in any direction.

           She starts moving faster. And faster.

           Isha soon runs through the snow, panic growing on her face.

           She climbs a ridge and freezes.

           Down below, in a great circle of blood, is Tato.

           Isha gasps and races towards him, leaving her sleigh behind.

                                 ISHA
                        Tato! TATO!

           Isha hurries to him, finding him lying face down in the red 
           snow beside a severed polar bear head.

           Isha jumps beside him and turns him over finding him 
           clutching a bloody polar bear arm.

           His face, looking close to frostbite, is badly slashed by 
           three claws, one scratch having just missed an eye. He also 
           has deep gauges on his chest and thigh.

           Isha shakes him.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato?

           Tato does not respond. Isha shakes him harder.
                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato?!

           Tato awakens and flails, trying to fight her off-- not 
           recognizing her.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato! Tato!

           Hearing her, Tato stops his attack and stares weakly at her.

                                 TATO
                        Isha?

           Isha nods, fighting back tears.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Uk-thluk...

           Isha nods again.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun... is a man.

           Tato shuts his eyes and passes out.

                                 ISHA
                        Tato? Tato?!

           Isha looks up desperately at her sleigh.

           INT. CAVE - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha, near exhaustion, drops Tato onto the straw-bed and 
           collapses beside him.

           Tato awakens and calls out, feverish:

                                 TATO
                        Isha! Isha!

           Isha leans over him, taking his hand.

                                 ISHA
                        I’m here. Isha is here. You’re 
                        safe...

           Tato calms, seeing her. Smiles weakly.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun kill...

           Tato’s head falls back. Isha nods and gently pets his hair.
                                 ISHA
                        Shhhh...

           She inspects his wounds as Tato drifts unconscious. They are 
           deep and ugly.

           Tato suddenly jumps up.

                                 TATO
                        Uk-thluk head! The arm!

           He starts crawling back out towards the cave entrance but 
           Isha jumps up and shows him the sleigh which bears the arm 
           and polar bear head.

                                 ISHA
                        Here-- here! Everything is here and 
                        you are safe now!

           Tato looks relieved, seeing them. He almost manages a weak 
           smile at her before collapsing again. 

           THE WORLD SPINS AROUND HIM.

           INT. CAVE - TATO’S DELIRIUM MONTAGE

           Tato keeps opening his eyes to see, MOSTLY FROM HIS OWN POV:

           Isha drags Tato with difficulty to the straw-bed.

           Isha goes through his pack and grabs his flints.

           Tato stares at the ceiling. He turns his head to Isha putting 
           sticks on a blazing fire. He looks back at the ceiling AND A 
           POLAR BEAR SHADOW LOOMS DOWN OVER HIM!

           EXT. SNOWSTORM - DAY - FLASHBACK

           A BRIEF, HORRIFIC, GLIMPSE OF A GIANT POLAR BEAR SLASHING AT 
           HIM IN A SNOWSTORM.

           BACK IN THE CAVE - DAY - END FLASHBACK

           Tato jumps up SCREAMING. 

           Isha appears beside him and soothes him until he calms. She 
           applies a steaming animal hide to the scratches on his face.
           SNOWSTORM - DAY - FLASHBACK

           Tato’s cheek explodes with bright red blood as a pure white 
           polar bear paw slashes him.

           BACK IN THE CAVE - DAY - END FLASHBACK

           Tato wakes, SCREAMING, and claws the hide from his face.

           Isha soothes him, stroking his hair until he drifts 
           unconscious. She lays the hide back on his wounds.

           SNOWSTORM - DAY - FLASHBACK

           Tato’s chest is gashed, his blood spilling onto the snow.

           BACK IN CAVE - DAY - END FLASHBACK

           Tato awakens as Isha applies a fresh hide to his chest wound.

           A POLAR BEAR LOOMS OVER HER SHOULDER WATCHING HIM. 

           Tato closes his eyes...

           CAVE AT NIGHT

           ...and immediately opens them to find it dark with Isha 
           tending the wound on his thigh. 

           Tato grabs her wrist, surprising her, and guides her hand to 
           his crotch. He laughs, insanely, and passes out again.

           SNOWSTORM - DAY - FLASHBACK

           THE POLAR BEAR ATTACKS, RELENTLESS!

           Tato thrusts his old spear into the bear, but the spear 
           breaks before going in far.

           BACK IN CAVE - DAY - END FLASHBACK

           Tato opens his eyes to find THE POLAR BEAR LEANING DOWN UPON 
           HIM IN THE CAVERN! 

           He throws his arm up in a jabbing motion, hitting Isha.
           SNOWSTORM - DAY - FLASHBACK

           Tato thrusts his new spear into the bear, this time sinking 
           the spear deep.

           THE BEAR ROARS OUT IN PAIN.

           BACK IN CAVE - NIGHT - END FLASHBACK

           Tato jumps up in fright.

           Isha is there, soothing him. She gives him snow to eat.

           Tato lays back, eating, and stares at the ice wall. 

           IT GROWS BRIGHT BLUE, THEN FADES. GLOWS AGAIN, THEN FADES.

           AS IT GLOWS A THIRD TIME, Tato looks at Isha, finding instead 
           A POLAR BEAR HOLDING OUT THE SNOW.

           Tato is surprised, but accepts the bear’s offering.

           The wall glows exceedingly bright, turning the whole world 
           blue, then WHITE...

           INT. CAVE - MORNING - END DELIRIUM SEQUENCE

           ...THE WHITE FADES as Tato opens his eyes. 

           The cavern is lit with the normal blue light of morning. 

           He stares around with lucid eyes that no longer show signs of 
           delirium.

           Tato sits up, weak and squinting from pain.

           Besides him, Isha wakes, groggy but concerned.

                                 ISHA
                        Tato?

           Tato touches the wounds healing on his face, then pulls back 
           the hide on his chest, checking the wound beneath.

           He looks at Isha who smiles and grabs some fresh snow from a 
           nearby pile. She offers it to him and he graciously accepts.

           As he eats, parched, Isha gets up with obvious difficulty and 
           goes to their food pile, pulling out some strips of meat.
           He sees the bear head staring at him from the melting snow. 
           He notes, with a touch of sadness, how unshapely it is in 
           death, all drooping and soggy.

           Isha brings him some meat.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Here. Eat. Eat.

           Tato accepts the meat but, before eating any, throws a small 
           piece in the ashes of the fire.

           He smiles at Isha then devours the rest of the meat. Isha 
           smiles back, proud.

           Tato sees the bear arm protruding from the pile too and, 
           remembering something, tries to get to his feet. 

           Isha helps him up, and he hobbles to the snow pile where he 
           pulls the arm out.

           Tato carries the arm to Isha and presents it like a gift.

           Isha doesn’t understand at first, but Tato holds it out, 
           insistent. Isha points at herself and Tato nods. 

           She takes the arm, touched.

           Tato nods at her in thanks.

           LATER THAT EVENING

           Isha sits by the fire roasting bear meat.

           Behind her, the fur from the arm dries on a log, all five 
           claws pulled out and drying as well.

           Tato stands before her reenacting his fight with the bear. 

           He holds the fox-skull stick in one hand, and in the other 
           holds the spear Isha made him. 

           He fights his unseen polar bear and pantomimes a huge claw 
           scratching him across his face. Isha GASPS with horror.

           BEHIND HIM ON THE CAVERN WALL, Tato’s shadow imitates him, 
           only on the wall, THE SHADOW OF THE BEAR CAN ALSO BE SEEN.

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Isha awakens, HEARING MOVEMENT.
           Sitting up, she sees Tato fully dressed and packing his 
           belongings. He smiles at her in good spirits.

                                 TATO
                        Good morning, Isha!

           She nods, watching him pack his bag.

                                 ISHA
                        Going hunting?

           She makes a throwing motion to indicate her meaning.

           Tato shakes his head.

                                 TATO
                        Home.

           Isha shakes her head, not understanding.

           Still smiling, Tato draws stick figures on the ground of a 
           man, woman and little boy. Tato points at the little boy.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun.

           Isha nods. Tato crosses out the boy and redraws him as big as 
           the man. He points at the new man-boy.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tato.

           Isha nods, understanding, and looks proud of Tato.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun man.

           Tato nods and circles all three figures. He points at it.

                                 TATO
                        Home.

           Isha smiles, but does not understand. Tato circles the 
           figures again and points from himself to the circle.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun go home.

           Tato makes a walking gesture in the air with his fingers.

           Understanding, Isha’s smile fades. She stands, scared.
                                 ISHA
                           (repeating his Attopa)
                        Tatomatahun go home?

           Tato nods, confused by her fear. Isha shakes her head.

           He holds up a finger, telling her to wait, then draws a woman 
           next to the image of himself and points at Isha.

                                 TATO
                        Isha.

           Tato circles all four figures and looks at her, excited.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Home! Tatomatahun and Isha go to 
                        Tatomatahun’s home!

           He points at both of them for emphasis. 

           Isha walks away shaking her head.

                                 ISHA
                        No, no, no. Tatomatahun...

           Isha holds up her shaking hands, making them into claws.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Isha!

           She bends to his drawing and draws an arrow from her own 
           image to outside the “home” circle.

           Tato shakes his head and, smiling to reassure her that is not 
           a problem, crosses out the Isha outside the circle.

           He redraws her inside the circle and re-circles all of them.

                                 TATO
                        Home.

           Isha looks away, not pleased by his stubbornness.

           Tato points at each figure. Circles them again.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun... Isha... Home!

           He points from Isha to his heart.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Isha comes to Tatomatahun’s home.
           Tato takes out a necklace he has made of the five claws from 
           his polar bear, and holds them out to her with import.

           Seeing this, and the imploring, sincere look on his face, 
           Isha hangs her head in resignation.

           EXT. CAVE - DAY

           Isha and Tato leave, Isha wearing the claw necklace, and Tato 
           pulling the sleigh loaded with all their supplies, including 
           the polar bear head sitting atop a mound of snow.

           Everything is tied down with twigs, reeds, and cloth strips.

           AT THE TOP OF THE INCLINE, Isha looks back at the cave a 
           final time.

           Tato smiles encouragingly at her. Isha does not share his 
           optimism but follows him away.

           ARTIC FIELD - LATER

           Isha and Tato trek back the way they originally came when 
           they followed the bear tracks across the tundra.

           Isha stares, almost sorrowfully, at the passing scenery.

           Not far off, a gust of wind kicks up some snow in a mini-
           twister. Within it, ISHA SEES IMMANNA MADE ENTIRELY OF 
           SNOWFLAKES BECKONING HER before the gust disappears.

           ROCKY AREA WHERE THEY CAMPED LONG AGO - DAY

           They sit lost in their own thoughts as they eat left over 
           bear and seal meat, the area now covered with snow.

           PERILOUS STREAM THEY CROSSED EARLIER - SUNSET

           They reach the stream, now frozen over in many places, and 
           cross much easier this time around.

           BIG ROCK - NIGHT

           Isha spoons Tato under the solitary rock they camped beneath 
           the day they spied the polar bear frolicking in the stream.

           Bundled to the hilt, and covered by all their furs and skins, 
           they huddle by a small fire that fights for survival against 
           fierce winds and a heavy snowfall. 
           Beside them, the sleigh lays against the rock, guarding the 
           polar bear head.

           BIG ROCK - MORNING

           Snow covers a mound that was once Isha and Tato. 

           Two foxes dig around the sleigh, trying to get the bear head. 

           They almost have it when the mound moves. A hand protrudes 
           from the snow, followed by Tato waking up.

           Tato spots the foxes and pops up with his spear.

           The foxes take off like lightening and Tato races after them.

           When gone, Isha sits up from beneath the snow looking tired. 
           She glances around, confused-- not sure what is happening.

           ARCTIC FIELD - LATER

           Isha and Tato cross the snow with their sleigh, TATO SINGING 
           THE SONG ISHA TAUGHT HIM WHEN THEY FIRST BEGAN TRAVELLING.

           He catches her eye and almost draws a smile.

           HILLS - DAY

           Isha and Tato climb into the hills where they first met.

           SHELTER - FAR SIDE OF HILLS - NIGHT

           In the very spot Tato made the fire Isha followed from the 
           ocean cliffs, Tato and Isha spoon by a small dying flame. 

           Tato sleeps, but Isha lies awake staring at the claw 
           necklace. Tato’s hand moves, holding her closer. 

           She smiles at this-- a small, sad one-- and, tucking the 
           necklace beneath her parka, closes her eyes to sleep.

           ARCTIC FIELD - DAY

           TATO SINGS AGAIN as they approach the ocean cliffs.

           Isha spots something off to their right and stops.

           Looking, Tato spies a mother polar bear and two cubs running 
           across the snow in the distance, enjoying themselves.
           EXCITED, TATO CALLS OUT, no longer afraid of them. 

           One of the cubs stops and looks at him as its mother and 
           sibling continue running. 

           The cub stares a moment, then gallops off after its family.

           Tato smiles at Isha who nods and continues on.

           Tato follows, looking concerned about her, as the bears 
           saunter away in the distance.

           CLIFFS BORDERING THE OCEAN - SUNSET

           Isha and Tato lumber up into the rocky cliffs.

           AT THE TOP

           They silently behold the sun setting in the mighty sea.

           CLIFFS - NIGHT

           In a shallow alcove overlooking the water, Isha and Tato sit 
           around a cozy fire eating the last of their meat while Isha 
           instructs Tato how to sew a set of mittens from rabbit fur.

           Isha nods as Tato nears completion. Tato smiles at her.

                                 TATO
                        One more day.

           Isha does not understand. Tato holds up a finger to indicate 
           “one” then makes a walking gesture and points down the beach.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        One more day to Tatomatahun home.

           Isha nods, understanding, and withdraws a little. 

           Tato continues working on the mitten but keeps an eye on her.

                                 ISHA
                        Tato...

           She opens her mouth to say something, then notices how he is 
           sewing and shakes her head.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        No, no...
           Isha makes looping motions with her fingers. Tato nods and 
           does as instructed, making loops and pushing the needle 
           through each until he completes the mitten.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Good.

                                 TATO
                           (in Isha’s Manpichu)
                        Good!

           Tato puts on both mittens and holds his hands up to Isha in a 
           funny way. She smiles. 

           He jumps up, excited, and stretches his arms toward the 
           ocean, LETTING OUT A GREAT WOLF HOWL.

           Isha can’t help but smile at this-- a true smile finally.

           She draws a man in the snow beside her and points at it.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun.
                           (in Attopa)
                        Man.

           Tato nods. He points at the bear head being guarded again by 
           the sleigh and some rocks. 

           Isha draws a woman beside the image of Tato.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (in Attopa)
                        Wo-man.

           Tato’s smile grows a hint of self-consciousness.

           Isha points down the beach, then circles the two images and 
           points at each.

                                 ISHA (NO SUBTITLE) (CONT’D)
                           (in Manpichu and Attopa)
                        Tatomatahun marries wo-man, yes?

           Tato sits and looks away, seeming nervous.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tato?

           Tato won’t look at Isha for a while. Then, like someone 
           trying to keep the fun going at a party that is dying, he 
           points at the woman.
                                 TATO
                        Isha!

           He smiles in a provocative, exaggerated manner.

           Isha is humored by his jest, but shakes her head.

           She points at the woman, completely serious.

                                 ISHA
                        Tatomatahun marries wo-man?

           Isha circles the figures again and points down the beach.

           Tato’s smile fades to a trapped look. He nods, embarrassed.

           Isha smiles and puts a reassuring hand on his shoulder.

           He looks at her and she smiles proudly.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Good. Tato marries wo-man, good.

           Tato fiddles nervously with the mittens.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun knows wo-man?

           Tato does not understanding. 

           Isha points at her eyes and the woman. Tato nods and self-
           consciously touches the scratches on his face. 

           Isha grabs his hand and shakes her head, telling him not to 
           worry about his face.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (in Manpichu and Attopa)
                        Wo-man sees Tatomatahun...

           She points at her eyes again and at Tato, then mimics a claw 
           slash across her own face.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Uk-thluk!

           Isha swoons and grabs her heart, indicating his woman will 
           swoon when she sees him and his brave scars. 

           Embarrassed, Tato throws his mittens at Isha who, acting mock-
           shocked, throws them back.

           Tato’s eyes widen and he playfully jumps at her, causing her 
           to fall back, surprised and LAUGHING.
           Tato straddles her, careful not to hurt her. Isha can’t stop 
           laughing and Tato grins down at her in total happiness.

                                 TATO
                        Tatomatahun loves Isha.

           Isha cocks her head, not understanding his words, or the 
           strange seriousness on his face.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun loves Isha.

           Tato makes a fist against his heart and opens it towards her.

           Isha gets his meaning and her smile dies. She stares at Tato 
           a long time, profoundly touched. A tear comes to her eye.

                                 ISHA
                        And Isha loves Tatomatahun.

           Tato rolls off and lays beside her, embracing her. 

           Isha tenses at first, but sensing the innocence in his grip, 
           slowly puts her own arm over his and holds him back.

           She lifts her head and sees his face pressed to her side, 
           eyes closed tight, like a loving grandson merely holding his 
           grandmother.

           Isha lays her head back and stares up at the sky.

           A smile of contentment slowly lights up her face and with it, 
           WE HEAR TATO AND ISHA SINGING HAPPILY TOGETHER. 

           Isha closes her eyes.

           BEACH - MORNING

           ISHA AND TATO SING, looking out at the water, or each other, 
           as they stroll along the shore.

           Tato suddenly stops, seeing something ahead.

           He runs off, excited, leaving Isha and the sleigh behind.

                                 TATO
                        Father! Kootoko! Matakko!

           FAR AHEAD

           THREE MEN, Tato’s father KIKITOK, 38, and two brothers 
           KOOTOKO, 16, and MATAKKO, 19, drag kayaks from the sea.
           They look up, hearing Tato’s yells, and their eyes widen.

                                 KIKITOK
                        Tato!

           Kikitok drops his kayak and runs to Tato. Matakko and Kootoko 
           secure the kayaks and hurry after him.

           When they meet, Kikitok swoops Tato up in his great arms and 
           swings him around in a loving hug.

           Matakko and Kootoko jump on Tato and try to kill him with 
           happy bear hugs. They all talk at once:

                    KIKITOK (CONT’D)
           Tato! You’re alright?!
                                                  MATAKKO AND KOOTOKO
                                             Did you do it?! You did, 
                                             didn’t you?!

                                 TATO
                        Dad! Brothers! I did it! I did it!

           Kikitok, Matakko and Kootoko go insane with excitement.

           DOWN THE BEACH, Isha smiles and grabs the sleigh.

           Kikitok breaks away from Tato, looking at him with pride. He 
           inspects the scratches on Tato’s face. 

           Tato looks about to explain when Isha arrives with the sled, 
           attracting everyone’s attention. 

           Tato grins and stands beside her.

                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Father, brothers, I want to 
                        introduce Isha, who I met on my 
                        hunt. Isha mended my clothes when I 
                        first met her, and mended my body 
                        when Uk-thluk hurt me. She made 
                        weapons I used to defeat Uk-thluk, 
                        and taught me much about life in 
                        the short time I have known her.

           Isha nods respectfully as Tato speaks, not understanding 
           everything but following the general gist of his words as he 
           points at things like his scars and clothes.

           The looks of awe Tato’s family gives her when he finishes, 
           however, surprises her. Kikitok nods at her with such sincere 
           thanks, she nods back, embarrassed.

           Tato turns to Isha.
                                 TATO (CONT’D)
                        Isha. This is my father, Kikitok, 
                        and brothers Matakko and Kootoko.

           Isha nods at each.

           Tato grabs the polar bear head from the sled and holds it 
           high for his family. They are amazed by its immense size.

                                 KIKITOK
                        Tatomatahun! Such a big Uk-thluk!

           Tato grins with pride and hands it to Kikitok who beams.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        You did good son. You did very 
                        good! You are a man now. A man!

           Tato blushes and Isha smiles, understanding.

           EXT. ATTOPA CAMP - NIGHT

           A snowstorm whips around a group of low huts and assorted 
           igloos sheltered in some cliffs bordering the ocean.

           A FEW INUIT MEN AND WOMEN run to a large central hut.

           INT. CENTER HUT - CONTINUOUS

           They enter to find A LARGE GATHERING OF PEOPLE celebrating 
           with food, dancing and music played on drums and flutes.

           Isha sits in a corner watching the spectacle. MEN AND WOMAN 
           repeatedly nod at her with approval.

           One woman carries over a fresh bowl of “Eskimo ice cream” 
           (frozen blubber and berries). 

           Isha politely shakes her head but the woman will not take no 
           for an answer. Isha graciously accepts the bowl with an 
           embarrassed smile.

                                 ISHA
                           (In Attopa)
                        Thank... you...

           The woman looks surprised and impressed with Isha.

                                 BERRY WOMAN
                        You’re welcome! You’re welcome! So 
                        you do speak our language?!
           Isha stares back, completely confused. The woman realizes 
           Isha doesn’t understand and LAUGHS.

           She waves at Isha that it’s okay, and walks back to her 
           family who all stare at Isha, smiling.

           Isha nods politely at them and gazes at the back of the hut 
           where Tato sits beside GINANA, 14, a captivating young woman.

           They each wear decorative clothing and sit silent and stiff. 
           A tall woman offers them food and Ginana takes some.

           Isha looks happy for Tato who catches her eye. They share a 
           brief moment alone together in the crowd before Kikitok, in a 
           fancy robe, steps beside Tato and everyone silences.

           Kikitok pulls Tato up beside him and stares in his eyes.

                                 KIKITOK
                        As everyone knows, my son 
                        Tatomatahun, like his brothers 
                        before him, and myself, my father, 
                        and his father too, has completed 
                        the trials, and is now a man.

           Isha watches, not fully understanding, but getting it anyway.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        He has faced death and proven 
                        himself a worthy heir to one day 
                        lead our clan should the time ever 
                        come. Look now at the size of the 
                        Uk-thluk Tato has conquered!

           Kikitok points at Matakko who lifts Tato’s polar bear head 
           high for all to see. The crowd murmurs, impressed.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        Tato shall lead us in wisdom and 
                        strength should I, or his brothers, 
                        ever fall, does anyone not agree?

           Kikitok and Tato glance around but nobody says anything. Tato 
           stops on Isha and stares at her as his father speaks.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        Tato has also marked the day by 
                        taking a wife-- the worthy daughter 
                        of Tribesman Gadalook... Ginana!

           Ginana stands and steps beside Tatomatahun.

           GADALOOK, 30, her father, steps up beside her.
           Tato looks at Ginana and Isha uses the opportunity to stand 
           and move carefully towards the exit.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        Tatomatahun would also like to mark 
                        this occasion by adopting someone 
                        new into our esteemed family: the 
                        kind woman, Isha!

           Kikitok points at Isha, catching her off guard as everyone 
           suddenly pats her back, or grabs her hands in thanks. Isha 
           nods at everyone, confused and embarrassed.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        Isha cared for Tato during his 
                        hunt, when his clothes and pack 
                        needed mending, and aided him back 
                        to health after he battled his 
                        great Uk-thluk and was wounded.

           People grow even more congratulatory towards Isha.

                                 KIKITOK (CONT’D)
                        Isha...!

           Kikitok holds out his arms, beckoning Isha to come stand 
           beside him. A path is cleared for her.

           Caught, Isha smiles in appreciation and approaches Kikitok.

           As she comes, looking nervous, she catches Tato’s eye and he 
           stifles a laugh.

           Isha stands beside Kikitok and stares out at the entire clan 
           peering back at her in sincere gratitude.

           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - NIGHT

           Isha and TATO’S ENTIRE FAMILY stand outside a hut in the 
           cold, the older members talking, the younger members playing 
           a game that looks like a ritualized form of tag.

           Tato and Ginana emerge from the hut sweaty, out of breath, 
           and naked beneath thick fur blankets.

           The family cheers and hugs them in congratulations.

           When it is Isha’s turn to congratulate Tato, they share a 
           private smile as Isha presses her forehead to his, in the 
           manner of his people

           But while head to head and looking at each other so close, 
           their smiles quickly grow into HAPPY LAUGHTER.
           INT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - LATER

           Isha lays with the rest of the family in her own comfy place 
           near Tato, wrapped in thick, warm blankets of fur. 

           She stares up at the ceiling lost in deep thought, though it 
           is hard to say whether she is happy or sad.

           EXT. ATTOPA CAMP - DAY

           Struggling against the harsh winds of a nasty storm, Isha and 
           Ginana are lead through camp by Matakko’s wife, NEDERKA, 19, 
           and Kootoko’s wife, OOMA, 16. 

           They reach a long work hut and all four woman enter.

           INT. WORK HUT - CONTINUOUS

           MANY WOMEN OF THE CAMP are gathered here doing chores 
           together such as sewing, mending, and food preparation.

           Entering, Ginana is received with excitement by all the women 
           who rush over to hear her news.

                                 VARIOUS WOMEN
                        So, how was it? You’re a wife now, 
                        eh?! And such a handsome husband!

           Isha steps aside in the shuffle and watches with a kind 
           smile. Nederka implores her to sit on a fur-covered bench.

           Soon the women break from Ginana and go to Isha to offer 
           signs of welcome and thanks, many sitting beside her.

                                 VARIOUS WOMEN (CONT’D)
                        So you saved Tato from the Uk-thluk
                        wounds? How did you meet? Are you 
                        enjoying yourself?

           Isha tries to understand everyone, but politely indicates by 
           pointing at her mouth and ears that she does not.

           The women smile and wave this off as not mattering.

           Young girls bring the women the items they were working on 
           before Isha and Ginana arrived, and the women accept 
           everything graciously from the children.

           The women around Isha work and gossip happily, all the while 
           trying to keep Isha in on the discussion as best they can.
           Isha watches them, noting with surprise that nobody has asked 
           her to do anything, and nobody seems to care.

           Isha studies their sewing, noting how differently they do it 
           from the way her people sew.

           She takes interest as a woman beside her spreads gooey liquid 
           on the inside of a waterproof seal-skin jacket and presses a 
           fur liner against the goo.

           The woman hands the jacket to another woman who sews the 
           liner to it. Isha inquires about the goo.

           Smiling, the woman spreads goo on a spare skin. She presses a 
           second skin to the first and hands them to Isha who is amazed 
           to find she cannot pull them apart.

           Isha non-verbally offers to help spread goo on the skins, but 
           the woman kindly refuses, indicating Isha should just sit 
           back and relax.

           Another woman asks Isha a question. The center of attention, 
           Isha listens, trying to understand what the woman is asking.

           INT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - NIGHT

           Isha plays with MOOTOHAN, 4, Matakko’s son. Mootohan has a 
           small wooden sculpture of a seal, and Isha has a bear. 
           Together they hunt and stalk one another, having fun.

           Mootohan notices Isha’s bear pendant and Isha takes it off 
           and gives it to him. Mootohan is delighted. 

           Ginana, Nederka and Ooma tend to a nearby seal-oil fire, 
           smiling as they watch Mootohan and Isha play.

           OUTSIDE, A STORM SHRIEKS, rattling the hut. Isha looks up at 
           snow billowing across an opaque window on the roof.

           A shadow fills the entrance tunnel as Tato, Kikitok, Matakko 
           and Kootoko emerge, covered in snow and looking downcast.

           The women get up and greet them. Mootohan runs to Matakko to 
           show him the pendant Isha gave him. 

           Isha merely stands, not knowing what to do. 

           The men shrug at the women, revealing they came back empty-
           handed. Ginana and Ooma help them take off their parkas as 
           Nederka puts one on.

           Seeing Nederka, Isha grabs her own parka, but Nederka waves 
           for her to just relax and disappears from the hut.
           Isha sits back down as the men come to sit near her. Tato 
           rubs noses with Ginana, then sits beside Isha, smiling.

           But his smile fades as he points at the horrid weather they 
           had to battle beyond the window above.

           Nederka enters with some left-over seal, and Isha notices how 
           small an amount it is. Ooma, also seeing this, meets Nederka 
           at the fire and ARGUES WITH HER about the food.

           Ooma counts everyone, Isha included, and gestures with 
           disapproval at Nederka’s small portion of meat.

           Nederka indicates there is not much meat left and they will 
           have to suffice with what she has brought.

           Isha looks concerned as she watches them argue.

           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - MORNING

           The entire family leaves the hut to discover snow still 
           falling, though not as bad as the night before.

           The women and men spilt up, the men going off to hunt, the 
           woman to the work tent. 

           Mootohan holds Isha’s hand today as they cross the camp.

           INT. WOMEN’S WORK HUT - LATER

           The women sit around Isha like the day before, teaching Isha 
           their language as they work.

           Mootohan sits beside Isha, playing with his sculptured toys 
           as she listens to the women. 

           Again noticing the different way they sew, Isha leans over 
           and points at the pants one woman is sewing. 

           The woman holds them up and Isha admires her stitching.

           Isha picks up some spare pieces of skin and a needle and 
           painfully sews them together.

           The women look on, curious, as Isha sews as many stitches as 
           she can before the pain in her hands becomes unbearable. 

           Isha hands what she has done to the woman making pants. The 
           woman is amazed by Isha’s handiwork. Isha makes pulling apart 
           motions, daring her to test the stitches’ strength.
           The woman tries to pull the skin apart and is even more 
           impressed. The other women lean in and inspect the skin, 
           passing it around for everyone to have a look.

           The women entreat Isha to show them how to do her stitching. 
           Isha obliges them, looking happy and proud by their favor.

           A WOMAN SUDDENLY ENTERS, YELLING WITH EXCITEMENT. The women 
           all stand and get dressed to go outside, Isha included.

           INT. CENTER ATTOPA HUT - DAY

           Five snow-covered hunters drop a small reindeer before a 
           gathering of ASSORTED WOMEN AND MEN from the camp.

           Isha holds an excited Mootohan out of the way as the hunters 
           cut up the deer and everyone else waits in an orderly manner.

           EXT. CENTER ATTOPA HUT - LATER

           Isha, Mootohan, Nederka, Ginana and Ooma leave the hut, as 
           other women do, carrying a small piece of divided meat.

           Isha amuses and distracts Mootohan as they walk back to their 
           hut, but can’t help notice Nederka and Ooma ARGUE over the 
           small amount of meat they have.

           INT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - NIGHT

           Tato, Kikitok, Matakko and Kootoko return from their hunt, 
           again empty handed. Ginana, Nederka and Ooma look let down 
           but try to cheer everyone up by serving the reindeer meat.

           Isha is concerned by the small portions, especially little 
           Mootohan’s. She tries to refuse her own meal, but Ooma waves 
           this off as nonsense and hands her a plate.

           Nederka and Matakko give Mootohan some of their food and, 
           seeing this, Isha becomes distraught.

           LATER THAT NIGHT

           Isha lays awake among the sleeping family, lost in thought.

           EXT. MANPICHU WINTER CAMP - DAY - FLASHBACK

           Immanna smiles down on the sad face of Young Isha then walks 
           out onto the tundra. 
           Isha cries out to her as Nutcha carries her away.

           FROM FAR AWAY, Immanna turns and stares back at Isha-- peace, 
           love, pride and responsibility shining in her eyes.

           INT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - END FLASHBACK

           Isha sits up and looks at her new family sleeping around her. 

           She ends on Tato, asleep beside Ginana. She stares at him 
           with motherly love then gets up, careful not to wake anyone.

           EXT. ATTOPA CAMP - NIGHT

           Isha walks to the edge of the camp. The night is clear now 
           and the moon shines brightly on the white land. 

           Isha gazes expectantly out at the tundra, then puts a hand to 
           her mouth.

                                 ISHA
                        Immanna?!

           Isha smiles, hopeful, but nothing happens.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                        Immanna?

           Again, nobody appears. Disappointment spreads on Isha’s face.

           The moonlight dims. Isha looks up to see incoming storm 
           clouds. The wind picks up and snow begins to fall.

           Isha is bothered by this omen, but with the wind and snow 
           getting worse, heads back for the hut.

           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - DAY

           Tato and Kikitok stand outside in their hunting gear looking 
           disappointed as a ferocious blizzard rages around them. 

           They climb back into the hut.

           INSIDE

           Matakko and Kootoko, dressed for hunting, glance at Tato and 
           Kikitok as they enter. 

           Kikitok shakes his head and they sit down, crestfallen.
           Ginana and Ooma help the men take off their parkas. Nederka 
           grabs her coat and goes outside looking worried. 

           Isha, playing with Mootohan, looks more upset than anyone.

           Seeing this, Tato sits with Isha. He inquires about her 
           sadness but she shakes it off as if everything is fine.

           Nederka returns with an even smaller piece of old seal meat 
           than last time. Isha becomes even more dismayed. 

           Tato notes this with growing concern and confusion.

           LATER THAT NIGHT

           While everyone sleeps, Isha is again restless and stares at 
           her claw necklace as the WIND RAGES OUTSIDE LIKE A FIEND.

           She gets up quietly and heads for the exit, Tato noticing.

           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - MOMENTS LATER

           Isha stares out at the swirling blizzard. She makes up her 
           mind about something and a strange calmness settles on her.

           Tato emerges from the hut and gives her a look inquiring what 
           is wrong.

           With a bittersweet smile, Isha points at her heart and makes 
           walking motions with her fingers out at the unseen distance. 

           Tato doesn’t understand, but Isha nods in a way that says he 
           knows what she is saying.

           Slowly, disbelief crosses Tato’s face and he shakes his head.

           Isha nods again and digs into an ice mound near the hut. She 
           retrieves a small, frozen piece of stored seal meat and holds 
           it out towards him.

           Shaking his head in panic, Tato points at himself and makes 
           hunting motions-- he will go out and find more food so that 
           she does not have to leave. 

           Isha smiles and puts the meat back. She looks Tato in the 
           eyes, points at her heart, then at his.

                                 ISHA
                           (in slow Attopa)
                        Isha... loves... Tatomatahun.
                           (points at heart)
                        Isha wants...
                                 ISHA (CONT'D)
                           (makes signs of strength)
                        Tatomatahun grow strong.
                           (makes signs of death)
                        Not Tato die.
                           (makes signs of leaving)
                        Isha must go.

           Tato shakes his head, tears coming to his eyes. Isha hugs him 
           in a tight, soothing way, but Tato continues to shake his 
           head in denial.

           INT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - DAY

           Matakko and Kootoko stand at the hut entrance trying to keep 
           a defiant, fully dressed Tato from leaving, but Tato pushes 
           past them with his spear and leaves anyway. 

           The brothers look at Kikitok, playing with Mootohan.

           Kikitok waves for them to let Tato go and glances at Isha 
           sitting with the women doing their chores. 

           They share a knowing look as Ooma hands Isha a bowl of the 
           sticky goo the women use between skins.

           Isha takes it with a gracious nod and pulls out something we 
           do not see.

           OUTSIDE THE HUT - CONTINUOUS

           A RELENTLESS BLIZZARD PUMMELS TATO. 

           He repeatedly marches off into the squall in an attempt to go 
           hunting despite the weather, but keeps stopping, knowing it 
           is hopeless.

           He looks back at the hut but cannot bring himself to return.

           He puts his hands to his face and breaks down in tears.

           INSIDE THE HUT - LATER

           Tato enters looking angry and defeated. 

           He sees Kikitok and Isha sitting together at the back of the 
           hut in conference.

           Both stare at Tato with decided looks he does not like.
           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - DAY

           The storm has abated into a light snow with hardly any wind.

           Three men and women from surrounding huts run into Tato’s.

           INSIDE

           The hut is CROWDED WITH PEOPLE. A line has formed before Isha 
           who sits at the back beside Kikitok and a stone-faced Tato.

           Each person in line takes a turn stepping up and offering 
           warm wishes and thanks to Isha.

           Many women from the camp, and all those of Tato’s household, 
           look like they are holding back tears. 

           Mootohan enjoys the gathering, not understanding its purpose.

           As people thank her, Isha glances at Tato but he will not 
           look at her.

           EXT. TATO’S FAMILY HUT - LATER

           Isha exits carrying her old pack. She is followed by Tato, 
           Kikitok, Nederka holding Mootohan, then everyone else. 

           A CROWD WAITS outside, the weather momentarily breaking from 
           its savagery.

           Everyone offers thanks and signs of love to Isha. When done, 
           Isha makes her way towards the outskirts of the camp.

           Tato walks stone-faced beside her, the rest of the community 
           following behind.

           Isha breathes deep as she proceeds, becoming at peace with 
           herself and the world.

           Seeing Tato’s pain, she reaches out and takes his hand. The 
           gesture almost destroys his resolve, and he fights to hold 
           back fresh tears.

           AT THE EDGE OF THE CAMP

           Isha turns to the crowd. 

           She steps before Ooma and Kootoko and bows her head in 
           thanks. She does the same to Kikitok, who bows his head back.
           Isha steps before Matakko and Nederka holding a squirming 
           Mootohan. Isha thanks them and smiles lovingly at Mootohan.

           Mootohan reaches for Isha, wanting her to hold him. 

           She pulls the sculpture of the winged woman from her pack. It 
           has been repaired with the strange glue found at the camp.

           Isha hands it to Mootohan who is delighted by the new toy. 

           Isha then steps before Ginana and Tato.

           Isha looks deep into Tato’s eyes. Her look, and the finality 
           of the moment, almost unleash his tears but he holds them in, 
           not letting any fall. 

           Tato shakes his head at Isha, making a walking away motion.

                                 TATO
                        Don’t go.
                           (makes a flying gesture)
                        Don’t die.

           Isha smiles with nothing but love.

                                 ISHA
                           (imitates Tato’s 
                            pantomime)
                        Isha not die now. Thanks to 
                        Tatomatahun...
                           (grabs her heart)
                        ...Isha has now truly lived.

           Isha emphasizes “lived” by making an exploding motion from 
           her heart. Tato can no longer help himself, and his tears 
           fall freely from his eyes.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (in Attopa)
                        Thank you, Tatomatahun.

           Isha grabs Tato’s head and pushes her forehead against his, 
           as he once did to her in the cave.

                                 ISHA (CONT’D)
                           (in Attopa)
                        Isha will always love Tatomatahun.

           Tato shuts his eyes, letting her words roll over him like 
           heat.

                                 TATO
                        And Tatomatahun will always love 
                        Isha.
           Isha smiles and rubs Tato’s nose. 

           She takes off the claw necklace and hands it back to him. She 
           then puts Ginana’s hand in Tato’s and nods at them. 

           Isha looks at the rest of the crowd and, with a final smile, 
           turns away and heads out into the waiting storm.

           Mootohan STARTS BAWLING, seeing Isha leave, and Isha, hearing 
           his cries, smiles and closes her eyes, finally feeling the 
           love she once felt for Immanna when Immanna left.

           Isha looks back at Tato who waves goodbye. Tears of happiness 
           appear in her eyes and she waves back.

           As they stare at each other like that, THE STORM MOVES IN AND 
           SWALLOWS THEM UP FROM ONE ANOTHER-- Tato forever disappearing 
           from Isha in the swirling white mist, and she from him.

           ALONE, Isha turns to the waiting snow, ready to finally meet 
           her destiny. 

           A GLOWING WOMAN appears to Isha’s left, smiling. With a nod, 
           the woman puts out her arm to guide Isha past. 

           ANOTHER WOMAN appears on Isha’s right and does the same, 
           followed by ANOTHER WOMAN, and ANOTHER.

           Soon Isha is passing through a column of women, ALL GLOWING 
           BRIGHT BLUE IN THE PURE WHITENESS OF THE STORM.

           And there, waiting at the end, smiling proudly, is Immanna
           with the great white owl perched on her shoulder.

           As Isha nears her, Immanna steps aside and puts out her arm 
           as well, entreating Isha to pass. The white owl flies ahead, 
           guiding Isha once more as it disappears into the white snow.

           Isha passes Immanna, as implored, and facing the raging white 
           nothingness before her, begins removing her clothes.

           Onwards Isha walks, bravely disrobing, until finally, naked 
           as the day she was born, Isha walks through the destructive 
           elements of a life-taking blizzard, wearing only a defiant 
           smile of pure happiness.

                                                         FADE TO WHITE:
