                                     MORNINGSTAR 

                                      Written By 

                                     David Birke 

           February 2015 
           A CHYRON OVER BLUE: Innerdepartmental Psych Evaluation, 
           United Nations Intelligence Division. 10/07/2037 Subject: 
           Webber, M. Evaluator: Jacobs, S.

           ON VIDEO

           WEBBER, 40ish, tired. A therapeutically bland backdrop. 

                                 WEBBER 
                        I guess if we’d been true People of 
                        the Earth - farmers or Indians or 
                        something, we’d have been watching 
                        the skies. We would have known 
                        something was coming. As it was, we 
                        were driving to Stop N’ Shop.

           FLASHBACK - INT. PRIUS -- DAY

           A 5-YEAR-OLD BOY plays with an ORANGE DINOSAUR to the 
           accompaniment of a RADIO being frantically tuned... 

                                 NEWS REPORTER (O.S.)
                        ...fleeing these areas... reports, 
                        as yet unsubstantiated...

           At the wheel, the boy’s mother, MELISSA, looks terrified. The 
           boy himself seems oblivious to whatever’s going on, watching 
           passing blocks that look like they’ve been hastily evacuated. 

                                 LITTLE BOY
                        You’re going fast! 

           The voice is replaced by an EMERGENCY BROADCAST TONE as a  
           streetlight turns YELLOW.

                                 MELISSA
                        Honey, just let me listen, ok...?

           Melissa turns her head to look back. Just when an SUV 
           BRUTALLY SIDESWIPES THEM... The Prius is spun around, front-
           end totaled. The SUV, sputtering, disappears down the street. 

           The boy cries hysterically. Melissa hushes him even as she 
           frantically checks him for injury. 

           EXT. STREET -- DUSK

           Holding her son, Melissa looks up and down the weirdly 
           deserted street. She gets no service on her phone. Her eyes 
           show hope as a BMW speeds toward them.
           She tries to flag the driver down. He SWERVES around her, 
           DINGING a parked car, speeding on, heedlessly. Melissa holds 
           the boy tighter. 

           Her anxious gaze happens to land on a puddle in a pothole 
           near her feet. Reflected in the puddle, A WHITE FIGURE leaps 
           from one rooftop to another. 

           She whips around to look behind her. Nothing there now. She 
           holds her kid tightly and starts walking, the boy holding his 
           dragon. From down the deserted, dusky street behind them 
           comes an INHUMAN WAIL. Melissa makes herself focus on what’s 
           ahead... which soon turns out to be A SILHOUETTED FIGURE 
           crouched on a ledge above them. It looks, at first, like a 
           statue. A gargoyle. Whatever it is, it’s alive. It turns its 
           head to follow Melissa and the boy as they move on. She tries 
           hard not to break into a run. 

           A SHADOW flits across the street behind them. Vaguely human- 
           shaped but not moving like anything human moves. More 
           “gargoyles” appear on ledges all around them.

           Now Melissa starts running with the child in her arms... only 
           to abruptly put on the brakes as she rounds a corner and 
           finds herself facing a COLUMN OF HEAVILY ARMED NATIONAL 
           GUARDSMEN and ARMORED VEHICLES rolling toward them. 

           She opens her mouth to call to them but her voice is drowned 
           out by the HUGE VAPROUS EXPLOSION that takes out half the 
           column right before her eyes. Now, suddenly, she and her 
           child find themselves in the middle of the WAR OF THE WORLDS. 

           FLYING ORBS descend from the skies, blasting the terrified 
           and hapless soldiers. ALIENS in weirdly articulated 
           exoskeletons attack from every direction, wielding strange 
           weapons. A GIGANTIC BLACK HEXAGON lowers over the street. An 
           orifice opens at its base and hundreds of Lovecraftian 
           nightmare things emerge, with metallic yet somehow fleshy 
           TENTACLES snaking out, hungrily. 

           Melissa hides with her child behind the wreck of a car. She 
           makes the boy look at her. 

                                 MELISSA
                        Martin, you have to be my big b...

           A TENTACLE wraps around her and snatches her away, into the 
           sky. The little boy, left alone, in shock, watches her fly.

           INT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE -- DAY

           A motherly THERAPIST, bundled in a sweater, observes Webber’s 
           subdued reaction to the tale he’s just told.
                                 THERAPIST
                        You then spent four years in a 
                        series of refugee camps until your 
                        father found you? 

                                 WEBBER
                        Half the people my age have very 
                        similar stories. 

                                 THERAPIST
                        You were the worst possible age. 
                        Old enough to experience the full 
                        terror of the invasion but too 
                        young to fight...

                                 WEBBER
                        I saw a little action as a cadet. 
                        On “the Goblin.”

                                 THERAPIST
                        But not enough?

                                 WEBBER
                        The Truce thwarted my revenge. 
                        Thus, I’m a tinderbox of unresolved 
                        anger... is the hour up?

                                 THERAPIST 
                        Your division’s vetting process 
                        might be the reason we came into 
                        each other’s lives but that doesn’t 
                        mean we have to be adversarial. 

                                 WEBBER 
                        I don’t consider you an adversary. 
                        And I truly don’t give a shit if I 
                        get this promotion or not.

                                 THERAPIST 
                        You’d have me believe you don’t 
                        give a shit about anything... You 
                        did see your mother again?

                                 WEBBER 
                        Just the once.

           EXT. FOOTBALL STADIUM -- DAY

           A crowd rages as PRISONERS are led to a BONFIRE. The 
           prisoners resemble humans but their faces and flesh have been 
           flayed so that a subderma of alien skin has been exposed. The 
           crowd cheers as these human imposters are thrown into the 
           flames, one by one. 
           Young Webber and his FATHER, a careworn man in a frayed suit, 
           remain stoic and silent as a creature that wears Melissa’s 
           face defiantly mocks the mockers, an inhuman voice coming out 
           of her mouth, some alien language. Webber’s father holds the 
           boy tight as his mother leaps into the fire. As the human 
           guise burns away, the alien underneath can be seen. The 
           little boy doesn’t look away.  

           BACK TO -

                                 THERAPIST
                        As an adult, you understand that 
                        wasn’t your mother...

                                 WEBBER
                        As a child, I understood. These 
                        things are pretty simple. People 
                        like you try to complicate them. 
                        We’re different species. 
                        Eventually, we kill them or they 
                        kill us. Everything else is Kabuki.   

                                 THERAPIST
                        Like this session?

           Webber smiles. 

           THERAPIST’S OFFICE -- LATER

           The Therapist is dictating into a recording device.

                                 THERAPIST (O.S.)
                        Subject L3-1024. Webber, Martin. 
                        Special Agent, U.N. Intelligence 
                        Division. Nominee for departmental 
                        promotion...

           PANNING ACROSS files open on her desk, photos trace Webber’s 
           history: as a boy, soldiers have put a military cap on his 
           head and hoist him up; (in the b.g. the ruins of the Brooklyn 
           Bridge, strange airborne objects over Manhattan) as a young 
           officer, he receives a decoration... 

                                 THERAPIST (CONT’D)
                        Subject was cooperative but 
                        displayed an emotional 
                        calcification common to Invasion-
                        era survivors. Given classic signs 
                        of “burnout” displayed by subject, 
                        one benefit of advancement might be 
                        to get him out of the field.
           EXT. AIRPORT (CAGLIARI, SARDINIA) -- DAY 

           Webber and other rumpled PASSENGERS on a dusty airfield are 
           routed by heavily-armed POLICE to a screening queue where a 
           WHITE-COATED WOMAN takes a fingertip blood sample from 
           everyone. The blood samples pass under a blacklight device 
           that flashes GREEN and the passenger is allowed through.

           INT. AIRPORT -- DAY

           As Webber passes through the tiny terminal, TVs are showing a 
           speech by the UN GENERAL SECRETARY VOSS with Italian 
           subtitles. He stands before the Washington Monument which 
           still stands, despite being cracked in half.

                                 GENERAL SECRETARY VOSS (ON TV)
                        For two decades, the Truce has 
                        held. There has been no terror from 
                        the skies, our children sleep in 
                        their beds at night without fear...

           Webber is greeted by the dapper, middle-aged RICHARD DORNA. 

                                 WEBBER
                        They couldn’t invest in a couple of 
                        I.L. scanners to move the line faster? 

                                 DORNA
                        Indoor plumbing still hasn’t caught 
                        on everywhere here. 

           Smiling, Dorna puts a hand on Webber’s shoulder, leads him 
           on. They are met by an apple-cheeked young man. BEWLEY.

           INT. FIAT -- DAY 

           The driver is the schlubby, slightly dishevelled FELTON. 
           Bewley sits beside him, looking a little nervous. Webber 
           rides in back with Dorna. Out the window, medieval walls rise 
           above steep tenement streets.

                                 DORNA
                        I tell you Lizzie got into Vassar? 

                                 WEBBER
                        How are you going to pay for that? 
                        Rob a bank?

           The Fiat slows. Traffic. Webber sees what’s going on: In the 
           piazza ahead, TOWNSPEOPLE are burning in effigy what looks 
           like some kind of praying mantis-like creature. They carry 
           candles. Women in black are wailing, hacking off their hair. 
                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        All this started again?

                                 DORNA
                        Two days now. Since the Xenos stuck 
                        a toe over the line in Italy.

                                 WEBBER
                        Any time we exchange an angry look 
                        across the DMZ, everybody thinks 
                        it’s the end of the world. 

                                 DORNA
                        Because it could be the end of the 
                        world. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Think they’d be used to it by now. 

           Dorna gives Webber a sardonic smile. 

           INT. A CAFE -- DAY

           A news report on Secretary Voss’ speech plays on the TV over 
           the bar: the Eiffel Tower rises from what is now an alien 
           zone; all around it, strange, alien structures sprout from a 
           blasted wasteland patrolled by SPIDER-LEGGED DRONES. 

                                 GENERAL SECRETARY VOSS (ON TV, O.S.)
                        ...though a shroud fell over a stretch 
                        of our earth from the great city of 
                        Paris to the southern tip of what we 
                        still know as Germany, the human race 
                        stood united and strong...

           The OWNER of the cafe makes the universal jack-off gesture at 
           the TV. He then notices the Fiat carrying Webber and the 
           other men drive past. He gets on his phone...

                                 GENERAL SECRETARY VOSS (CONT’D)
                        Now we must be strong in order to 
                        seek a true and lasting peace...

           EXT. PALAZZO -- DAY

           Dirty, half-clothed children play soccer. The Fiat parks in 
           front of a flaking Palazzo undergoing restoration. 
           INT. PALAZZO -- DAY

           Stripped to the walls, holes in the roof. Webber walks around 
           the vast room, surveying. Bewley offers a thermos. Webber 
           shakes his head. Bewley pours coffee for himself and Felton. 

                                 FELTON
                        I didn’t dress for this. Supposed 
                        to be the fucking Mediterranean.

           They HEAR a car pull up outside. Dorna drags a chair to the 
           middle of the floor, then places another opposite. 

           FOOTSTEPS on the landing, then TWO UNDERCOVER ITALIAN POLICE 
           enter with a third man between them who wears a BLACK HOOD. 
           They seat the prisoner in the chair, remove his hood, 
           revealing a young man, sweaty, pasty. Beyond fear, 
           despairing. Webber looks out the window. Another CAR pulls up 
           outside. Now they can get started. 

                                 WEBBER
                        This isn’t about hope or 
                        bargaining. We’re past that. This 
                        is about redemption.

                                 PRISONER
                        I’ll let God judge me, not you. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A Believer?

                                 PRISONER
                        It was a figure of speech. 

           Webber sits in the chair across from the man.

                                 WEBBER
                        How many dispatches did you get off 
                        before we caught you?
                           (gives prisoner time to 
                            look at his shoes) 
                        Three agents were killed because of 
                        those dispatches. It doesn’t matter 
                        that you did it for love.

           More FOOTSTEPS. A FEMALE ITALIAN AGENT comes in with a PRETTY 
           YOUNG WOMAN beside her, hands bound. The Prisoner looks at 
           the handcuffed young woman. Pain and guilt.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        This is who you did it for? This is 
                        the great love of your life? ... 
                        Have you ever seen her naked? You 
                        haven’t, have you?
           Felton produces a KNIFE. Bewley looks away.

                                 PRISONER
                        Please... 

           Webber nods. Felton begins to draw the blade across the 
           girl’s face. The prisoner shuts his eyes tightly.

                                 WEBBER
                        Open your eyes. 

           The Prisoner opens his eyes. Felton pushes the girl to her 
           knees in front of him. A sliver of her face has been cut away 
           -  revealing an alien face peering out from underneath. 
           Shimmering white skin. A black orb of an eye.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        She’s more advanced than the first 
                        wave of infiltrators. We’ve come a 
                        long way from the days when the bugs 
                        crawled inside corpses and used them 
                        like puppets. Still, she’s just a 
                        crude imitation of a woman. Look at 
                        her. Cloned female skin stretched over 
                        an Insect from Outer Space. That’s 
                        what you were fucking.  

                                 PRISONER
                           (to her, in tears)
                        I’m sorry. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Maybe you can get past her looks 
                        but do you know what she sees when 
                        she looks at you? Vermin. Something 
                        that carries disease.

           Webber nods. Felton starts cutting the female prisoner again. 
           As Felton’s knife parts the flesh of the woman’s arm, a 
           white, spidery TENDRIL erupts there, wriggling... 

                                 PRISONER
                        Five! I sent off five dispatches. 
                        Only the first one had real intel.

           Webber nods. Felton stops. Webber and Dorna exchange looks. 
           The female agent leads the female prisoner away. Bewley 
           lingers a moment, looking anxious, then he follows too. Dorna 
           approaches the prisoner in the chair. Webber looks out the 
           window as a SILENCED SHOT is followed by a THUD. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Give her a minute to restore before 
                        we take her back out there.
           Webber looks over at the “female” alien being helped onto a 
           love seat with tattered upholstery. Her skin is already 
           visibly growing back. Emotionally, she gives nothing away.

                                 FEMALE ALIEN
                        Can I have a cigarette? 

           Bewley looks to Webber for guidance. 

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s up to you. 

           Bewley gives her one. The alien looks at the flesh of her arm 
           visibly sealing itself. 

                                 FEMALE ALIEN
                        No matter what we do, humanity 
                        always grows back. Like a fungus. 

           EXT. STREET -- DAY

           The Italian Agents escort the female alien to their car... 
           PULLING BACK we see this from the POV of someone watching 
           through a car window.  

           INT. PALAZZO -- DAY

           Felton sneaks a shot from a flask. Dorna grimly watches 
           Webber drape the dead prisoner in plastic. 

           EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF PALAZZO -- DAY

           Nearing a waiting VAN, one of the Italians notes one of the 
           soccer-playing boys in the street ahead looking her way, then 
           quickly averting his eyes. Warning bells go off.  

           She puts her hand on her weapon as a BLUE CAR comes at them 
           from the other end of the street. 

           GUNFIRE erupts from windows down the street. The officers 
           shove their prisoner behind the cover of their vehicle... 

           INT. PALAZZO -- DAY

           Webber and Dorna hit the window. Webber draws his weapon, 
           scanning. Sees street kids running from the gunfire... except 
           for that one Street Urchin who lingers.

           Webber takes aim at him. But does not pull the trigger.

                                 (MORE)
           EXT. PALAZZO -- DAY

           One of the Italians looks dead. Two others wounded. The van 
           is backing up for them to hop in... but before that can 
           happen, the Street Urchin tosses a spherical metal OBJECT. 
           The object rolls under the agents’ van. DETONATES. There is 
           no explosion, though, no smoke, no flame. The van just 
           crumples as if being crushed by an invisible fist. 

           The wounded female agent gropes for her gun as the female 
           alien rises, still bound, and starts running toward that 
           idling blue car, filled with wild hope... until a STRANGE 
           WEAPON shoved out the passenger side of the car CUTS HER IN 
           HALF with a burst of plasma fire. 

           Webber and Dorna hit the street just in time to see her fall. 
           They fire at the blue car as it careens around a corner. 
           Dorna moves to check on the Italian agents. Webber sees the 
           bomb-throwing urchin scamper - with inhuman agility- up a 
           crumbling wall. 

           A GUNSHOT rings out behind Webber - Dorna, firing as he runs. 
           Webber now raises his own gun and fires at the scampering boy-
           creature. He misses. Twice. Dorna finally hits the boy just 
           before he almost disappears over the roof. The “boy” drops to 
           the street, hideously emitting that INHUMAN WAIL we’ve heard 
           before, then freezing suddenly, eyes rolled back white, back 
           arched unnaturally and one arm reaching into the air. Like a 
           flash-preserved Pompeii victim.

                                 WEBBER
                        I gotta go back to my Smith-Wesson. 

                                 DORNA
                        The ravages of time have something 
                        to do with it too. 

           Webber smiles. They move down the street to where Bewley, 
           distraught, kneels beside the mortally wounded female alien. 
           She repeats something indecipherable, over and over.  

                                 BEWLEY
                        What’s she saying? 

                                 WEBBER
                        She’s praying. 

           The alien reaches out with a trembling hand toward Bewley. 
           The young man reacts with disgust but takes her hand. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        The words... she wants me to say 
                        the words. I know this. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 BEWLEY (CONT'D)
                                 BEWLEY (CONT'D)
                        She wants somebody to repeat back 
                        the words...

           The alien keeps trying to be understood with increasing 
           desperation. Bewley shakes his head apologetically. 

                                 BEWLEY (CONT’D)
                        A-na... utvass? I’m sorry. I 
                        can’t... 

           Webber pushes the kid out of the way and puts the alien out 
           of her pain with a point blank shot to the head. Bewley is 
           shocked, tries not to show it. Webber holsters his weapon. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A-na nathrat udvassun bethud nu 
                        neldoc net nyenvai.  

                                 DORNA
                        “I show my true face that you may 
                        know me when I come home.”

           Webber nods to Dorna as he joins them. 

           Bewley looks shaken. Webber places a hand on his shoulder, a 
           bit stiffly, but it means something to the young man. He 
           straightens up immediately.

                                 BEWLEY
                        You get used to it all, I suppose. 

                                 WEBBER
                        No.

           INT. A JET -- NIGHT

           Webber and Dorna stow their bags like business commuters. 

                                 DORNA
                        When you’re Sub-Director in D.C, 
                        you’ll miss all this excitement. 

           Webber smiles at that. They find their seats. 

                                 DORNA (CONT’D)
                        Of course, you’ll have to start 
                        wrestling with a whole other league 
                        of questions- that’s the thing I 
                        find really gets to me these days. 
                        The way questions... linger. 

           Webber looks over at him, intrigued - concerned?
                                 WEBBER
                        What’s bothering you?

                                 DORNA
                        Why did she come back? The female. We 
                        only caught her because she came back 
                        to say goodbye to him. She knew she 
                        was blown... Why come back?

                                 WEBBER
                        Maybe it was true love. 

                                 DORNA
                        What if it was?

           Webber looks at him. Are you being serious? Dorna starts 
           laughing, though it’s not clear at all that he was joking.

           EXT. PARIS - U.N. CO-OPERATIVE ZONE -- DAY

           Webber buys french bread from a STREET VENDOR. An LCD 
           billboard on the quaint, cobblestone street displays a PSA 
           about ways to spot alien imposters as A SPHERICAL DRONE that 
           resembles a Mondrian sculpture patrols, scanning citizens. 

           DRONE’S POV: Everybody shows as green.

           INT. A CAFE -- DAY

           Everyone’s glued to the same thing: a NEWS REPORT...

                                 NEWSCASTER (O.S.)
                        UN officials are downplaying the 
                        significance of these talks but many 
                        hold the hope that, after decades of 
                        tenuous truce, an era of true peace 
                        may finally be at hand...

           Only Webber has his monitor playing something else: a 
           documentary about Antarctica. He pokes at eggs. At the next 
           table, a glum CUSTOMER in a festive holiday sweater grumbles 
           loudly (in subtitled French)

                                 CUSTOMER
                        Peace? Surrender is what it is. That 
                        dickless coward Voss at the UN...

           Webber’s waitress - MIA, by nameplate, a pretty girl with a 
           stylized peace sign button on her uniform, gives Webber a 
           conspiratorial smile along with a coffee refill. 
                                 MIA
                        Good to know somebody’s having a 
                        worse day than you, huh? 

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s the holidays. 

                                 MIA
                        I’ve always had the theory there’s 
                        a direct relationship between the 
                        number of reindeer on someone’s 
                        sweater and their level of despair. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (straining for polite)
                        The check?

                                 MIA
                        Forget it. You’re a neighbor. 
                           (off his reaction)
                        I live across the walkway from you. 

           Webber nods. As the waitress walks away, it’s clear this 
           brief, pleasant exchange has stirred some turmoil in him.

           INT. A COMMUTER MONORAIL -- DAY

           Webber stares blankly out the window. The statues of what was 
           once the Jardin des Tuileries, half-submerged in fossilized 
           ash, pass by below. He shows a hint more emotion as he raises 
           his eyes toward an enormous WALL in the distance, made from 
           some seamless silver-grey metal, lined with sentry boxes.  A 
           FEMALE TOURIST is taking pictures with her phone.

                                 TOURIST HUSBAND
                        That light, that’s the “Mother 
                        Zone”. It’s like their airport.

           Beyond that wall, the alien “Mother Zone” GLOWS brightly, 
           obscured by low, grey clouds. Webber looks at it, looks away. 

           INT. MEDICAL BUILDING -- DAY

           A CAMERA POV scans green, registering Webber as he enters a 
           building. He uses a card key to access a service elevator.  

           BASEMENT (U.N. “BLACK SITE”)

           Webber steps off the elevator. A ping-pong table shares space 
           with high-tech gadgetry. 
           Bewley and a droopy-eyed Felton sit in front of a video 
           monitor: an ALIEN floats naked in a tank, tubes coming off 
           him. He looks serene and peaceful. 

                                 FELTON 
                        Like a baby. Deep in The Dream. 

                                 WEBBER
                        How long till the next waking?

                                 FELTON
                        He’s been out seven minutes. He’s 
                        talked a little. Second hand stuff. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        He says an attack’s in the works.

                                 WEBBER
                        So he reads our news sites. 

           Felton looks at his watch, presses a button. A BUZZER goes 
           off in the cell. The Alien wakes. Eyes instantly flooding 
           with pain. Bewley looks troubled. Webber notes this. Bewley 
           sees Webber’s noticed. He looks embarrassed by his reaction.

                                 BEWLEY
                        I know we’re well within the bounds- 
                        legally and morally, but... 

           Bewley trails off. Webber nods.

                                 WEBBER
                        We should never forget that 
                        severing one of them from the Dream 
                        is a brutal act of violence. If it 
                        wasn’t, it wouldn’t be an effective 
                        interrogation technique. It’d just 
                        be rudeness.

           Bewley nods, chastened. Webber stares into those agonized, 
           alien eyes on the monitor.  

           HALLWAY - LATER

           Webber takes an energy bar from a jar. GIGGLES from the 
           adjacent lunch room, and something that catches his ear...

                                 MARLING (O.S.)
                        Webber’s the one you like. Admit 
                        it. Just don’t get your hopes up. 
                        We call him “The Monk.”
           Webber peers in: a young agent, MARLING, gropes a FEMALE 
           AGENT as they converse over shared bites of yogurt with a 
           single spoon. When the female agent notices Webber there, 
           they straighten up quickly, awkwardly go back to work. 

           Once they’re gone, Webber looks with mixed emotion at the 
           yogurt cup and spoon left behind, chucks them in the trash. 

           EXT. PARIS STREET -- LATE AFTERNOON

           A HOVERING POLICE VEHICLE the size of a PT boat passes above. 

           Webber walks past a modernist-abstract MONUMENT, ringed by 
           candles, dedicated, in French, to the “Heros de 
           Arrondissement Gobelin.” He pauses to read the English 
           inscription: “...to members of all services who valiantly 
           defended the ‘Goblin Front’ 2023-2024” Overtaken by memory, 
           he looks down the street... 

           FLASH TO -- EXT. PARIS STREET (YEARS EARLIER)

           The same street in flames. Humans, some in uniform, some 
           partisans in rags, battle Aliens riding hover vehicles with 
           AKs and rocket launchers. A HUGE ALIEN CRAFT looms above all. 

           BACK TO-

           Webber shakes it off and walks on. He drops something in the 
           cup of a HOMELESS VETERAN. The Veteran salutes Webber WITH A 
           ROBOTIC LEFT ARM... as Webber keeps walking, the Veteran 
           tracks him with his eyes, seemingly with intent.

           INT. MONORAIL -- EVENING

           Webber shares a car with a FATHER and his SON. He watches the 
           boy half-dozing in his father’s lap with something like envy. 

           FLASHBACK TO- INT. A REFUGEE HOSTEL -- DAY

           Webber’s Father picks his way slowly through a dank hall 
           crowded to bursting with RAGGED CHILDREN, all with names 
           pinned to their coats. He’s not finding the child he’s 
           looking for... until one skinny urchin, slowly, warily stands 
           up. He wears the name “Martin Webber.” It’s the little boy 
           from the opening, 3 years older. 

           The man’s eyes fill with tears. He lays hands on his son so 
           gingerly it’s like he’s afraid the child will break.
           INT. ST. VINCENT CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL -- DAY

           Webber passes VETERANS with robotic limbs sitting like 
           zombies in wheelchairs. He looks in a private room midway 
           down the hall. His FATHER lies in the bed here. Old now. 

           Webber doesn’t go in. He just lingers in the doorway, 
           watching his father sleep. When the old man starts to rouse, 
           Webber clears out before he can be seen.

           INT. WEBBER’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           Spartan in the extreme. The only decor is an ABSTRACT 
           PAINTING that resembles a white landscape. 

           Webber stands at his window. A LIGHT comes on across the 
           courtyard of this slightly dilapidated 19th century, 
           Haussmann-style apartment building,- it’s that waitress, Mia 
           puttering in her little kitchen. Webber watches her with 
           concern, suspicion... and maybe something else. He closes his 
           shutters and puts the latch on. 

           EXT. SALZBURG, MARKARTPLATZ -- NIGHT

           Enchanted city, yellow lamplight. Dorna joins well-heeled 
           stragglers heading into the OPERA HOUSE. 

           INT. SALZBURG OPERA HOUSE -- NIGHT

           Dorna shows his ticket to an usher but doesn’t take a seat. 
           He watches the audience. “The Magic Flute” is in progress. An 
           OLD WOMAN, hunched, head lowered, rises from her seat and 
           comes up the aisle toward him. Dorna doesn’t glance at her as 
           she passes but when he looks in his palm, there’s a SMALL 
           BRASS KEY there. 

           OPERA HOUSE - UPPER FLOOR

           Dorna makes sure he’s unobserved then uses the key to enter a 
           private box. His eyes have to accustom to the dark. The box 
           is empty except for a lone figure, holding opera glasses, 
           seated in the first row of seats. 

           Dorna moves closer and discovers that the opera fan in the 
           seat is a macabrely smiling ventriloquist’s DUMMY. 

           The Dummy lowers the opera glasses and rotates its cracked, 
           painted face. Its mouth drops open, grotesquely wide. Before 
           Dorna can react, a YELLOWISH CAUSTIC SUBSTANCE sprays from 
           the gaping mouth. He screams as his face melts... 
           We HEAR Dorna’s death gurgles as a vaporous yellow stream 
           continues to issue from the doll’s mouth... PANNING to the 
           stage, Papageno collapses, spewing blood, followed by other 
           members of the cast, the orchestra, the now panicking 
           audience is stumbling into the aisles... 

           EXT. SALZBURG OPERA HOUSE -- NIGHT

           The “old woman” - little more than a silhouette - stops, 
           straightens up, looks back at the opera house. Listening to 
           the SCREAMS coming from inside. A well-dressed mob appears at 
           the closed front doors. Desperately pounding hands smear 
           blood on glass. From this distance, it looks the walls of a 
           huge fish tank turning red.

           INT. HQ - HOMELAND DEFENSE BLACK SITE -- DAY

           Webber enters a hive of frenetic activity...   

                                 BEWLEY
                        Four hundred and thirty dead. 
                        Initial reports are fuzzy but it 
                        looks like they used a Xenite 
                        compound, sulfur dichloride.

                                 FELTON
                        “Devil’s Piss.”
                           (to Bewley)
                        They use it in their mining 
                        operations. To dissolve rock.

                                 MARLING
                        The official Xeno response is a 
                        strong denial they had anything to do 
                        with the attack, mixed with a vow of 
                        retaliation if we indulge in 
                        “opportunism”. That means something 
                        less than fuck-all, of course, but it 
                        does beggar belief the Hex would 
                        threaten the truce so brazenly on the 
                        eve of the peace talks. 

           A photo’s being passed around. Webber puts on glasses.  The 
           photo is Dorna’s corpse. Webber stiffens looking at it.

                                 BEWLEY
                        There has always been one theory 
                        that the Xenos’ exponential birth 
                        rate necessitates them having a 
                        “doomsday plan” for global 
                        expansion- or someday inevitably 
                        developing one. 
                                 FELTON
                        Nice to know the Academy’s still 
                        teaching the obvious like it was 
                        revelation. 

           Bewley is irked by the insult but doesn’t respond.

                                 WEBBER
                        What the hell was Dorna doing in 
                        Austria anyway?

                                 BEWLEY
                        Best we can reconstruct it, he was 
                        pursuing some personal investigation. 
                        Likely, he caught wind of this 
                        Salzburg plot and got bolloxed up in 
                        the middle of it. 

                                 MARLING
                        We haven’t been able to confirm yet 
                        that Salzburg had anything to do 
                        with the report Dorna filed to 
                        Eberlin last month. 

                                 WEBBER
                        What report?

           A commotion greets a new arrival in the bunker - GAST, a 
           gaunt, imposing figure, dressed immaculately, all business.

                                 FELTON
                        It’s the grim reaper. 

           Webber is clearly not happy to see the man. Nobody is. All 
           hush as he addresses them in a slight French accent. 

                                 GAST
                        I need not remind anyone that the 
                        death of an agent in the field 
                        immediately becomes a Priority Red 
                        item. You’ll all be expected to 
                        give this one hundred percent of 
                        your time and energy. That’s from 
                        Eberlin himself. Thank you.

           Gast walks away, to murmuring. Webber pulls Marling aside. 

                                 WEBBER
                        What do you know about this report 
                        Dorna filed?

                                 MARLING
                        He didn’t tell me anything... He 
                        didn’t mention it to you?
           There’s an obvious subtext there. Webber hits it head on- 

                                 WEBBER
                        He didn’t trust me.

                                 MARLING
                        He didn’t trust anybody. 

           INT. DORNA’S HOUSE -- NIGHT

           Webber enters a living room crowded with people crying, 
           consoling, etc. Dorna’s wife, INBAL, a handsome, if brittle, 
           woman sees him from across the room and comes to him. He hugs 
           her, whispers in her ear. She pulls away, shaking her head. 

                                 INBAL
                        What happened?

                                 WEBBER
                        I don’t know. 

                                 INBAL
                        And you’d tell me if you did?

                                 WEBBER
                        We don’t know anything yet. 
                           (hushes Inbal, hugs her) 
                        You don’t have to be in control of 
                        anything right now... Look at me. 
                        Just take care of yourself, Ok? 

           She starts to protest then just nods. He holds her, gently. 

           MOMENTS LATER

           Webber places a hand on Dorna’s sulking DAUGHTER’s shoulder, 
           gives the girl a “be brave” smile and moves off. Seeing no 
           one’s watching, he slips away.

           DORNA’S STUDY

           Webber rifles through Dorna’s desk. He’s just about to search 
           the files on his computer when he notices he’s not alone: 
           Dorna’s 4-year-old son, JOSHUA, is standing in the doorway. 

                                 JOSHUA
                        This is my daddy’s room. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I know.
                                 JOSHUA
                        He’s not coming back.

                                 WEBBER
                        I know.

                                 JOSHUA
                        I remember you. We went to the 
                        ocean. You gave me a kite.

                                 WEBBER
                        I remember that.
                           (kneels in front of boy) 
                        Your father loved you very much. He 
                        talked about you all the time. How 
                        brave you are. But the thing about 
                        being brave is you don’t have to show 
                        it all the time. Sometimes you feel 
                        like crying. Sometimes you feel like 
                        locking yourself in a closet and cry 
                        for days. Brave people do that too. 

                                 JOSHUA
                        Now?

                                 WEBBER
                           (smiles warmly)
                        Whenever you want. 

           HALLWAY

           Webber stops in front of a framed photo. Dorna and his wife. 
           Caught in candid moments or smiling for the camera, they are 
           obviously in love. Webber focuses on Dorna’s smile in one 
           photo where the dead man is spoon feeding his wife ice cream. 
           His eyes betray a painful longing. Maybe envy.

           EXT. 37 RUE D’AMBOISELLE -- NIGHT

           Ghetto-looking, no surveillance in evidence. Webber accesses 
           a decrepit building via some stairs leading down.

           INT. 37 RUE D’AMBOISELLE --- NIGHT

           A DOG FIGHT in progress. A rough-looking crowd, mostly North 
           African immigrants gathered around the pit, laying money.  
           Webber enters a dark, junk-strewn gallery above. He's greeted 
           by an INHUMAN VOICE speaking in the Alien language.
                                 OSCARSSON (O.S.)
                             (subtitled)
                        Welcome brethren, Morningstar.

           Webber answers with an alien phrase of his own, startlingly 
           producing inhuman sounds-

                                 WEBBER
                             (subtitled)
                        I come unhindered to this place.

           Webber sits down next to the speaker of the alien words: 
           OSCARSSON, a professorial-looking white man, very out-of-
           place in these surroundings. He switches to English...

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Your inflection's getting better. 
                        If you were human, it would be 
                        extraordinary.

           Webber seems unamused by the compliment. Oscarsson half 
           watches the dog fight and flips through a magazine.

                                 OSCARSSON (CONT’D)
                        You can learn a lot here. About 
                        humanity. The winners get rib-eye, 
                        the losers are skinned and sold in 
                        Little Tangier, labeled as goat 
                        shank. The lucky gamblers hit the 
                        town with their winnings and get 
                        laid. The totality of human 
                        experience can be understood as 
                        economies of meat. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You’re here for research purposes? 

           Webber sees what Oscarsson’s reading. A gentleman’s magazine.

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Humans put themselves through the 
                        most remarkable contortions, 
                        seeking some sort of connection.
                           (flips to a graphic page)
                        Flesh and spirit are different 
                        things for them - that’s the key to 
                        understanding the species.   

           Webber takes the porn away from Oscarsson.

                                 WEBBER
                        Who’s responsible for Salzburg?
                                 OSCARSSON
                        I can’t imagine it happening 
                        without Abraxas’ permission. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Four hundred and thirty people!

                                 OSCARSSON
                        You should mingle a little 
                        gratitude with your shock. Dorna 
                        was filing confidential reports 
                        behind your back. It's believed he 
                        was onto you. Or getting close.

                                 WEBBER
                        If he was, I could have handled 
                        him... and that fiasco in Salzburg 
                        can’t possibly have been only about 
                        eliminating Dorna.

                                 OSCARSSON
                        I don’t imagine so. It’s becoming 
                        hard for me to tell, though, 
                        exactly how in the dark I am. There 
                        are factions now. Factions, feuds. 
                        We just have to trust Abraxas knows 
                        what she’s doing and we wind up on 
                        the winning side. 

                                 WEBBER
                        There won’t be a winning side. It’s 
                        just going to go on and on.

           A HOWL goes up. Winners cheering, losers cursing.  

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Dorna was your friend, I know.

                                 WEBBER
                           (as if accused)
                        Bill Dorna was a productive source, 
                        that’s all. Years of work down the 
                        drain.

           Webber watches the losing dog's corpse dragged from the ring.

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        I’ve done enough. I’m finished... 
                        We aren’t made to be here.  

                                 OSCARSSON
                        And yet you’ll carry on. Because 
                        the Vale is your home, on this 
                        world or any other.
                                 WEBBER
                        “Home.” We call it that but you 
                        haven’t seen it, either - except in 
                        The Dream.

                                 OSCARSSON
                              (produces a flask)
                        They’ll never forgive you for being 
                        made with human DNA. Even I - 
                        genetically pure as I am - will 
                        always be suspect, just for having 
                        spent so much time on this planet. 
                        Neither one of us will ever be 
                        considered “of the body.” That’s 
                        the truth of it.

                                 WEBBER
                        But we soldier on?

           Webber takes the flask. Sips, winces. Hands it back.

           EXT. WEBBER'S APARTMENT BUILDING -- NIGHT

           A slight drizzle as Webber walks the dark lane to his gate. 
           His antennae go up- a car is coming up behind him at an 
           unusually slow speed. Webber scans for routes of escape... 

           The car pulls alongside him. Its driver is Gast.

                                 GAST
                        If you don’t mind, shake off your 
                        coat before you get in- the 
                        upholstery. 

           Webber looks up and down the street as if he really has a 
           choice about getting in the car. He decides he doesn’t. 

           INT. GAST’S CAR -- NIGHT

           Webber watches Gast sidelong. Gast focuses on the road. 
           Webber keeps one hand near the handle of his door. 

           Webber faces forward as they pass a deserted sentry post and 
           enter an ABANDONED AIRFIELD. Webber looks very nervous now. 
           Gast stops the car. 

                                 GAST
                        This is you.

                                 (MORE)
           EXT. ABANDONED AIRFIELD -- NIGHT

           Webber exits the car. A vast field of asphalt with weeds 
           sprouting through cracks, an abandoned-looking barracks. He 
           expects a shot to ring out any second... instead, the 
           barracks’ door opens. A mildly DISFIGURED MAN waves him in.

           INT. BARRACKS -- NIGHT

           Webber enters hesitantly to the sound of light classical 
           music. A John Housemanesque figure, a shawl over his 
           shoulders, thumbs a book, cozied up near a space heater.

                                 EBERLIN
                        Not very homey, I know - my reward 
                        for being such a high value target.
                           (motions for him to sit)
                        I’m sorry about Dorna. You were 
                        friends, I know. What angers me is 
                        the stupidity of this new violence. 
                        The old status quo served both 
                        sides nicely.

           Webber throws a still wary look at the Disfigured Man - who 
           now starts serving tea. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Do we know what Dorna was looking 
                        into in Salzburg?

                                 EBERLIN
                        His report detailed this. 

                                 WEBBER
                        He didn’t share it with me. 

                                 EBERLIN
                        Yes.
                           (a loaded beat as Webber 
                            receives his cup of tea) 
                        Dorna discovered there’s a mole in 
                        the division. An infiltrator.

                                 WEBBER
                           (appropriately surprised)
                        A Xeno infiltrator imbedded in the 
                        agency? Is that possible?

                                 EBERLIN
                        We never believed it was. We now 
                        speculate they’ve developed a 
                        method of creating nothing less 
                        than an imitation human being. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 EBERLIN (CONT'D)
                                 EBERLIN (CONT'D)
                        A flawless copy, down to the 
                        genetic level... milk? We 
                        hypothesize this infiltrator was 
                        created from cells harvested from a 
                        human child sometime in the 
                        twenties.  

           Eberlin lays a a PHOTO in front of Webber. A captured video 
           frame: A SHADOWY FIGURE in a bleak industrial space.

                                 EBERLIN (CONT’D)
                        The only known image of the mole, 
                        according to Dorna. Taken from 
                        surveillance footage of sabotage at 
                        a Czech drone installation, two 
                        years ago. 

           Webber stares at the “shadowy figure” in the photo. Himself.

                                 EBERLIN (CONT’D)
                        If Dorna was correct, this mole 
                        might even have been raised 
                        unknowingly by the donors of his 
                        human DNA. He’d have had decades to 
                        polish his resume. He’d be the most 
                        dangerous double agent in history. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (concentrating on his tea)
                        If he exists. But is that all we 
                        have? Speculation?  

                                 EBERLIN
                        Well, we do know his name. 

           Webber stops stirring his tea. 

                                 EBERLIN (CONT’D)
                        His name is Morningstar. Lucifer 
                        exiled from heaven... They do wax 
                        poetic with their code names.

                                 WEBBER
                        Why am I here?

                                 EBERLIN
                        We want you to find him. The mole. 
                        “Morningstar.” Smoke him out, drive 
                        him into the light- whatever 
                        metaphor you prefer, just so long 
                        as you lay him at my feet. Alive, 
                        if possible, but we won’t quibble.   

           Webber, composing himself, manages to just nod.
           INT. WEBBER’S BEDROOM -- LATER

           Webber enters like a condemned man. He crosses to his 
           dresser, opens a drawer filled with seemingly random little 
           knick-knacks. He takes out of his jacket pocket that photo of 
           Dorna and his wife eating ice cream- he swiped it off the 
           wall. Webber stares at the photo, haunted, then adds it to 
           the things in the drawer... but before he shuts it, another 
           of the drawer's oddly mismatched contents grab his attention: 

           An orange plastic dinosaur.

           FLASHBACK TO -- EXT. STREET -- DAY 

           The Little Boy from the opening watching his mother being 
           swept away by that alien bio-mechanical tentacle. What we 
           didn’t see before: a second tentacle creeps up behind him, 
           curls around him and drags him away too...

           FLASH TO -- INT. ALIEN LAB -- DAY

           The Little Boy squirms as an AUTOMATED ARM draws blood. 

           FLASH TO -- ALIEN LAB -- LATER

           The boy’s BLOOD SAMPLE is transported on an automated trolly 
           down a weird, mirrored corridor.

           FLASH TO -- A GLASS-LIKE SPHERE

           Inside: an EMBRYO suspended in red liquid... A series of 
           DISSOLVES takes us through the development of the embryo to 
           the point where it becomes recognizable as a CLONE of the 
           Little boy...

           FLASH TO -- AN ALL-WHITE SPACE 

           The Boy sits before three oval screens. One projects rapid 
           images of news clips from Earth, one flashes depictions of 
           people and events from Earth history. The third unspools 
           inscrutable symbols. The boy anxiously presses buttons, 
           trying to keep up with the dizzying flow of information. Some 
           kind of test. 

           FLASH TO -- A BLACK ROOM

           The Boy- about ten now - sits in lotus position, periodically 
           lit by a warm orange light from above, a slow strobe. 
           The boy grins broadly, then frowns, then grimaces, smiles 
           again. Practicing facial expressions. 

           FLASH TO -- BLUE ROOM - LATER

           The boy, 12 now, stands at a window looking out over the 
           ALIEN ZONE. A strip-mined wasteland. Terraformed earth, red 
           veined with yellow. CYCLOPEAN PODS patrolling in packs; here 
           and there, ALIENS at work in MINING EXO-SUITS. The boy’s eyes 
           are focused on one point on the horizon- that shining portal 
           in the sky called “the Mother Zone.”

           FLASHBACK TO - INT. REFUGEE HOSTEL -- NIGHT 

           The joyful reunion we saw before - the clone raised in the 
           alien lab stands, wearing the name “Martin Webber” pinned to 
           his coat. “His” father, tears in his eyes, comes toward him, 
           holding the long lost child's beloved toy- that orange 
           plastic dinosaur...

           BACK TO-

           Webber shuts the dinosaur in the drawer like it was 
           incriminating evidence.

           EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING -- DAY

           Webber broods on his balcony. He’s startled by the flare of a 
           lighter on the next balcony - Mia lighting a cigarette. She 
           looks surprised by him too. She gives a half-smile.  

                                 MIA
                        Don’t judge me. 

           Feeling trapped and intensely uncomfortable, Webber manages 
           only the thinnest smile. She senses his reticence. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        You were here first. If you want 
                        privacy, I’ll wait for this. 

           Webber shakes his head. It’s ok. She nods. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        You know, Alexei took a dive out 
                        his window this afternoon. 
                           (off his lack of reaction)
                        He lived in the apartment on the 
                        other side of you. 
           Now Webber looks troubled, trying to remember the guy. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A heavy-set man? Always talking on 
                        his phone on the stairs?

                                 MIA
                        Well, not anymore. 

                                 WEBBER
                        No. I guess not.

                                 MIA
                        He waited to jump till the school 
                        across the street was getting out. 
                        Show off. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You’re the sentimental type?

                                 MIA
                        I can be. I like old movies... You 
                        do too, I guess - I hear ‘em a lot 
                        through the wall at 3 AM.

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m sorry.

                                 MIA
                        No worries. I’m an insomniac myself- 
                        that’s a touchy thing to admit, 
                        right? It’s one of the big signs? 
                        Infiltrators don’t like to sleep?

                                 WEBBER
                        They don’t like to wake up.
                           (uncomfortably realizes 
                            more’s required)
                        When they sleep, they telepathically 
                        link to their home world. Motherland’s 
                        a metaphor for us but they are 
                        literally spawned from the soil of 
                        their planet. It’s a bond they all 
                        share... in their sleep.

           Now he feels he said too much.

                                 MIA
                        Anyway, I assure you I am a 
                        certified human being. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I believe you. 
                                 MIA
                        Thank you.

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m going in now. 

                                 MIA
                        Thanks for keeping me company. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (nods; heading in, pauses)
                        You might try Chamomile tea. Also, 
                        I don’t think smoking helps. 

           She laughs. Webber smiles, goes back in, quickly.

           INT. WEBBER’S BEDROOM -- LATER

           Webber lays on the bed, like he was surrendering to death... 

           FLASH TO - THE DREAM

           A wash of white. A suggestion of smooth white skin moving 
           against smooth white skin...a sea of identical creatures 
           lolling in a white sun like a herd of seals lounging on an 
           arctic beach... moving over the gently writhing bodies, we 
           begin to see that they are emerging blind from milk-white 
           soil, being born... we plunge deeper into the white...

           BACK TO - WEBBER’S APARTMENT

           Webber wakes with the same anguished look the alien in that 
           tank had worn. He desperately climbs out of bed. 

           BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Bent over the toilet, Webber flushes. He splashes water on 
           his face. Dripping, he looks into next room. At that white 
           abstract on the wall.

           INT. “BLACK SITE” HQ - CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY

           Webber sits at the head of a conference table. He manages to 
           remain composed even as he stares, with everyone else, at a 
           blow-up of that shadowy, Czech-surveillance image of himself.
                                 BEWLEY
                        Dorna believed Morningstar was 
                        moving from espionage to terrorism, 
                        planning to attack a civilian 
                        population center. That’s the lead 
                        he was following in Salzburg...

           Bewley puts up a slide: a surveillance shot of a plain-wrap 
           PACKAGE in a metal cage with a few suitcases. Webber puts on 
           his glasses to look at this one- clearly no idea what it is. 

                                 BEWLEY (CONT’D)
                        This package of unknown origin went 
                        unclaimed in the lost luggage of 
                        Festenburg station for six days, then 
                        disappeared. According to Dorna, it 
                        wound up in Morningstar’s hands. 
                        Dorna feared the package contained a 
                        weapon. We now believe it contained 
                        the device used in the Salzburg 
                        attack. We also believe that 
                        Morningstar deliberately left the 
                        trail of clues that led Dorna to be 
                        at the opera house that night- the 
                        “two birds with one stone” concept.

           Another slide: images of opera house death. Webber betrays a 
           flicker of emotion- and not just fear of getting caught.

                                 BEWLEY (CONT’D)
                        The most troubling thing is that 
                        this bait was set for Dorna in the 
                        form of a falsified top clearance 
                        report by a fictional Romanian 
                        diplomatic attache.

                                 WEBBER
                           (genuinely stunned)
                        If Morningstar was able to pass a 
                        manipulated top clearance report, 
                        he had to have intimate knowledge 
                        of the workings of this division...

                                 GAST (O.S.)
                        Morningstar is not just UN- he’s 
                        one of us. A field agent.

           A stir in the room at a late arrival- Gast. Webber is clearly 
           not happy to see him. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Mr. Gast, you’re joining us? 
                                 GAST
                        At Eberlin’s request. I’m just here 
                        to consult and advise... But, if I 
                        may, I’d add that our nemesis took 
                        a risk, showing his hand in order 
                        to bait Dorna. Morningstar must 
                        have felt an urgent need to have 
                        Dorna out of his way.

                                 WEBBER
                        You believe Salzburg was just a 
                        prelude to something else.

                                 GAST
                        Personally, I expect Morningstar’s 
                        sequel to be something much gaudier. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (nods)
                        Our best lead is the Salzburg 
                        package. We have to locate the 
                        courier who delivered it to 
                        Morningstar. Find the courier, 
                        we’ll find our man. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        Or woman.

           Webber smiles, gives the young man an encouraging nod.

                                 GAST
                        When you have a moment...? 

           Gast nods to the others. He wants to speak alone. Webber 
           dismisses the others with a gesture. Soon, they’re alone. 

                                 GAST (CONT’D)
                        We were just contacted by Dorna’s 
                        principle source. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (surprised, inwardly 
                            alarmed)
                        Who is he?

                                 GAST
                        A Xeno who'll only identify himself 
                        as a “friend from the North.” He's 
                        coming across the wall in nine hours. 
                        He says he’s not defecting. Just 
                        wants to meet. He claims to be 
                        motivated by a desire for peace.
                                 WEBBER
                        In other words, he’s telling us 
                        what we want to hear. 

                                 GAST
                        Lisbon vouches for him. He 
                        apparently named two infiltrators 
                        in Portugal. Both leads panned out.

                                 WEBBER
                        Could’ve been sacrificial lambs.

                                 GAST
                        Maybe. But he claims to know the 
                        identity of every enemy agent 
                        active in the Eurozone. 

           That makes Webber almost break a sweat but he keeps his cool. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A bold claim. 

                                 GAST
                        Maybe. We’ll know in nine hours. 

           INT. WEBBER’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           Webber comes in, draws the blinds, turns out all the lights. 
           He crosses to the drawer he opened before and lifts out a 
           false bottom panel. He urgently retrieves a passport and 
           several different national currencies... only to abruptly 
           stop himself. Cursing under his breath. He puts everything 
           back. He’s in the middle of replacing the panel when he hears 
           a KNOCK on his door. 

           He draws his gun, aims it at the door. Waits.

           After a moment, FOOTSTEPS retreat. Webber creeps up on the 
           door. Something’s been left on the ratty carpet in front of 
           his apartment: a LAVENDER BOX. He considers a moment then 
           carefully retrieves the box and shuts and re-bolts the door. 
           He handles the box like a bomb. Puts it on a table, gingerly 
           lifts the lid, prepared for it to blow up in his face... 
           Instead, he finds a bag of VALERIAN ROOT TEA. A note: “this 
           works for me, sort of” It’s signed: “Mia (your stalker)” 
           Webber looks troubled by this.   
           MOMENTS LATER

           Webber peers past his curtains. Mia’s in her kitchen window. 
           In her underwear, eating cherry ice cream straight out of the 
           carton. He seems to catch himself staring a second too long 
           and quickly turns away. 

           INT. OSCARSSON’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           Spartan as Webber’s. Oscarsson stumbles in, a little drunk... 
           he’s startled to find Webber sitting in the dark, waiting for 
           him. Webber taps the coffee table with his shoe- it’s covered 
           with empty vodka bottles and “selfies” apparently taken by 
           Oscarsson in an inebriated state.

                                 WEBBER
                        You lecture me about going native?

                                 OSCARSSON
                           (sits down, anxious)
                        I would be embarrassed but I still 
                        haven’t quite grasped the concept of 
                        shame.

                                 WEBBER
                        Richard Dorna was lured to his 
                        death by a field agent with top 
                        clearance. I didn’t do it but 
                        somebody did. Someone who can pass 
                        for human, just like me.
                           (cutting him off)
                        Stop, realize there’s no point in 
                        lying, and start over. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Yes. You have a “brother.” They 
                        created two of you... There were 
                        more originally.

                                 WEBBER
                        What happened to the others?

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Exterminated. They were deemed too 
                        human to ever be trusted. One, I’ve 
                        heard, took a human lover. 
                           (seeing Webber's 
                            disbelief, nods)
                        You and one other were spared 
                        because they considered you 
                        unstained by human emotion. Until 
                        recently, I’d have agreed.
                                 WEBBER
                        Have I ever given any reason to 
                        doubt me? All I’ve sacrificed...

                                 OSCARSSON
                        But that’s just it, don’t you see? 
                        If you were “true brethren,” the 
                        things you’ve renounced wouldn’t be 
                        sacrifices- they’d be things 
                        successfully avoided. 

           Oscarsson accompanies this with a smile and a good-natured 
           shrug but Webber registers the words darkly. He nods.  

                                 WEBBER
                        All that matters is the situation 
                        I've been put in now. Eberlin just 
                        gave me a new job: hunting down 
                        Morningstar. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                           (bursts out laughing )
                        You're a Greek tragedy!

                                 WEBBER
                           (rising to leave)
                        Tell Abraxas if she doesn’t lift 
                        me, I’ll have to resolve the 
                        situation myself, and that'll come 
                        down to this other guy or me.

                                 OSCARSSON
                        She won’t respond well to 
                        blackmail. 

                                 WEBBER
                        My standing orders are to advance 
                        my position at any cost- and it is 
                        an absolute operational necessity 
                        that I keep breathing. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        As your handler, I feel compelled 
                        to point out if you need to deliver 
                        up a Morningstar, I’m obviously the 
                        one who should be sacrificed. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You don’t fit the frame. You’re not 
                        a field agent. 
                                 OSCARSSON
                        You could make it work. It could be 
                        said, in fact, that your letting me 
                        live’s a sign of human infection. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (at the door)
                        I may get back to you. 

           INT. MONORAIL -- DAY

           Webber rides with mid-day commuters, looking around, 
           paranoid. He doesn’t stand out. Everyone looks paranoid.

                                 NEWSMAN (ON A MONITOR)
                        While denying that the movement of 
                        300,000 UN troops to the Red Line 
                        was a retaliatory gesture, 
                        Secretary-General Voss did invoke 
                        Salzburg in asserting “humanity’s 
                        right to self-defense...”

           A woman crosses herself. Webber turns from the news and winds 
           up looking at a PSA poster about dealing with anxiety. A 
           cartoon character who looks like Munch’s Screamer turns 
           orange and smiles in the embrace of other orange people. 
           Tagline: DON’T GO IT ALONE.

           EXT. ZOO -- DAY

           Webber walks past cages that contain the usual monkey or 
           meerkat, mixed with the odd, unidentifiable alien species. He 
           finds the Homeless Veteran with the Robotic Arm he once gave 
           a coin to (SION) staring into a cage that holds a ferret-like 
           ALIEN CREATURE. A placard tell how these “Maru” were used as 
           attack animals in the war. (scene in subtitled French)

                                 SION 
                        Morningstar, I’m honored.

                                 WEBBER 
                        Don’t get excited. I don’t need 
                        anyone killed. I just need a name. 
                        If I were going to move an item 
                        through Salzburg, who would I use? 

                                 SION
                        Salzburg’s a little hot at the 
                        moment, don’t you think?

           Webber gives him a look. Sion shrugs. 
                                 SION (CONT’D)
                        There’s a guy at Festenburg 
                        Station. A customs agent. His 
                        name’s Anders. Karl Anders. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You still have a UN caseworker you 
                        pass disinformation to? 

                                 SION
                        I would’ve been picked up a long 
                        time ago if I didn’t. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I want you to give him the name you 
                        just gave me. 

                                 SION
                        You’re going to burn Anders, why?

                                 WEBBER
                        We’re doing explanations now?

           Sion doesn’t like it but he doesn’t argue. Webber walks away.

                                 SION
                        Hey, Webber, maybe someday they’ll 
                        put you in a cage like this. They’d 
                        have to come up with a name for 
                        what you are.   

           Webber looks back but he doesn’t take the bait. 

           INT. HQ - WEBBER’S OFFICE

           Webber sits at his desk, anxiously waiting. His eye is drawn 
           to the note Mia wrote him. He picks it up. He uses an app on 
           his phone to SCAN it with ultra-violet light, as if looking 
           for a secret message. He sees nothing. Just that signature: 
           “Mia (your stalker.)” 

           He looks up as Bewley comes in. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        We have a new lead: a Karl Anders. 
                        He’s an Austrian customs agent. 

           Webber acts like this is news. Mildly interesting news.  

           OUTER OFFICE - LATER

           Webber studies a HOLOGRAPHIC PHOTO of KARL ANDERS.
                                 WEBBER
                        Have we got him under live 
                        surveillance now? 

           Bewley conjures up an image on another screen: a live feed of 
           an apartment building. Framed by a window, a heavy-set bald 
           man (ANDERS) is watching TV in his unit.

                                 BEWLEY
                        Nothing yet. 

           Webber nods. He subtly reaches into his pocket and presses a 
           button on his phone to make it RING. He pretends to answer. 

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Yes... I told you, yes... alright.

           He hangs up with a slightly melodramatic sigh. Bewley looks 
           over, not wanting to be a busybody.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        It’s alright. It’s part of the job 
                        description to be curious. 

                                 BEWLEY
                           (smiles a bit shyly)
                        Is everything alright?

                                 WEBBER
                        Yes. It’s just that we’re going to 
                        be trapped on this thing for God 
                        knows how long. Before I disappear 
                        into it, I have a friend- she’s 
                        going to need to be... placated.

           Bewley gets it and nods, smiles- proud to be taken into 
           Webber’s confidence. Webber heads out. He looks toward Gast, 
           who’s conferring with a secretary, then heads the other way, 
           toward a fire exit. 

           EXT. ANDERS’S BUILDING -- NIGHT

           The same angle from the surveillance footage. A TEAM with a 
           camera watches the window of Anders’s apartment. The heavy-
           set bald man is watching TV... PAN DOWN to Webber in the 
           grimy street below, in the shelter of a shop doorway. He 
           compares the lay of the street to the blueprint on his phone 
           with blinking markers indicating the position of the 
           surveillance teams. He slips in a side entrance, undetected. 
           INT. ANDERS’S APARTMENT

           The alien known as Anders is watching a documentary about 
           life in the arctic. His phone rings. A text. A jumble of 
           letters. He fights the urge to look over his shoulder. 

           EXT. ROOFTOP ACROSS THE STREET -- DAY

           The agents see Anders leaving his apartment.

           INT. ANDERS’S SHOP -- NIGHT

           Webber hears FOOTSTEPS. The rear door opens and Anders 
           enters. Webber stops him from touching the light switch. 

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s best if you don’t see me. 

           Anders nods, closes the door without looking at Webber. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        We might have crossed paths once - 
                        Istanbul?

                                 ANDERS
                        I don’t think so.

           Anders is very nervous- but careful not to look back - as 
           Webber follows him into a darkened back room.

                                 WEBBER
                        My agency believes I recently had 
                        you smuggle a package for me which 
                        contained a device that killed a 
                        bunch of people in Salzburg. Couple 
                        of interesting notes on that: I’ve 
                        never used you to smuggle anything 
                        and I did not kill those people. 

           Webber discovers a perfectly intact, MALE HUMAN SKIN in a tub 
           filled with amber liquid. Air fresheners dangle from strings 
           along the curtain rod.

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        You’re preparing a skin?

                                 ANDERS
                        “Anders” served his purpose. 

           Webber looks over at the corpse. The dead man is Asian.
                                 ANDERS (CONT’D)
                        I know- old school. I’m first wave. 
                        I never got outfitted with one of 
                        the new synthetics... You never had 
                        to fuck around with this shit, did 
                        you?

                                 WEBBER
                        So, you do know me?

                                 ANDERS
                        I just know what everyone knows: 
                        that Morningstar was born human... 
                        Or, at least, you know... 

           He regrets the inadvertent insult. Webber steps into the 
           light, smiling thinly. Anders anxiously steps back. 

                                 ANDERS (CONT’D)
                        I picked up a package at a hotel in 
                        Marseille and delivered it to 
                        Salzburg. That’s all. It was a dead 
                        drop at both ends. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Who gave you the assignment? 

                                 ANDERS
                        There were no names. I only met him 
                        once. For maybe two minutes. 

           Webber eyes him. Anders rests his hand on a cabinet... which 
           has a concealed GUN affixed to the back side... 

                                 WEBBER
                        What did he look like?

                                 ANDERS
                        Kinda like you. Taller, blonde. He 
                        said like two words to me. He was 
                        on the phone. 

                                 WEBBER
                        The phone? Who was he talking to?

                                 ANDERS
                        Actually... it sounded very much 
                        like he was getting shit from a 
                        girl. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A girl? A female human?
                                 ANDERS
                        I jumped to that conclusion. It was 
                        a very... human-sounding 
                        conversation. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You didn’t find this remarkable? 

                                 ANDERS
                        I didn’t know how to judge what was 
                        unusual with him. Given that he 
                        was... 

           Anders realizes he’s said too much, stops. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A freakish mutant? Like me?

                                 ANDERS
                        I didn’t say that. 

                                 WEBBER
                        No, you did not say that.

           Anders moves his hand to the gun as Webber comes closer.

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        You’re under full spectrum 
                        surveillance. I can give you a 
                        window of ten minutes... We did 
                        meet, didn’t we? 

                                 ANDERS
                        Yes. Istanbul. I remember you, 
                        Webber, but you can trust me.

                                 WEBBER
                        True Brethren have no need of 
                        trust. We are one.  

           Webber’s smile reassures him. Anders nods, breathing easier. 
           His hand moves from his gun as he turns away. As soon as 
           Anders presents his back, Webber withdraws a gloved hand from 
           his pocket, holding a long, thin blade and stabs Anders in 
           the base of the skull. 

           Webber’s phone RINGS as he’s searching Anders’ pocket. He 
           answers, rifling through Anders’ wallet.  

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        Yes.
                                 GAST (O.S.)
                        Anders left his flat several 
                        minutes ago but hasn’t 
                        materialized.

           Webber finds what appears to be a HOTEL CARD KEY. No 
           identifying markings on either side.

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Send in a recon team. West 
                        entrance.

           Webber opens the bag of tools, takes out a sharp, flat blade. 
           He leans over Anders’s body and starts slicing away skin. 

           MOMENTS LATER

           A glimpse of the WHITE BODY of the alien that had been hidden 
           beneath “Anders” skin as Webber zips up a black body bag. He 
           drops the wallet’s contents on the bloody floor, making sure 
           the hotel key is left in a slightly prominent place.

           FRONT OF SHOP

           With the body bag cradled in his arms like a child, Webber 
           waits behind a shelf for a team of agents to pass. 

           EXT. ALLEY -- NIGHT

           Webber places the body bag in the trunk of a RENAULT.  

           INT. ANDERS’S SHOP - BACK ROOM -- NIGHT

           The FLASHLIGHTS of the searching agents play over “Anders’s” 
           gorily discarded human form on the floor. A moment later, 
           they discover the tub of amber liquid - the human skin that 
           had been floating in it is gone now. 

           INT. CAR -- NIGHT

           Webber answers his phone as he drives. 

                                 FELTON (O.S.)
                        He jumped. There’s signs he had 
                        another skin prepared. 

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Lock down the building and bring in 
                        a full scan team. 
           He hangs up, checks his calmness in the rear view. 

           EXT. STREET BESIDE THE SEINE -- NIGHT

           Webber dims his lights as he cruises down a dark street that 
           is obviously some kind of surveillance state dead zone, 
           judging by the little playlets of illicit activity he passes. 
           People shooting up, coupling with prostitutes.  

           He pulls over and waits as the SEARCHLIGHT of a Police 
           Hovercraft passes overhead. It misses him.

           MOMENTS LATER

           Webber drops the alien body in the Seine. 

           EXT. ANDERS’S BUILDING -- NIGHT

           FRENCH POLICE have set up barricades. Webber flashes his ID.

           INT. ANDERS’S BUILDING -- NIGHT

           Webber enters the room where Anders’s blood is still on the 
           floor. Bewley greets Webber with the HOTEL CARD KEY, now in a 
           plastic bag. As Webber inspects it, Gast joins them.

                                 BEWLEY
                        It’s a standard hotel card key. 
                        It’ll take some time to track the 
                        one it came from.

           Webber walks on, looks in the area with the tub as if seeing 
           it for the first time. He’s irked that Gast follows.

                                 GAST
                        You took your time.

                                 WEBBER
                        I was following up on a lead. A 
                        K.A. of Anders’, in Montmartre.

                                 GAST
                        Really? You took a rather 
                        circuitous route to get here. Via 
                        the Rue Montaigne bridge?

           Webber feels a thrill of fear at Gast’s knowing smile, as the 
           other agent produces his phone and shows him a GPS readout.

                                 (MORE)
                                 WEBBER
                        You’re tracking my car’s toll pass? 

                                 GAST
                        All personnel’s movements are being 
                        tracked. Including my own. I don’t 
                        mean to be confrontational. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Of course, you do. Eberlin 
                        obviously put me in charge of this 
                        task force over your objections. 
                        You don’t trust anyone outside your 
                        little, fascist clique. I 
                        understand the resentment.   

           Gast smiles. You got me. 

                                 GAST
                        Was your friend “placated?”

           Webber looks taken aback a moment, then smiles. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Yes, we fucked. I wasn’t aware I 
                        was required to issue a staff memo. 

           Gast shrugs and turns to walk away. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        In the interest of full disclosure, 
                        she’s a known Sympa, the girl.   

                                 GAST
                        Of course. 

           Gast says this with clear malevolence. Webber doesn’t let his 
           poker face betray any concern until he’s alone. 

           INT. WEBBER’S APARTMENT BUILDING -- NIGHT

           Webber waits in the shadows at the end of a corridor. He 
           sights his quarry: Mia, getting off the elevator, struggling 
           with heavy grocery bags. He pretends to be happening upon 
           her. He gestures in the direction of her bags. She goes “oh.” 
           He interprets that as “yes, I need help” and takes her bags. 

                                 MIA
                        Thanks. I see you’re also roaming 
                        the halls at two-thirty. 
                           (digging for keys)
                        I never had trouble sleeping before 
                        I came to Paris. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 MIA (CONT'D)
                                 MIA (CONT'D)
                        I spent a lot of my childhood being 
                        shuttled around camps in the north. 
                        I’ve never gotten used to the quiet 
                        here.

                                 WEBBER
                        You’re Dutch?

                                 MIA
                        Amsterdam. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (registering the meaning)
                        I’m sorry.

                                 MIA
                        Yeah.

           She finally finds her keys, opens the door.

           INT. MIA’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           She turns on lights as Webber puts the bags down on the 
           nearest clear space- which takes some searching. Her place is 
           the opposite of his, borderline hoarder-cluttered. 

                                 MIA
                        You can move the macrame ape... 
                        and, yes, I know I have a macrame 
                        ape.

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m not judging. 

           Webber puts the bag down, furtively scoping out the place. 

                                 MIA
                        I’m torn- I kind of feel like I 
                        should ask “You want some coffee?” 
                        This is kind of a classic “you want 
                        some coffee” situation... right? 

                                 WEBBER
                        You should probably heed your first 
                        instinct and tell me to go away.

                                 MIA
                        Where’d you get that from?

                                 WEBBER
                        Your words.
                                 MIA
                        Fair enough. I just meant I 
                        couldn’t think why you’d want to 
                        have coffee at 3AM. But now you 
                        have to have coffee. Take off your 
                        coat.  

           As she sets about making coffee, Webber looks out the window, 
           scanning for signs of surveillance. Turning from the window, 
           he examines a flyer tacked to the wall. It advertises a play 
           with an illustration of a donkey-headed man. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You’re an actress?

                                 MIA
                        One of my gigs. It’s an amateur 
                        production we’re putting on at the 
                        Veteran’s Center - courtesy of a UN 
                        arts grant because everybody knows 
                        shell-shocked vets are way into 
                        experimental theater.

                                 WEBBER
                        Who are you in it?

                                 MIA
                        I guess ultimately I’m a drug 
                        addict in a hospital where they’re 
                        putting on a production of 
                        Midsummer’s Night’s Dream. In that, 
                        I’m Hyppolyte playing Thisby... I 
                        think. It’s very Post-Postmodern. 
                        You lose track.
                           (gives up on coffee 
                            machine)
                        This thing’s buggered... There’s a 
                        place across the street. It’s an 
                        okay place. They’ve got live music 
                        sometimes. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Hopefully this won’t be one of 
                        those times. 

                                 MIA
                           (a big smile)
                        Right?!

           INT. A BAR/CAFE -- NIGHT

           He sips plain milk. She repeatedly stabs a strawberry tart, 
           not looking up. Webber notes her peace sign button.
                                 WEBBER
                        That’s an interesting button for 
                        someone from Amsterdam to wear.

                                 MIA
                        It’s not about peace. When a war 
                        starts, there are always only two 
                        sides, the people doing the 
                        fighting and the ones caught in the 
                        middle. So this is my little “fuck 
                        you” for them.

           Webber is struck by those words but is careful just to smile. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        You’re not going to try some? 
                           (re: the tart. He shakes 
                            his head) 
                        Do you only eat soft-boiled eggs? 
                        That’s all you ever order.

                                 WEBBER
                        It gets the job done. 

           She picks one of the berries out of her tart with the end of 
           her fork, offers it to him. He looks slightly threatened. 

                                 MIA
                        These are Mandarin Strawberries. 
                        People have spent decades sitting 
                        cross-legged on mountaintops- they 
                        could’ve just eaten one of these. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m alright.

                                 MIA
                           (shrugs- suit yourself)
                        There are good things in this 
                        world. You just have to keep your 
                        eyes open... but maybe not too 
                        open. Squint, I guess, is what I’m 
                        saying.

           Mia squints her eyes at him. Webber smiles. He watches her 
           eat. Impulsively, he plucks a strawberry off her plate. He 
           hesitates, pops it in his mouth. His face screws up. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        You’re hopeless.

                                 WEBBER
                        No... It’s incredibly good 
                        actually. 
           He looks somehow deeply moved by the berry experience. 

                                 MIA
                        Well, don’t cry about it. 

           He laughs. She chuckles too. 

           EXT. STREET --- NIGHT

           Webber and Mia stroll a rain-slicked avenue, past a vast, 
           MURAL depicting events of the First Xeno War. One panel is a 
           tribute to an AMERICAN GENERAL, depicted wearing a Baltimore 
           Orioles cap and sternly pointing. 

                                 MIA
                        I thought General Blake was my 
                        father when I was a kid. I was in 
                        the American camp at Avignon till I 
                        was seven. They made us all 
                        “Blake’s Rangers.” We sang songs, 
                        did drills. We all wore patches 
                        with that bird on it- the Baltimore 
                        Oriole. For a long time, I thought 
                        I was American... It’s so 
                        ridiculous to feel homesick for a 
                        place I’ve never even been.

           Webber understands better than he dares let on. She stops to 
           look at a depiction of human refugees fleeing Den Hague. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        The truth is I don’t have anyone to 
                        speak English with and I miss it. 
                        That’s why I talk to you at the 
                        cafe.

           Mia puts her smile back on but he sees through it, feels 
           what’s underneath it. For a moment, it’s very much like 
           something were going to happen. He sabotages the mood, 
           walking on, quickly switching to an impersonal topic-

                                 WEBBER
                        Blake gets credit for holding back 
                        the Xeno “armada” but the truth is 
                        that first Xenon wave, their only 
                        weapons were hastily retrofitted 
                        mining equipment...

           In his haste, Webber trips a little on a step. He catches 
           himself on Mia. She laughs. He’s embarrassed. She gives him a 
           once over, straightens his lapel. Again, the danger of 
           intimacy. This time Mia senses his reticence. 
                                 MIA
                        It’s almost five. We can say we 
                        spent the night together. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (smiling)
                        That can be said.

           INT. MIA’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           An old western’s on TV. Mia’s fallen asleep beside Webber - 
           who reacts uncomfortably as her leg stretches across his lap. 
           Her robe, hitched up, exposes an hourglass tattoo on her 
           thigh. Compelled somehow, he touches the inked patch of skin 
           like it was some rare and fascinating specimen. Then he makes 
           himself look away and carefully removes the leg, getting up 
           quietly as he can. 

           Keeping one eye on Mia, Webber withdraws a handkerchief from 
           the jacket he’s slung over a chair and goes into her 
           bathroom. 

           Opening the handkerchief, he carefully removes a RAZOR 
           speckled with his stubble. He places the razor inside her 
           medicine chest... his phone VIBRATES. 

           He answers quickly- a text message: Downstairs. Now. 

           INT. GAST’ CAR -- NIGHT

           Webber rides with Gast, struggling to not show his anxiety. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Where are we picking-up our 
                        Northern friend?

                                 GAST
                        No pick-up. We’re meeting him 
                        halfway. In the DMZ. 

           Webber is really displeased by this news. 

           EXT. STREET NEAR DMZ -- NIGHT

           From the top of a wall, the outline of ruined structures like 
           the Arc de Triomphe are intermittently lit up by passing 
           searchlights. UN SENTRIES guard an idle cable car. We see 
           that the cable car line runs upward to a platform atop the 
           Alien Wall on the opposite side of the DMZ.  Below, Webber 
           and Gast shake hands with two FRENCH AGENTS, one (MARCEL) is 
           a bit grizzled, wearing a Ramones T-shirt. 
                                 FRENCH AGENT
                        This is Marcel. He’s our best 
                        stalker. He’ll guide you through. 

                                 MARCEL
                        Just follow my every utterance like 
                        the voice of God and you’ll be ok.

           Gast smiles. Webber tries to too. They all walk to the edge 
           of a yellow line painted on the ground, wait there.

                                 MARCEL (CONT’D)
                        The Sentry in that tower has 
                        standing orders to incinerate 
                        anything that tries to come out of 
                        the zone. He’s stepping out for a 
                        piss but he can’t stretch it past 
                        an hour. We’re not out by then, we 
                        become permanent residents.

           With audible THUNKS, the klieg lights illuminating the area 
           of zone in front of them go out, one by one. 

           Gast and Marcel cross the yellow line. Webber lingers, eyes 
           focus on that mist-shrouded ball of light on the alien side 
           of the DMZ. The Mother Zone. So close and so far.

                                 GAST
                        Are we keeping you from something?

           Webber nods and follows. 

           DMZ

           They cross the blasted landscape, past the ruins of the 
           Eiffel tower. Marcel motions for them to stop. He points to a 
           FLOATING ORB approaching.  

                                 MARCEL
                        Watch it. Don’t get within a foot 
                        of one of those. There’s leftover 
                        ordinance everywhere here, ours and 
                        theirs. Just about anything you 
                        touch in this place can kill you.  

           The orb slowly passes. They move on. 

           They soon enter a wide, barren field, bordered by crumbled 
           stone walls. Marcel walks point with a hand-held device. 

                                 MARCEL (CONT’D)
                        That used to be my school over 
                        here. I like it better this way...
           Marcel raises his hand for Webber and Gast to hold- a RED DOT 
           has popped up on his device. He directs them with gestures to 
           avoid a spot of ground. A few steps on, more ominous RED 
           DOTS. Webber and Gast trade anxious looks but they press on, 
           following the guide.

           At the other end of the minefield, they find themselves at 
           the stone steps of a ruined chapel. An ethereal blue light 
           shines within. Webber and Gast draw their weapons, enter.

           INT. RUINED CHAPEL -- NIGHT

           A blue glowing ball hovers, providing temporary illumination. 
           The ALIEN waits for them in a cathedral chair, wearing a 
           carapace-like exoskeleton. His inhuman face blurry behind a 
           translucent mask, he resembles a Francis Bacon pope. 

                                 GAST
                        Hodinth snal takreth...

           The Alien raises a hand. Speaks English in a filtered voice-

                                 ALIEN
                        Do not strain yourself.

           Gast nods gratefully. Webber and Gast put away their guns - 
           though Webber keeps his hand close, even as he takes a seat. 

                                 ALIEN (CONT’D)
                        I thank you for coming...

                                 GAST
                        You claim to possess a complete 
                        list of your infiltrators operating 
                        on our side of the zone?

           The alien’s mask turns toward Webber. A coincidence?

                                 ALIEN
                        I know our time is short. I know 
                        what interests you is Morningstar. 

           The Alien’s face is inscrutable behind his mask. Every muscle 
           in Webber’s body tenses but his face remains placid.

                                 GAST
                        You can identify him?

                                 ALIEN
                        No. There is no image of him in our 
                        collective memory. We are all 
                        threads of a single tapestry. But 
                        he is an aberration. A monster.

                                 (MORE)
           Webber registers pain in the merest twitch of his left eye. 

                                 ALIEN (CONT’D)
                        He is one of us but not of the 
                        body. Murder is not in our nature. 
                        This is what we’ve come to- using 
                        instruments such as him.  

                                 GAST
                        Enough moralizing. What can you 
                        tell us about this Morningstar? 

                                 ALIEN
                        I don’t have to tell you anything. 
                        I can give him to you. 

           Webber’s hand moves to his gun as the Alien reaches into his 
           exoskeleton and produces what appears to be A DATA DISK. 
           Webber looks at the other two men. Wondering if he shouldn’t 
           just make a break for it right now.

                                 ALIEN (CONT’D)
                        This disk contains the complete map 
                        of Morningstar’s DNA. The genetic 
                        template used to create the 
                        imposter. My gift to you.

           The Alien holds the disk out in Webber’s direction. He  
           reaches for it but the Alien won’t relinquish it so easily. 

                                 ALIEN (CONT’D)
                        But there is something more 
                        important than this you must know: 
                        I do what I do for my home and for 
                        peace... 

           Webber agonizes, wanting to grab the disk... 

                                 ALIEN (CONT’D)
                        There are elements on my side, 
                        fanatics, who want war. They 
                        believe in the fantasy of Total 
                        Victory...

           Marcel sees a SHAPE moving amid the rubble outside. 

                                 MARCEL
                        We’re not alone.

                                 ALIEN
                           (growing urgent)
                        They are planning another attack. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 ALIEN (CONT'D)
                                 ALIEN (CONT'D)
                        One that will scuttle the peace 
                        process forever. Salzburg was 
                        nothing.

           Webber reacts with genuine shock to that news... More 
           movement outside. Shadows. Marcel draws his weapon. 

                                 MARCEL
                        We have to go. Now.

                                 GAST
                        What’s the target?!

                                 ALIEN
                           (distracted, distraght)
                        It was only copper. That’s all we 
                        wanted when we first came. We gave 
                        no thought to how your species 
                        would react. We’d never 
                        encountered...

           A SHOT from outside smashes the Alien’s mask. Gooey matter 
           explodes against the shattered glass. 

           Webber, Gast and Marcel duck. A barrage of PLASMA FIRE rips 
           through the archways, melting the chapel walls in places.

           The data disk drops from the alien’s limp grip to the floor. 
           Weber crawls toward it... but Marcel gets to it first!  

           Gast fires into the dark, blindly. The barrage stops. From 
           outside, the chilling sound of ALIEN CLICKS and HISSES. 

                                 MARCEL
                        Our window’s closing.

           Webber impetuously gets up and runs out the door. Gast and 
           Marcel follow right behind,  firing wildly...

           EXT. RUINED CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS

           As the three men emerge, they are scattered by FIRE from 
           multiple positions. Webber ducks behind some rubble. Webber 
           has a realization. This is a chance. A smile appears on his 
           face. He runs into the darkness where he knows the aliens are 
           waiting... But he’s not met with open arms. They open FIRE. 

           He throws himself against a free-standing column. Speaks in a 
           loud whisper between bursts of fire-

                                 WEBBER
                        Ah-na nathrac! Konna Morningstar!
           The firing stops. CLICKS, HISSES. Talking among themselves. 
           Webber puts his gun away and shows himself. Hands raised. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Morningstar! Morningstar!

           Webber moves foward, listening to NOISES all around him. An 
           ARMED ALIEN rises up in front of him, wearing a black version 
           of one of their high-tech suits. Webber smiles. The Alien 
           speaks in the Alien language- 

                                 GAST (O.S.)
                        Webber?!

           Hearing the harsh whisper, the Alien raises his weapon. 

                                 WEBBER
                        No!

           The Alien has Webber dead to rights but TWO SHOTS RIP THROUGH 
           HIM just as he fires. The Alien’s shot WHIZZES past Webber’s 
           ear. Webber then sees it’s Gast who saved him. They make eye 
           contact just before ALIEN RETURN FIRE opens up from at least 
           three new directions. 

           Webber takes cover with Gast behind a low wall. Marcel falls 
           in beside them. 

           They hear the HISSES of Alien communication. Withdrawing? 
           Flanking them? 

                                 MARCEL
                        We can’t stay here.

           Gast glances at his watch. 7:28 and counting.

           They move on, crouched low, hewing close to a ruined wall 
           till they find themselves at the edge of the mine field they 
           passed through before. They head across. Webber leads the 
           way, retracing their steps by their previous footprints - 
           which the rain is rapidly obscuring. 

           The WHOMP-WHOMP of plasma fire erupts behind them, sailing 
           over their heads. 

                                 MARCEL (CONT’D)
                        Don’t run!

           A shot grazes, singes Marcel’s leg. He falls. Webber and Gast 
           brace themselves... but there’s no detonation. 

           Webber’s had it, though, and breaks into a run. He makes it 
           to the shelter of a trench on the far side of the minefield. 
           Gast badly turns his ankle as he hops in beside him. 
           Gast fires into the dark, trying to provide cover for Marcel - 
           who is up again, awkwardly hopping on one leg. Webber 
           pointedly sits out this round. 

           The Frenchman sets off a mine. A gravitational flux instantly 
           CRUSHES his body. Leaving him turned inside out, guts 
           steaming in the cool, misty air.  

           Webber nods to himself, starts to move on. Gast stops him. 

                                 GAST
                        The disk. 

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s crushed. Forget it.

                                 GAST
                        It’s not. I see it. 

           Gast directs Webber’s gaze to the minefield. Webber can’t 
           believe the luck: the disk is miraculously intact and lying 
           in the dirt in plain sight. 

                                 WEBBER
                        We don’t have time. 

                                 GAST
                        The disk is the mission!

           Another SHOT rings out from the other side of the minefield.

                                 WEBBER
                        Ok, go. I’ll cover you. 

                                 GAST
                        I can’t - my ankle.   

           Webber glares at Gast in disbelief. He has no options. He 
           climbs out of the trench and runs back into the line of fire, 
           into the minefield. An alien takes a shot at Webber. The 
           FLARE of his weapon gives away his position. Gast drops him.

           Webber retrieves the disk and re-traces his steps as best he 
           can, hurrying back to Gast... until he sees one of those 
           FLOATING MINES looming up rapidly behind Gast. He hits the 
           dirt. Gast sees it just in time too and ducks down. 

           The Floating Mine passes over Webber just as an Alien rises 
           up,  directly in its path. The Alien immediately realizes his 
           mistake and fires at the hurtling object. 

           It DETONATES. The Alien is vaporized. 
           Webber clambers to his feet. Gast looks at his watch. As 
           Webber lets Gast limp on ahead, he takes the data disk out of 
           his pocket and tosses it... just as he does, one last Alien 
           pops up from some debris to his left. Webber pivots and 
           fires. The Alien returns fire as he falls. Webber, grazed, 
           winds up on his back. 

           The alien “mother zone” hovers directly above him... until 
           Gast fills the frame, leaning over him, helping him up. 

           And retrieving what he really came back for: the data disk. 

           Together, Webber and Gast hobble toward UN territory. 
           SENTRIES with their weapons poised are visible at their posts 
           atop of the wall as - THUNK-THUNK - the klieg lights start to 
           come back on. 

           Webber and Gast make it across the yellow line just before 
           lights hit the area where they collapse in exhaustion.  

           INT. PARIS HOSPITAL -- NIGHT

           A NURSE swabs Webber’s ear. Gast, having his ankle tended to, 
           is staring at Webber. Suspicion? Webber, for his part, 
           watches Bewley collect the data disk and place it in a 
           plastic bag, like it was some ritual of doom. 

                                 DR. SCHOENWEISS (PRE-LAP)
                        With this DNA template, we will be 
                        able to quickly devise a simple 
                        blood test that will reveal a 
                        genetic match with Morningstar.

           INT. HOMELAND DEFENSE “BLACK SITE” -- DAY

           Webber sits at the head of a conference table but the man 
           running the event, Eberlin, is present only via video screen. 
           A professorial science officer, DR. SCHOENWEISS, passes out a 
           PRINT-OUT labeled “Morningstar Genetic Profile.”

                                 DR. SCHOENWEISS
                        We will, of course, need blood 
                        samples from everyone. Assuming the 
                        collection proceeds swiftly, I’d 
                        say we’ll have results within 36 
                        hours?

           Webber nods OK.. but Eberlin smiles unhappily.
                                 EBERLIN
                        Under normal circumstances, Doctor, 
                        I’d be inclined to accept your 
                        estimate and move on, but I believe 
                        that it is now time for everyone in 
                        this room to be brought up to speed 
                        on what circumstances actually are. 

           He has everyone’s attention now. 

                                 EBERLIN (CONT’D)
                        At o-six hundred hours yesterday, 
                        the Xeno Hex delivered to Secretary 
                        Voss an ultimatum concerning UN 
                        troops positioned at the Red Zone. 
                        Those troops remained in place. 
                        Less than an hour ago, shots were 
                        fired across the line. To the 
                        public, the exchange is being 
                        described as part of scheduled 
                        maneuvers. The truth is we’re a 
                        hair’s breadth away from war. Both 
                        sides are frantically trying to get 
                        the peace talks re-started but the 
                        slightest spark will set things 
                        off. If provoking the Apocalypse is 
                        Morningstar’s aim, he will succeed.  

           An appalled silence as everyone processes this. 

                                 DR.SCHOENWEISS
                        Twenty four hours?

           Eberlin smiles. Webber tries to sound pleased- 

                                 WEBBER
                        Excellent. 

           HQ -- LATER

           NURSES collect blood samples from agents with rolled sleeves. 
           Webber anxiously watches their progress. Steering clear of 
           the nurses, he tracks down Marling. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I want you to compile a list of 
                        active agents defined by a more 
                        narrow profile. He lives in a 
                        single room, some place far from 
                        parks or any kind of greenery. He 
                        eats at the same place every day. 
                        Something bland. Eggs... and he may 
                        be married. To a civilian, a human. 
                                 MARLING
                        That would go against everything we 
                        know about Infiltrators... What's 
                        the source of this new profile?

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s an extrapolation of the  
                        statistical variance of mind your 
                        own fucking business. 

           Webber leaves Marling flushed. Seeing the nurses with their 
           trolly coming toward him, he heads the other way. His phone 
           BUZZES. A text: Your table is ready. 

           He deletes the message quickly as Bewley pops up in his path. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        I’ve got something- a Xeno 
                        operative, here in Paris. I came 
                        across the codename “Sion” in a 
                        communication. Turns out I.D.F. has 
                        a file on him...

           He presses a photo into Webber’s hand. A surveillance shot of 
           the “Homeless Vet” Webber talked to at the zoo.

                                 BEWLEY (CONT’D)
                        His current whereabouts are unknown 
                        but there’s an excellent chance he 
                        could identify Morningstar. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Yes. Good. Put Felton on it.

                                 BEWLEY
                        Felton? I...

           Bewley wants to protest the choice but Webber’s already on 
           the move, making a beeline for the fire exit he used before.

           He finds it locked. 

                                 GAST (O.S.)
                        Oh, yes, that’s been sealed- red 
                        alert protocol.  

           Webber turns. Gast is passing by, his nose in a file. 

                                 GAST (CONT’D)
                        We’ll just have to hope there isn’t 
                        a fire.

           Adding insult to injury, as Gast clears frame, those vampiric 
           nurses are right there, waiting for Webber, smiling.
           MOMENTS LATER

           Blood is drawn. He watches them cart it away, into the 
           system, hopelessly out of reach. 

           EXT. PARIS STREET - MONTPARNASSE -- DAY

           Webber walks an immigrant neighborhood, constantly looking 
           over his shoulder. He approaches an olive-skinned BOY perched 
           on a fire hydrant like a gargoyle. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Je veux une billet de Lotto. 

           The Boy faces Webber. Unsettlingly, the boy’s left eye has 
           been replaced by a robotic prosthetic that looks him up and 
           down. Webber hands the boy a coin. 

           INT. A LAUNDRY -- DAY

           Webber trails the kid past Asian women taking laundry out of 
           old-fashioned machines. Steam spewing everywhere creates a 
           stygian vibe. The kid with the robot eyeball disappears 
           through a curtain of beads into the back. 

           Webber looks around. A CUSTOMER, a white woman, pets a 
           strange mutant CREATURE in her lap. She smiles broadly. 

                                 CUSTOMER
                        He’s a gen-mod Pekanese-Quato 
                        hybrid but he’s fully licensed. 

           Webber nods. OK. The boy returns with a gruff ASIAN MAN who 
           looks to be seventy. Webber, beckoned, follows them into the 
           back room where the Old Man measures Webber with a tape. When 
           he’s done, he motions Webber on through a further door... 
           down a dark corridor... 

           Webber watches as the old man lifts a manhole cover and then, 
           with surprising strength, lifts out a coffin-shaped, grey- 
           metallic TORPEDO-LIKE OBJECT. Which he opens, motions for 
           Webber to get in.  Webber balks, slightly. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Is there any heat shielding?

           The old man impatiently motions again. Webber realizes 
           there’s no use arguing, gets in. It’s a very tight fit.  
           INT. “COFFIN” VEHICLE -- DAY

           Webber takes a deep breath before the lid closes. There’s one 
           small, orange-tinted light in this extremely claustrophobic 
           space. Webber hears MECHANICAL SOUNDS outside. Suddenly, the 
           “coffin” tilts radically at a 45 degree angle. Webber braces 
           himself. He finds it more difficult to breathe as a WHIRRING 
           builds around him, becoming deafening. The “coffin” begins to 
           vibrate insanely... then, suddenly, silence. Webber waits. 
           Waits some more. Panic sets in. He starts banging on the lid 
           ... until it opens and blinding DAYLIGHT comes flooding in... 

           EXT. ALIEN ZONE -- DAY

           GLOVED HANDS pull him out. 

           The “torpedo” now juts out of a bank of red dirt. The hands 
           belong to a pair of ALIENS who brusquely lead Webber, dazzled 
           by light and noise, toward another waiting VEHICLE with 
           articulated digger arms. 

           INT. ALIEN VEHICLE -- DAY

           Webber looks out the one narrow window. He sees A CONICAL 
           TOWER rising toward the burning white glow of the “Mother 
           Zone.” Glassine tubes extend from the tower’s base, 
           connecting it, like a series of umbilical cords, to a hundred 
           domed districts glimmering in the sun. 

           INT. ALIEN STRUCTURE -- DAY

           Webber enters a dark, smoky chamber, lit only by dimly 
           glowing, hovering orbs. The interior resembles a palace from 
           old Byzantium, its rococo decor a weird mingling of motifs 
           from the ancient West and the Far East. A HUMAN, dressed in 
           rags, passes by, carrying some cumbersome piece of equipment.

                                 ABRAXAS (O.S.)
                        More humans cross over every day.

           Webber turns. ABRAXAS enters, wearing a hooded robe. Two 
           large, yellow alien eyes and a sliding rictus of a mouth are 
           all that can be discerned behind the veil that covers her 
           face. They speak in the ALIEN LANGUAGE (Webber, clumsily.)

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        They are naturally an unusual sub-
                        species- so eager to renounce the 
                        only world they’ve ever known.
                                 WEBBER
                        They do not...
                           (gets stuck on a word)
                        They don’t belong anywhere. Like 
                        me. 

                                 ABRAXAS (SWITCHING TO ENGLISH)
                        You are nothing like them. You are 
                        Brethren. Come. 

           Webber follows Abraxas down a corridor.  

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        I’ve been apprised of the blood 
                        test situation. It’s nothing for 
                        you to concern yourself over. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I feel much better. Thank you. 

                                 ABRAXAS
                        Is there anything else I can put 
                        your mind at ease about?

                                 WEBBER
                        You do know I was being sarcastic? 
                        I never know how that translates. 

                                 ABRAXAS
                        Oh, yes. I understood. You have 
                        doubts, questions.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Just one: are we really about to 
                        stage an attack that will trigger 
                        an apocalyptic war? 

                                 ABRAXAS
                        The prospect troubles you? 

                                 WEBBER
                        I see things as a human. That’s why 
                        I’m useful to you.

                                 ABRAXAS
                        Of course. That is your particular 
                        burden. No one has sacrificed for 
                        the Vale as you have. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Now that’s not exactly true, is it? 
                                 ABRAXAS
                        No there is another. He has his job 
                        to do. I have mine. And you have 
                        yours. Mercifully, others make the 
                        large decisions - we have only to 
                        do our duty.

                                 WEBBER
                        That’s all I’ve ever done. Trusting 
                        that I would never be lied to and 
                        that, when I’d served my purpose, I 
                        would be allowed to come home.

                                 ABRAXAS
                        And so you will. The time has come.

           Webber is thrown by that. He looks at Abraxas, inscrutable 
           behind her veil.

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        Of course, you’re distrustful. Your 
                        whole life you’ve known only this 
                        pit where creatures grope each 
                        other in the dark.

           They approach a cascade of GOLDEN LIGHT spilling from an open 
           door. Abraxas motions for Webber to go forward. He does and, 
           from that doorway, we get our closest view yet of the 
           “Motherzone.” Webber fights a surge of emotion, bathing in 
           its light. Abraxas’ voice is maternal- 

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        Soon we will walk the sands of the 
                        Vale together. The meaningless 
                        human words “sand” and “Vale” will 
                        fall away like a bad dream.

           Webber turns, impulsively extends his hand toward her. She 
           reflexively pulls her hand back. Abraxas quickly corrects 
           herself and clasps Webber’s hands but that moment happened 
           and he saw it. 

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        I’ll make the commitment to you 
                        now: Keep your division running 
                        around in circles for one more week 
                        and I’ll bring you home. 

           Webber grins lopsidedly to himself, then raises his head to 
           her and nods. He lets go of her hands.
           EXT. PARIS STREET, NEAR SEINE -- EVENING

           A JAMAICAN WOMAN, a lone protestor with a sign, gesticulates 
           at a MILITARY CONVOY rolling down the boulevard. 

                                 STREET PROTESTOR
                        Wake up! These are not “exercises”, 
                        this is war! This is death...

           Walking past, Webber attaches a device to his phone. It 
           blinks GREEN. He dials. Oscarsson picks up. MUMBLING.

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Are you drunk?

           INTERCUT - OSCARSSON’S APARTMENT

           Oscarsson sits up, bleary-eyed- 

                                 OSCARSSON (INTO PHONE)
                        Only medicinally. 

                                 WEBBER
                        There’s a good chance my 
                        counterpart is about to set off 
                        Armageddon. Thought I owed you a 
                        heads up, for old time’s sake. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        You talked to Abraxas? 

                                 WEBBER
                        Yes. She assured me I’d be raptured 
                        before it went down. She even gave 
                        me a date. A week from now.  

                                 OSCARSSON
                        But we don’t believe it?

                                 WEBBER
                        By next week, this planet will be a 
                        cinder. There are still doves 
                        inside the Hex desperately 
                        scrambling to arrange peace talks. 
                        If these others want to be certain 
                        of starting a war, they have to 
                        strike now- she didn’t respect me 
                        enough to craft a convincing lie.

                                 OSCARSSON
                        What are you going to do?
                                 WEBBER
                        I’m going to hunt down my “brother” 
                        and kill him. What else? 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        If you stop him, you may save this 
                        planet, but don’t expect gratitude 
                        from the humans. You have only 
                        enemies now. 

           Webber hangs up, looks at the war machines rumbling by.

                                 BEWLEY (PRE-LAP)
                        We IDed the hotel Anders card key 
                        came from.

           INT. HQ - CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY

           A projected surveillance image: two men smoking on a balcony. 
           One is much shorter than the other.

                                 BEWLEY (O.S.)
                        It’s a residential hotel. 
                        Ethnically diverse, low income. 
                        We’ve identified three occupants of 
                        one room as Xeno infiltrators. 

           Webber, Gast and the others, receiving a briefing from 
           Bewley. Photos of THREE MEN are laid out in front of Webber. 
           One old, one baby-faced, one short and slender. 

                                 GAST
                        Two come and go. This rather 
                        diminutive man, seems to stay 
                        inside. There’s also a suitcase in 
                        there, identical to the one from 
                        Salzburg. 

           On the screen: an infra-red photo of an object on a table in 
           the room. Live readings of temperature, GPS positioning etc. 

                                 BEWLEY
                        No radioactivity. Our best analysis 
                        is that it’s something chemical, or 
                        biological. If it is a weapon.

                                 GAST
                        Whatever it is, they’re sitting on 
                        it, waiting for instructions. Which 
                        means Morningstar will contact them 
                        at least once more.
                                 BEWLEY
                        And we have full-spectrum 
                        surveillance in place when he does.

           Webber studies a wall of still surveillance photos. He notes 
           something in a photo of the short man on the balcony. He 
           refers to other photos on the table. What he sees: a watering 
           can has appeared on the ledge in this most recent photo. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I want to take the nest now. 

           This draws disapproving looks from everyone. Webber holds up 
           the surveillance photo he was looking at.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Those are plastic plants. What’s 
                        the watering can for? It’s a signal 
                        for Morningstar to stay away.
                        They know they’re being watched. 

           Gast, annoyed he missed that, nods his assent. 

           EXT. MARSEILLE -- DAY

           In sight of the harbor, FRENCH POLICE fan out across a 
           tenement roof, train their weapons on the squalid building 
           across the street. A DRONE hovers nearby.

           Gast, waiting with a FRENCH PARAMILITARY TEAM by a back door, 
           watches on a remote video set-up.

           INT. TENEMENT BUILDING -- DAY

           Webber and Bewley, wearing flak-jackets, follow PARAMILITARY 
           FRENCH COPS down a shabby hall with rippled wallpaper and 
           worn carpeting. ARABIC MUSIC, a baby CRYING. They stop in 
           front of the door of the “nest.” 

           Bewley anxiously raises his AK-like weapon. Webber looks 
           over, notes something’s off. He releases the safety on 
           Bewley’s gun. Bewley looks ashamed. Webber gives him a little 
           smile, a nod.  

           A French Cop prepares to hit the door with a BATTERING 
           DEVICE... but just before he does, the door opens and an OLD 
           MAN emerges- the elderly Infiltrator from the surveillance. 
           The Old Man looks around casually as the French officers 
           level their weapons at him. Slowly, a grin spreads across his 
           face, wide and nearly toothless. He raises his hands.
                                 WEBBER
                        Take him. 

           Now the Old Man opens his palm. It holds what looks like a 
           cluster of red berries. Before anyone can react, he lets it 
           drop. 

           The object splits into millions of tiny, red pieces as it 
           hits the floor. Each fragment acts as if alive, multiplying 
           incredibly. The Old Infiltrator is reduced almost instantly 
           to bone and sinew. 

           The closest cops just have time to register that the red tide 
           flowing toward them is made up of millions of ANT-LIKE 
           INSECTS before they’re devoured too.

           EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING -- CONTINUOUS

           On the video monitor, Gast watches the red tide spread in a 
           wide circle, taking out cops. He draws his weapon...

           INT. TENEMENT BUILDING -- CONTINUOUS

           Webber, Bewley and the last few French cops retreat as the 
           red tide stops just in front of them, like a spent wave. 
           There’s no time for relief, though, as the Baby-Faced 
           Infiltrator OPENS FIRE from the open doorway of the “nest”.

           The last French cops go down. Webber and Bewley RETURN FIRE 
           but the shooter’s already retreated back behind the door.  

           TENEMENT BUILDING - STAIRWELL

           A door BLOWS inward and a FRENCH SQUAD, accompanied by Gast, 
           charges in, heading upstairs... near the landing, one of the 
           French officers’ shoes trips an almost invisibly thin wire.

           An IED unleashes a SHOWER OF THAT CAUSTIC YELLOW SUBSTANCE. 

           The French Cops ahead of Gast scream, flesh visibly melting.

           TENEMENT APARTMENT (“NEST”) 

           Webber and Bewley burst in through the door, firing. Baby-
           Face is hit several times, dies screaming. 

           Webber and Bewley warily searching for the third Infiltrator. 
           The “nest” turns out to be a litter-strewn suite of abandoned-
           looking rooms. Bewley takes the one on the right. 
           Bewley finds a lone occupant: a terrified LITTLE GIRL in a 
           dirty dress, curled up in a corner, hiding her hand behind 
           her back. A captive? 

                                 BEWLEY
                        It’s alright. I won’t hurt you.

           In the first room, Webber kicks down a door. He finds himself 
           looking into a bathroom. A HUMAN SKIN, slack like an empty 
           mask, lies discarded on the floor. FLIES hovering around a 
           tub caked with blackish dried blood. 

                                 WEBBER
                        One of them jumped his skin. 

           Bewley now understands what he’s looking at. The “little 
           girl” lets fly what she’s hiding behind her back. An ALIEN 
           INSECT- a larger, more scorpion-like species- that attaches 
           itself to Bewley’s face. 

           The Infiltrator disguised as a Little Girl bolts as Webber 
           arrives, slipping past him, making for the door.

           Webber tears the insect off Bewley, breaking off the stinger 
           that remains lodged in Bewley’s throat. He lowers the dying 
           young man to the floor filled with very genuine horror.

           HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

           The “Little Girl” runs for the stairs, only to freeze, 
           HEARING the French cops on their way up. She turns to run the 
           other way...  but Webber’s right there. He clamps his hand 
           over her mouth and pulls her back into the apartment she just 
           fled.

           TENEMENT APARTMENT (”NEST”) - CONTINUOUS

           Webber shoves the Little Girl into the wall, motions for her 
           to be quiet. She’s wary but she nods...

           HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

           ...Webber closes the apartment door behind him and meets Gast 
           and the surviving French cops at the stairs as they arrive.

                                 WEBBER
                        The short one slipped past us. He’s 
                        headed toward the roof. I’m calling 
                        in back-up. 
           Gast takes one moment to grimly regard the devastation in the 
           hall then charges on, continuing up the stairs toward the 
           roof, followed by the French cops. Soon as they’re gone, 
           Webber heads back down the hall, back to the “nest” 
           apartment. 

           TENEMENT APARTMENT “NEST” - CONTINUOUS

           The Little Girl steps back from Webber as he returns. He 
           grabs her by the scruff of the neck and pulls his gun. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You know who I am? 

           She nods fearfully, starts to answer in the alien language... 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                           (in alien language)
                        In English!

                                 LITTLE GIRL
                        Yes! I know. Morningstar... He 
                        didn’t tell us who the target was. 
                        He said we were eliminating a 
                        traitor. 

                                 WEBBER
                        This was all a setup?  

           The Little Girl balks at answering. Webber presses his gun 
           into her eye. The “child” looks terrified. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        He set you up too. There was no way 
                        any of you were getting out alive. 
                           (FIRES into wall next to 
                            her ear)
                        Give me something and I’ll get you 
                        out of here.

                                 LITTLE GIRL
                        He knew you’d found out about this 
                        building- he lived here for a 
                        while, last year. He said it was 
                        perfect, you coming here, because 
                        he could watch it all from the 
                        window of his old apartment. 

                                 WEBBER
                        His old apartment? Point. 
           Webber shoves her to the window. The Little Girl points 
           toward an apartment on the other side of the courtyard. It’s 
           shaded, impossible to tell if there’s anyone there or not. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Take the back stairs. There’s no 
                        one watching the alley now. 

           Webber lets the girl go. She nods and runs off. Webber hears 
           a GASPING sound. He turns. He’s startled to sees Bewley’s 
           still alive, trying to get up. 

           He rushes to Bewley but by the time he gets there, the young 
           man’s lost consciousness again. Webber’s left with a pair of 
           troubling thoughts: did Bewley witness his exchange with the 
           Infiltrator and might he wake up?

           Webber looks to his left. A tattered, bordello-looking red 
           pillow lies on the floor, close at hand. He picks it up. He 
           looks down at Bewley, poised to place the pillow over 
           Bewley’s face and end all questions. 

           It takes three long seconds before he decides against it and 
           angrily tosses the pillow away.  

           EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING -- DAY

           The Little Girl comes bursting out the rear door, as 
           directed... and runs smack into a phalanx of FRENCH POLICE.  

                                 LITTLE GIRL
                        Cochon!

           They hit her with ten thousand rounds. 

           Webber watches this from the fire escape. Satisfied, he keeps 
           climbing. All the way up to the roof. 

           He makes his way across the steeply slanted, slate rooftop 
           that separates the two buildings and carefully lowers himself 
           onto the balcony of the apartment “Little Girl” pointed to. 

           He draws his weapon and lets himself in. 

           INT. DOPPLEGANGER’S APARTMENT -- CONTINUOUS

           Keeping his gun at the ready, Webber enters cautiously, 
           scanning the dark interior. There’s no sign of his 
           counterpart. It’s apparent the place hasn’t been actually 
           lived in for a while. Thick dust over everything. Webber’s 
           eye picks out a few oddly homey details. A tea cozy. 
           He feels something underfoot. He bends down and picks it up- 
           a LITTLE GIRL'S TOY. A Cinderella tiara. Its presence seems 
           to bewilder him. 

           In the bedroom, a bare mattress. He searches the mostly empty 
           drawers of a dusty bureau. Stuck in the corner of one, he 
           finds a SELFIE, a half-nude woman curled up on the very bed 
           in this room. There’s an arm around her but a jagged tear has 
           removed the man from the picture. 

           Webber places the photo on the mattress. Looks at it, as if 
           he were trying to picture the couple laying there. 

           He hears something. A very low CREAK. Turning, he sees the 
           door of an old dresser behind him is just slightly ajar. 

           He aims his gun at the dresser and carefully pulls the door 
           open... to discover that the dresser has no back and the wall 
           behind it has a huge hole in it. 

           DESERTED APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

           Bent low, Webber enters what looks like a stripped-to-the-
           walls loft space, lit only by dusty light descending from 
           filthy transoms. Strips of plastic wafting from exposed 
           beams. A SHADOW draws his attention. It takes Webber a moment 
           to realize it’s a man standing there. 

           The shadow FIRES. Webber ducks behind a beam and SHOOTS BACK.

           Silence. Then-

                                 WEBBER
                        You have to know what you’re doing 
                        is insane. What do you think you’ll 
                        accomplish besides killing a bunch 
                        of people?

                                 FIGURE (O.S.)
                        Just killing a bunch of people? You 
                        say that like it’s nothing. 

           Webber wants to ask a thousand questions. He picks one-

                                 WEBBER
                        But why...? You’d made a life for 
                        yourself. You had a woman... a 
                        child? 

           The shadows do not answer. Webber peers around the beam. He 
           moves out, silently, gun raised, approaching where the shadow 
           was a moment ago... but when he gets there, he sees daylight, 
           a doorway hanging open. Webber rushes to the door. 
           It opens onto a veranda above a busy street, giving him a 
           view of the wide world and nothing. 

           INT. A HOSPITAL LAB -- DAY

           Under a magnifying glass: A GHASTLY CREATURE, a thing from 
           nightmares.

                                 FRENCH SCIENTIST (O.S.)
                        It appears to be a genetically-
                        modified variation of a known alien 
                        species, Idora Cubensis.

           Webber stands with Gast as a SCIENTIST examines the insect-
           like specimen. More swarm in a nearby jar. 

                                 FRENCH SCIENTIST (CONT’D)
                        The pedical features an armed 
                        propodeum which secretes a caustic, 
                        alkaloid venom. In the larval 
                        stage, they’re less toxic but a 
                        thousand times more ravenous. A 
                        release of even a few hundred 
                        larvae could kill thousands.

                                 GAST
                        The war such an attack would 
                        trigger would kill billions. 

           Webber feels a tug of some unfamiliar feeling. He looks up as 
           Marling bursts into the room breathlessly. 

                                 MARLING
                        Bewley’s conscious. 

           And now Webber feels an icy hand close around his heart. 

           ICU

           Bewley lies under a plastic canopy. Hideously conscious. 
           Webber, Marling and Gast enter. Webber tries to hang back but 
           the one functioning eye in Bewley’s swollen, distorted face 
           lands on him. Webber’s compelled to go forward. 

           As he comes closer, Bewley agonizingly works his lips, trying 
           to say something... 

                                 GAST
                        I want this recorded.
           Marling takes out his mobile device, sets it down. Recording. 
           Webber looks at the device like it was death itself, then at 
           Bewley... who is starting to make audible sounds. 

           Webber leans in, ear against the clear plastic. Now he hears:

                                 BEWLEY
                        I have no words. 

           Webber can’t help but react. Like someone punched him in the 
           gut. He sees Bewley’s swollen, gauze-wrapped hand reaching 
           for him, through the plastic veil. He wants to run away but 
           he takes Bewley’s hand. Hesitantly, gingerly. He can only 
           hold on for a moment, though, before he pulls free and 
           practically runs out of the room. 

           Both Gast and Marling are startled by this uncharacteristic 
           show of emotion. They then turn back to Bewley as the 
           monitoring equipment’s TONE signals the patient has died.

           INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT “NEST” -- DAY

           Webber wears protective gear as he pokes through the debris 
           of the “nest.” Marling trails him, similarly suited-up. BODY 
           BAGS line one wall. Webber tries not to look. 

           He moves to the window. CITIZENS are gawking behind a police 
           barricade. He looks at their faces. Every kind of human, 
           young, old, male, female. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A million? A billion? Ten billion? 
                        What does it mean? 

                                 MARLING
                        Sir?

           Webber shakes his head. Forget it. Then he notices something- 
           a WHITE SUBSTANCE on the window sill.

                                 MARLING (CONT’D)
                        We noticed that. It’s being 
                        analyzed. 

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s milk. 

           Webber looks around and finds a piece of BROKEN GLASS on the 
           floor nearby. It too is covered with dried milk on one side. 
           He carefully picks up the glass shard with a pair of tongs. 
           Scans it with ULTRA-VIOLET light. 

           A LONE FINGERPRINT shows up, plain as day.
                                 MARLING (O.S.)
                        Stephen Allen Kemp.

           INT. HQ - WEBBER’S OFFICE -- DAY

           Marling at his side, Webber scans a screen: Stephen Allen 
           Kemp’s personnel file scrolls. Not much there. 

                                 MARLING (O.S.)
                        His entire record’s been scrubbed. 
                        No photo, nothing. But from what 
                        we’ve been able to forensically 
                        reconstruct, your hunch was right- 
                        Kemp has a wife, married last May. 
                        A French national, Adele Marie 
                        Vigne. They have one child, Ann-
                        Louise. It seems they lived for a 
                        time in DuLac but shortly after the 
                        birth of the child, he took off. 

                                 WEBBER
                        “Took off?”

                                 MARLING
                        Left the service. Disappeared. 
                        Adele and little Anne-Louise, as 
                        well. After Dulac, they evidently 
                        lived for a time in that Marseilles 
                        apartment but there’s nothing more 
                        on any of them. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (to himself, in wonder)
                        He left. He just walked away.
                           (to Marling)
                        The woman’s the key. Find her. 

                                 MARLING
                           (slightly abashed)
                        Gast already put a unit on it.

                                 WEBBER
                        Gast is issuing directives now?

                                 MARLING
                           (more hesitant)
                        I assumed you’d talked. 

           Webber knows this is bad. 
           GAST’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Webber lets himself in. He immediately sees a DOSSIER open on 
           Gast’s desk. He looks in it, feels a chill down his spine as 
           he discovers it contains print-outs of frames from 
           surveillance footage. His “date” with Mia. There they are, 
           having coffee together, walking in the street. 

           Webber keeps flipping through the photos. One is a close-up 
           of his razor in Mia’s open medicine cabinet. 

           Gast enters with coffee. Discovering Webber, he smiles.

                                 GAST
                        Eberlin’s decided to shake things 
                        up a bit- he’s elevated me to CO in 
                        charge of this operation. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (gestures with dossier)
                        And you thought this would be an 
                        amusing way for me to find out? 

                                 GAST
                        I wanted to complete my vetting of 
                        young Mia before I spoke to you. I 
                        interviewed her myself this 
                        afternoon, discreetly, at the cafe 
                        where she works. 

           Webber plays off alarm as indignation- 

                                 WEBBER
                        What earth-shaking revelations did 
                        you wheedle out of her?

                                 GAST
                        My intention is to take a very 
                        close second look at everyone in 
                        the division. Dr. Schoenweiss has 
                        informed me there was a mysterious 
                        fire at the facility doing the 
                        blood testing.

                                 WEBBER
                           (genuinely surprised)
                        Sabotage?

                                 GAST
                        Someone is trying to help 
                        Morningstar elude detection. It’s 
                        possible there’s more than one mole 
                        in the division. 
                                 WEBBER
                        All the blood samples were 
                        destroyed?

                                 GAST
                        Not all. Twenty-some possible 
                        matches were put aside for further 
                        testing before the fire. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (”relieved”)
                        That’s a bit of luck. 

           Gast takes the dossier from him, smiles at Mia’s photos.  

                                 GAST
                        One detail from my interview with 
                        Miss Vandergroot does trouble me- 
                        She told me you capped off your 
                        lovely evening, the other night, 
                        with fried chicken and waffles. In 
                        what forsaken corner of Paris did 
                        you find such an abomination?

           Webber almost says “what?” Gast smirks and goes back to his 
           paper. Webber turns and walks out, quietly.

           INT. A SMALL THEATER -- DAY

           A comical monster stares at us - a crude and cartoonish mask 
           that Mia is holding in front of her face. 

                                 MIA 
                           (growly male voice)
                        I am the most fearsome monster in 
                        the forest and I’m HUNGRY!

           Her “fearsome” roar is greeted by gales of CHILDREN’S 
           LAUGHTER. Mia stalks around the stage, growling and stomping 
           her feet. Webber watches from the back along with a couple of 
           wounded veterans in wheelchairs who seem hardly conscious of 
           being there. Mia lowers her mask. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        Oh, I couldn’t fool you. You know 
                        there’s no such thing as monsters!

           But even as she says this a “monster” (troupe members under a 
           mangy rug of a costume) rises up behind her. The kids try to 
           warn her then eat it up as Mia shrieks and descends into the 
           audience. Webber watches, wonders who this person is.
           BACKSTAGE - LATER

           Mia and her theater friends are gathered around a GIRL with 
           dreadlocks who holds what looks like a CRYSTAL HEXAGON. She 
           lets it go. The crystal hovers, slowly spinning in the air, 
           casting a trippy light as it rotates. Mia’s pleasantly 
           surprised to see Webber coming toward her.

                                 MIA
                        It’s Xenian. She says it’s some 
                        kind of portal they use to access 
                        their collective consciousness. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (unamused)
                        You’re a better actress than you 
                        let on. 

                                 MIA
                        Out there? That wasn’t a 
                        performance. When I act like I’m 
                        happy, it makes me happy. It just 
                        works like that.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Why did you lie for me?
                           (cutting off protest)
                        U.N.I. interviewed you today. You 
                        lied in an official interview. You 
                        made up a story about chicken and 
                        waffles. Why?

                                 MIA
                        I thought I was helping you. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Why?!

                                 MIA
                           (confused, frightened)
                        What kind of trouble am I in?

           Webber roughly pulls Mia close and lifts her left eyelid to 
           examine her eye. Satisfied, he lets her go. 

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        What the fuck?!! ...You thought I 
                        was an alien?

           Mia smiles for the benefit of her friends who look over. 

                                 WEBBER
                        How did you know to give me an 
                        alibi for that particular night? 
                                 MIA
                        It was the only night he asked 
                        about... I told him we slept 
                        together. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (almost titillated)
                        Why would you do that? 

                                 MIA
                        I just didn’t think they had the 
                        right... Somebody has to stand up 
                        to these fascists.

                                 WEBBER
                        So you did it just on some half-
                        assed, left wing principle?

                                 MIA
                        Yes... and... I thought we had a 
                        connection... the way you look at 
                        me. Maybe I finally just went 
                        crazy. Maybe I just wanted it to be 
                        there...

                                 WEBBER
                        On the basis of a look, you lie to 
                        a UN official? It can’t be that 
                        simple.

           He looks into her eyes. Searching for answers. Getting none. 
           he lets her go. Walks away. On his way out, Webber detours to 
           the spinning orb. Touches it and it falls.  

                                 WEBBER (IN FRENCH) (CONT’D)
                        It’s a gyroscope for a Xeno 
                        Digger’s drill-bit. There are no 
                        portals in this world except the 
                        ones that flow down to the Seine.

           Having sufficiently killed the buzz, Webber walks out. Mia 
           fights the urge to go after him. 

           EXT. STREET OUTSIDE THEATER -- DAY

           NEWS scrolls across a building: ...sixty thousand additional 
           UN troops to Austro-Italian border... below, TWO MEN IN 
           EXPENSIVE SUITS fight on the sidewalk like barroom brawlers. 
           Webber walks past, ignoring it all, lost in his own crisis. 

                                 (MORE)
           INT. L’HOSPITALE ST. VINCENT -- DAY 

           Webber enters the doorway of the darkened private room where 
           his FATHER sleeps peacefully. Something seems to drive him 
           into the room. He approaches the bed, watching the old man 
           sleep. When his father opens his rheumy eyes, Webber tenses 
           like he’d been caught at something. 

                                 FATHER
                        D-did you go down to the river..? 

           Webber shushes him, awkwardly but gently. 

                                 WEBBER
                        That was Ohio. This is Paris. 
                        There’s a different river here. 

           His father slowly returns to his senses. Webber helps him sit 
           up, plumps his pillow. The old man, now that he’s conscious, 
           seems surprised to see Webber there. 

                                 FATHER
                        You came this month already... 
                        didn’t you? Is something wrong? 

                                 WEBBER
                        No. I’m fine. I haven’t talked to 
                        them about your condition yet.

           The old man smiles at Webber’s deadpan candor. He reaches for 
           his glasses but his hand is shaky. Webber helps his father 
           get his glasses on but quickly backs off again when the old 
           man touches his arm. His father notices. Smiles again. Webber 
           looks at the old man as if studying him... then his eyes land 
           on a bedside photo. His father as a young man with his arms 
           around his young wife, Melissa and his real son, the child 
           Martin. Webber stares at the woman in the picture.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        When you met your wife... my 
                        mother... you told me she came into 
                        the shop where you worked and 
                        bought a magazine and you had a 
                        brief conversation... 

                                 FATHER
                        Yeah?

                                 WEBBER
                        You told me within thirty seconds 
                        that you knew this is the woman you 
                        were going to marry. Was that true?
                        I know it’s a conventional thing to 
                        say. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 WEBBER (CONT'D)
                                 WEBBER (CONT'D)
                        But it must refer to something 
                        real... or does it? I mean, if you 
                        knew, if you actually knew, there 
                        must have been something concrete. 
                        A gesture... Something...

                                 FATHER
                        You came here to ask me that?

                                 WEBBER
                           (as if realizing)
                        I don’t know.

                                 FATHER
                           (smiling, nodding)
                        You were always stubborn about 
                        wanting to get things right. When 
                        we played catch when you were a 
                        kid, you’d get so mad at yourself 
                        when you dropped the ball.  

           Webber realizes he’s been foolish. Nods, to himself. .. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I have to go. 

                                 FATHER
                           (desperate for company)
                        Want to watch TV? I get all the 
                        English stations...

                                 WEBBER
                        I can’t. 

           Webber tries a smile and prepares to leave. His father’s 
           glasses slip off. Webber puts them back on again for him.

                                 FATHER
                        You know- she was wearing these 
                        round glasses, your mother. They 
                        made her look smart... There might 
                        be something there.

           He knows his gambit to keep his son here has failed. He 
           shrugs with a smile. Overcome by an impulse he doesn’t 
           understand, Webber touches the old man’s face. Tenderly. His 
           father looks very touched and very confused at the same time. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I would have liked to stay and 
                        watch TV. 

           His father nods, smiling now as if to comfort him. Webber 
           leaves before things get too painful.
           CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL - HALLWAY

           A male NURSE passes Webber in the opposite direction. Webber 
           glances at the man’s flat, black shoes before he boards the 
           elevator at the end of the hall. 

           CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL - ELEVATOR 

           A moment after the doors close, Webber looks at the two other 
           occupants of the elevator. Two more NURSES. He looks at their 
           shoes. They both wear white athletic shoes.  Webber 
           immediately pushes a button to stop the elevator. 

           CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL - HALLWAYS

           Webber tears out of the elevator, runs for the staircase. He 
           charges up the stairs, past startled cleaning staff... 

           Reaching the hall one floor up, he gets a view of his 
           father’s room- swarming with MEDICAL PERSONNEL. A crash cart. 
           Webber frantically scans for a sight of that Orderly he 
           glimpsed before but he knows he’s gone. It’s useless.

           He enters his father’s room. Stands there, uselessly, 
           watching the medical staff try to revive the old man. 

                                 WEBBER
                        If it’s possible to resuscitate 
                        him, even for just a minute... 
                        there’s something I have to tell 
                        him. 

           Webber says this flatly, as if it were a reasonable request. 
           The lead doctor just looks at him. Webber sees his father 
           FLATLINE. Just a hint of urgency touches his voice-

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        I’d just need a second, really. 

           The Doctor stops working. 

                                 DOCTOR
                        He’s passed. I’m sorry. 

           Webber seems to not quite process. The Doctor motions to the 
           others and they give Webber a moment alone. Webber approaches 
           the old man’s body slowly. Looks at the blotchy hand lying 
           limply at his father’s side. Webber takes the hand in his. 

           He stands there, holding his father’s hand, looking lost.
           INT. WEBBER’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT

           Webber sits in the dark, his gun on the endtable beside him. 
           His phone RINGS. He answers, slowly. 

                                 MARLING (O.S.)
                        Kemp’s wife and child have turned 
                        up, in a manner of speaking...

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Dead?

                                 MARLING
                        Six months ago, Adele and little 
                        Ann-Louise were found in a bog near 
                        Arlon. Necks broken, expertly. Kemp 
                        is still wanted for questioning.

                                 WEBBER
                        Send me everything. 

           MOMENTS LATER

           Footage on Webber’s phone: A reporter in a provincial village 
           square talks grimly to the camera. They cut to footage of 
           Adele pushing Anne-Louise on a swing. Happier days. Webber’s 
           eyes fill with emotion. He looks away.

           Webber removes his earphones and moves to the window. Looking 
           across the courtyard, he sees Mia in her window. She’s alone, 
           smoking in her kitchen.

           INT. CAR -- DAY

           Webber drives through marshland. A sign says “Arlon 1km.” 

           EXT. A BOG -- DAY

           Webber surveys a spookily deserted hollow. A swing hangs in a 
           tree. A sign somebody had a good time here once. 

           INT. CAR -- DAY 

           Webber drives past a picturesque rural village. He slows, 
           seeing something that draws his interest.
           EXT. CHURCH -- DAY

           Webber approaches a dilapidated brick structure at the back. 
           Shabby, mostly elderly LOST SOULS rest here and there in the 
           shade. A few CHILDREN from the village play nearby. But what 
           has drawn Webber is a perfect square of barren earth. 

           He sniffs the dirt. A youngish, balding PRIEST passing by 
           observes Webber's interest. (Scene in FRENCH.)

                                 PRIEST
                        Everything died, all at once. 
                        Overnight. It was tempting to see 
                        it as some kind of sign.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Your garden was poisoned. Somebody 
                        dumped kerosene here. 

           The Priest looks troubled by the notion. Webber eyes the 
           little house which overlooks the garden.

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Who lives in that house there? The 
                        one with the view of this garden?

                                 PRIEST
                        No one. That’s the old sacristy... 
                        Well, for a few days last month, I 
                        let a very disturbed man spend some 
                        nights sleeping in there... 

                                 WEBBER
                           (shows ID)
                        What can you tell me about him?

                                 PRIEST
                           (switching to English)
                        Almost nothing. He just showed up 
                        one day. Looking lost. He wouldn’t 
                        even take confession. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Did he leave anything in there?

                                 PRIEST
                        Some junk. A couple of journals... 
                        if you’d like to look...

                                 WEBBER
                        Please.

                                 PRIEST
                        The key’s inside. 
           Webber follows the Priest past where those kids are playing. 

                                 PRIEST (CONT’D)
                        It took something for him to stand 
                        out. Only the most desperate souls 
                        come around here. 

           The Priest visibly recoils as one of the children, chasing a 
           ball, nearly brushes against him. Webber notes this. 

                                 PRIEST (CONT’D)
                        The marketing problem the church 
                        faces these days is that no one 
                        looks heavenward anymore with 
                        anything but dread.

           INT. CHURCH -- DAY

           Webber looks around as the Priest rummages for the key. 

                                 PRIEST
                        What did he do, this man?

                                 WEBBER
                        He was living a very normal 
                        suburban existence with his wife 
                        and three-year-old daughter. Then 
                        he killed them.  

           The Priest responds with a shake of his head. Webber’s gaze 
           settles on an ABSTRACT SCULPTURE that looks out of place 
           among the religious objects all around. A WHITE CUBE on a 
           translucent pedestal. Webber touches it, almost reverently.

                                 PRIEST
                        That’s a piece by a Belgian artist 
                        named Bellocq. 

                                 WEBBER
                        A little unusual for a church. 

                                 PRIEST
                        Personally, I’m moved by the purity 
                        of it. 

           Webber smiles. As the priest goes back to rummaging, Webber 
           draws his gun, holds it behind his back.

                                 WEBBER
                        You didn’t seem that surprised when 
                        I told you what he’d done. 
                                 PRIEST
                        I wasn’t. People think these things 
                        are inexplicable. But they’re not. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Explain it to me. Please. 

                                 PRIEST
                        This man probably settled into a  
                        pleasant, little suburb with that 
                        woman and that lovely little girl, 
                        wanting to do it right. Wanting to 
                        be a husband, wanting to be a 
                        father. He probably felt that, if 
                        he did all the things a husband 
                        does, a father does - you know, 
                        just kept at it - eventually he’d 
                        somehow, magically transform into 
                        the real thing.

                                 WEBBER
                        But the magic never happened?

                                 PRIEST
                        He tried. I imagine, he really 
                        tried. I imagine he wanted so badly 
                        to be anything except what he was. 
                        Wanted so badly to love them. And 
                        maybe he almost convinced himself, 
                        for a while. But, in the end, he 
                        certainly hated them. For making 
                        him weak. For being so easy to 
                        fool.
                           (“breaking character”)
                        Is it because I didn’t let the kid 
                        touch me? 

                                 WEBBER
                        I jumped to a lucky conclusion. 
                        Don’t blame yourself.

                                 PRIEST (KEMP)
                        Still, I should’ve let the fucking 
                        kid touch me.  

           The Priest - Kemp - FIRES through the desk. Just misses. 
           Webber RETURNS FIRE- but not accurately enough to hit Kemp as 
           he dodges out the door. 

           Webber charges out into the church proper... but puts on the 
           brakes as he finds Kemp holding by the neck the Little Boy 
           who brushed up against him earlier. Kemp smiles at Webber’s 
           standing down. 
                                 KEMP
                        I didn’t think this would work. 

           Webber takes cover and keeps his gun trained on Kemp as he 
           backs with his hostage down the apse. When they duck back 
           through the arched stone doorway that leads to the crypts, 
           Webber runs after him... 

           CRYPT

           Webber pursues Kemp down spiralling stone steps. At the 
           bottom, the FLASH of Kemp’s gun makes him take cover behind a 
           sarcophagus. He hears the hostage child CRYING. 

           Peering out, Webber sees the kid, tossed aside, on his hands 
           and knees, sobbing. Webber moves on, crouched low. 

           Through the gap between two sarcophagi, Webber sees: an ochre 
           CHRYSALIS at the base of a weeping madonna. It pulsates. 
           Webber knows what it is. He sees one of those fearsome ALIEN 
           INSECTS crawling over the stone face of the crypt in front of 
           him, the larger adult version, with the stinger. 

           Then he sees another. And another. They’re all around him. 

           Webber rushes to the kid, pulls him into an empty niche.  

           He raises his gun at Kemp’s FOOTSTEPS... but freezes as he 
           sees one of the insects crawling up his arm, pronounced 
           stinger at the ready. Webber remains completely still as the 
           creature crawls from his arm to the top of the kid’s head... 

                                 WEBBER
                        Don’t move! Try not to breathe.

           The kid stirs, feeling insect as it continues to crawl down 
           the length of his body. Webber holds him still. 

           Kemp shows himself, grinning. Seeing Webber won’t dare move.

                                 KEMP
                        You really are far gone.

           Kemp turns and walks away. Webber is so sorely tempted to 
           take his shot, even if it means the death of the kid in his 
           arms. But he doesn’t. He watches Kemp slip out of sight. 

           Only when the alien bug finally crawls off the boy does he 
           move. He stomps on it. 
           EXT. CHURCH/ARLON -- CONTINUOUS

           Webber comes charging out the vestry door. He catches a 
           glimpse of Kemp’s back disappearing down a flight of steps, 
           Webber runs after him, pursuing Kemp down what turns out to 
           be a long series of tiered steps, leading down to the quaint 
           streets of the town. 

           At the bottom of the steps, Kemp loses himself in a MOB of 
           people, many wearing peace symbols and carrying protest signs 
           or white flags. Webber curses and follows the crowd. 

           They’re surging toward a MARKET SQUARE where a DEMONSTRATION 
           is going on. POLICE DRONES circle above. BLACK-SHIRTS- one  
           with a megaphone- are baiting a growing crowd.

                                 BLACK SHIRT (O.S.)
                        ...the politicians talk and talk.
                        But now is the time for action! At 
                        three o’clock today, the enemy 
                        fired shots across the DMZ...

           There’s jostling in the crowd, incipient violence. Webber 
           pushes through it, focused on searching for his quarry. 

           And now a SHOT is fired somewhere. In response, a Drone FIRES 
           a smoke grenade into the crowd. A bit tardily people become 
           aware that a man’s clothes have CAUGHT FIRE. Some rush to try 
           to put him out, others watch helplessly.

           Webber sees there’s only one other person in the crowd not 
           spellbound by the unfolding tragedy: Kemp. Their eyes meet. 

           Kemp opens fire, indiscriminately. A woman near Webber falls. 
           Webber raises his gun but he doesn’t have a shot as bedlam 
           breaks out and frantic, confused people get in the way.

           The next glimpse Webber gets of Kemp is him wading into a 
           line of cars jammed by the demonstration, lethally jacking a 
           Puegeot and speeding off in it through the square, clogged 
           with people...

           Webber hijacks a Renault at gunpoint and takes off after 
           Kemp. (The Renault, like the Puegeot, is a slightly 
           futuristic vehicle with 60s-retro styling.) 

           At the wheel of the Renault, teeth gritted, Webber tries not 
           to hit anybody. Kemp shows no such restraint. He hits all 
           kinds of people. 

           Clearing the square, the two retro-futurist Euro sports cars 
           insanely careen up and down the winding cobblestone streets 
           of the town... 
           ...until Kemp, cutting down an alley, has to slam on the 
           brakes because of the POLICE VEHICLE travelling in the 
           opposite direction. The two cars halt with a hideous SCREECH, 
           nose to nose. Hoods almost touching. 

           Webber arrives behind Kemp. Blocking him in. 

           Kemp responds by bringing up his gun and BLASTING away. The  
           windshield in front of him disintegrates. The OFFICERS in the 
           front seat of the police car are RIDDLED. 

           With no windshields in the way, Kemp climbs out of the 
           Peugeot, crawls across two car hoods and settles in behind 
           the wheel of the police vehicle. 

           He shoves out the corpses of the gendermes and takes off 
           again, speeding backward.

           Webber floors it. He pushes the abandoned Peugeot the entire 
           length of the alley - until he reaches a wider street and can 
           get around it.  

           Looking in his rear view, Webber sees a string of POLICE 
           VEHICLES have joined the chase. Chasing Kemp and him. 

           One of the pursuing police cars ejects a PATROL DRONE. 

           It implacably lowers over Webber’s desperately swerving car 
           and FIRES A PROJECTILE... which turns out to be a DISK that 
           attaches magnetically to the Renault and causes its power to 
           immediately cut out. 

           INT. RENAULT

           Webber’s badly tossed by the violent lurch of the vehicle 
           suddenly stopping. The drone ZOOMS past, after Kemp now. 

           EXT. ARLON STREET

           Webber emerges from the Renault, holding up his UN badge. 
           People back off. He looks up and sees the police drone above 
           the rooftops, tracking Kemp. He follows the chase on foot...

           INT. FRENCH SQUAD CAR

           The FRENCH COP in the passenger seat is controlling the  
           drone that is now lowering over the police vehicle 
           commandeered by Kemp that’s now slowing to a stop. 

           The drone drops lower, allowing the cop to see that the 
           stolen vehicle is now empty. 
                                 FRENCH COP (SUBTITLE)
                        Suspect has abandoned the vehicle. 
                        He must have ditched somewhere 
                        right up here... 

           A BABY STROLLER suddenly rolls in front of the speeding 
           police car. The cop at the wheel has to go into a SKID...

           EXT. ARLON STREET - CONTINUOUS

           The police car CRASHES into a kiosk. 

           Kemp throws to the pavement the FRANTIC MOTHER of the baby in 
           the carriage he just rolled into the street, then strolls 
           over to the wrecked car and SHOOTS the two cops inside. 

           Webber, arriving a block away, sees the mother tearfully 
           retrieving her baby from the carriage. Then he sees Kemp. 

           Kemp gives Webber a hint of a smile before he reaches into 
           the wrecked police car, does something we can’t quite see and 
           casually walks away. Webber takes aim at Kemp’s back... but 
           the now driverless police drone ZOOMS toward him. SMASHING 
           THROUGH AN OUTDOOR BISTRO, CRASHING into the street right in 
           front of Webber. Webber shields himself from debris. 

           When he looks up again, he sees only curling black smoke. 

           EXT. CHURCH -- DAY

           Surrounded by GENDERMES, ambulances. Marling gets out of a 
           car in the midst of the official bedlam. He observes HEALTH 
           DEPARTMENT WORKERS in hazmat gear INCINERATING the alien 
           insect hives with flame throwers. 

           RECTOR’S OFFICE

           The contents of every drawer are on the floor. Webber is 
           currently thumbing a stack of PAMPHLETS for a clinic, Centre 
           de Crise.  On the top corner of one page, he reads, “Call 
           anytime - Phillipe.” He acknowledges Marling’s arrival- 

                                 WEBBER
                        I need anything you can find on 
                        anyone named “Phillipe” associated 
                        with an anxiety clinic in Paris 
                        called “Centre de Crise.”
           INT. ANXIETY CLINIC -- DAY

           ON VIDEO: a map of Europe, one area blinking red.

                                 NEWSCASTER (O.S.) 
                        ...reports that Secretary Voss will 
                        make an unprecedented trip across 
                        the DMZ for a round of emergency 
                        peace talks, this despite the 
                        Secretary’s receiving a vote of no 
                        confidence from the Assembly... 

           Kemp watches this on his phone, surrounded by gaunt, anxious 
           people in yellow plastic chairs. Some kind of crowded free 
           clinic. “Don’t Go It Alone” posters are on the walls. A 
           COUNCILOR comes over to Kemp with a disapproving look. Kemp 
           realizes his phone is the problem and turns it off, smiling 
           obligingly. The Councilor nods, waves him back. 

                                 COUNCILOR
                        It’s normal to want to look at 
                        every alert and headline but you 
                        gotta go cold turkey.

           Kemp follows the man to a cubicle. Kemp produces a card from 
           his wallet as they walk. 

                                 COUNCILOR (CONT’D)
                        Pharmaceutical card?
                           (taking card)
                        Symptoms: depression, inability to 
                        concentrate... suicidal feelings?

                                 KEMP
                        Mostly homicidal. 

           The Councilor gives Kemp a look as they go into his cubicle. 

           TIME CUT TO - INT. ANXIETY CLINIC -- NIGHT

           The now deceased Councilor is slumped in his chair with the 
           blood vessels in his eyes burst hideously. The needle that 
           poisoned him still sticking out of his throat.  

                                 MARLING (O.S.)
                        He was an ordinary citizen, it 
                        seems. Other than being a sympa.

           Webber examines the dead man with disposable gloves, Marling 
           standing by. Webber notes the dead man’s left hand is minus 
           two digits. A birth defect. Under the Councilor’s shirt, he 
           discovers a MEDAL bearing a depiction of the Mother Zone.  
                                 WEBBER
                        He wasn’t just a Sympathizer. He 
                        wanted to defect. I bet if we look, 
                        we’ll find he recently received a 
                        visa to cross the DMZ. 

                                 MARLING
                        If Kemp killed him for his visa, 
                        then he’s fleeing across the 
                        wall...

                                 WEBBER
                        Not fleeing. He has nowhere to run 
                        to. 

           Webber straightens up, looks out the window. A CANDLELIGHT 
           PROCESSION is passing in the street. People in black, 
           chanting in unison. Incongruously mediaeval.

                                 MARLING
                        People are clinging like lambs to 
                        Voss and his supposed peace talks- 
                        it’s not even entirely clear he’s 
                        still our boss.

           Webber notes the condition of a fidgety, perspiring YOUNG 
           GENDERME on crime scene guard duty. His phone DINGS. A 
           message from Gast: 100 Rue Montais. It’s over. 

           He feels a chill.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Marling, can you check with HQ if 
                        the blood results came in?

                                 MARLING
                        They did. I believe Gast received 
                        them this evening... He didn’t 
                        share the results with you?

                                 WEBBER
                        He just did. 

           EXT. PARIS STREET -- EVENING

           Everywhere, people stand frozen, staring in mute horror at 
           the news on their phones. Fresh reports of doomsday. Webber 
           walks among them like a condemned man. A snatch can be heard 
           from a cafe-
                                 NEWS ANCHOR (O.S.)
                        At this hour, it is unknown which 
                        side fired first but we can now 
                        confirm that there has been an 
                        exchange of shots across the DMZ...

           Near the train station entrance, an OLD MAN is selling fresh 
           fruit from a cart- or would be if he wasn’t preoccupied, 
           watching his phone. Webber finds himself drawn to him. He 
           examines the Mandarin Strawberries. The Old Man belatedly 
           notices he has a customer. Smiling weakly, he offers Webber a 
           free sample. Webber looks askance for an instant, then he 
           takes the strawberry from the old man’s knobby fingers. 
           Tastes it. It swells inside him. 

           Webber finds himself returning the old man’s grin. He 
           surprises him with a hundred Euro note and walks on. 

           EXT. 100 RUE DE MONTAIS -- EVENING

           Webber parks on a forbidding industrial block. Thinks a long 
           moment about not getting out, but does. He checks his gun.

           INT. 100 RUE DE MONTAIS -- EVENING

           Webber walks down the hall, a man on his way to the gallows. 
           He finds Gast standing in the hall, as advertised, smug.

                                 GAST
                        We got a hit with the blood tests. 
                        There is another mole.

           Webber betrays nothing. Gast looks to the grim-faced 
           UNDERLING coming down the corridor toward them. The Underling 
           reaches under his jacket- Webber expects a weapon- but 
           instead produces a manila envelope, which he hands to Webber. 
           It contains inscrutable blood results... and, underneath, a 
           DOSSIER. Oscarsson’s. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Sven Oscarsson?

                                 GAST
                        His blood came back pure alien. Not 
                        a hybrid like Morningstar. Just 
                        very clever - hidden for years, 
                        taking advantage of loopholes. 

           Webber turns toward the doorway and is surprised to see a 
           FRIGHTENED YOUNG MAN sitting in a chair. 
                                 WEBBER
                        Who is he?

                                 GAST
                        Oscarsson’s little friend. The kid 
                        claims it’s true love.  

           Webber processes this, surprised on a couple of levels. 

                                 GAST (CONT’D)
                        He’s cooperative. He says 
                        Oscarsson’s going to be here at 7. 

                                 WEBBER
                           (nods, calmly)
                        There are snipers in place?

                                 GAST
                        Every effort will be made to take 
                        him alive, of course. 

           Webber nods again. Good. 

           EXT. 100 RUE DE MONTAIS -- NIGHT

           Webber stands by a street lamp, watching the entrance - where 
           Gast has planted himself - and the wide, empty avenue. A 
           pedestrian bridge to his right. Webber eyes the sniper’s 
           position above the bridge. A VOICE comes over Webber’s radio- 

                                 SNIPER (O.S.)
                        We have visual on the target. 

           Webber steps away from the street lamp. At the far end of the 
           bridge, Oscarsson’s familiar form waddling toward him. 

                                 WEBBER (INTO RADIO)
                        Stand by.

           Webber heads out onto the bridge to meet Oscarsson. A 
           hovering surveillance ORB trails him. 

           Gast watches from a small “video village” as Webber shows 
           Oscarsson his ID in the middle of the bridge. 

                                 WEBBER (ON MONITOR) (CONT’D)
                        U.N.I.

           Oscarsson smiles wryly, understanding what’s going on. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        It’s your move. 
           Oscarsson has a little laugh to himself at that. Webber 
           remains poker faced as Oscarsson keeps coming. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        I’m a terrible hypocrite. I preach 
                        non-attachment but I’ve found I’m 
                        quite wedded to this life after 
                        all. 

           Webber knows this is a direct threat. He nods. 

                                 WEBBER
                        And you can live, you know?. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Of course. I could strike a deal.
                        A pretty good one, probably.

                                 WEBBER
                        A very good one.

                                 OSCARSSON
                        I bet I could get anything I 
                        wanted. A villa on the coast. At 
                        the very least a promise not to 
                        dissect me as a lab specimen. 

                                 WEBBER
                        At the least. 

                                 OSCARSSON
                        Tempting. But then there is loyalty 
                        too. Loyalty is what holds you 
                        humans together. It’s a shabby 
                        replacement for the oneness of my 
                        kind. Pathetic. But that’s what I 
                        feel now- the tug of loyalty. I’ve 
                        been in this flesh too long. 

           Oscarsson brushes past Webber. Walking toward the end of the 
           bridge where the snipers and the cameras are waiting. 

                                 OSCARSSON (CONT’D)
                        I renounce the blood that moves my 
                        hand...

                                 WEBBER
                           (knowing what this means.)
                        Oscarsson....

                                 OSCARSSON
                        I renounce the heart that drives 
                        it. The constraint of muscle, the 
                        burden of bone...
           Oscarsson reaches into his jacket... 

                                 WEBBER
                        Don’t!

                                 OSCARSSON
                        I show my true face so that I may 
                        be known when I come home.

           Oscarsson brings out his pistol and points it at Webber. A 
           slight smile on his face as the bullets hit him. Webber 
           remains frozen, watching Oscarsson fall from the bridge.

           INT. HOMELESS SHELTER -- DAY

           Kemp carries a shaving kit past lost souls gathered around a 
           small TV: a newsman stands in front of an armored transport.

                                 NEWSMAN (ON TV)
                        ...it is quiet at this moment...

           Follow Kemp into a little “bathroom.” He pulls a plastic 
           curtain closed behind him. Opens his kit. Inside, the 
           passport of the dead councilor, containing a DMZ visa. The 
           councilor’s distinguishing features are mentioned. Missing 
           fingers. Kemp removes a SCALPEL from the bag. A unit on the 
           wall warns users to “sheath all used needles.” Kemp sticks 
           the scalpel in the unit’s PURPLE LIGHT to sterilize it. He 
           then begins to cut off the little finger of his left hand...

           EXT. BRIDGE -- NEAR DAWN

           Webber grimly watches Oscarsson’s body being fished out, Gast 
           beside him.

                                 GAST
                        Not a bad day’s work. Even if this 
                        is the end of the party, we at 
                        least have the satisfaction of a 
                        job well done. 

           Webber just looks at him. Marling joins them, excited. 

                                 MARLING
                        There was a sighting of Kemp- a 
                        homeless shelter. The place is 
                        fifty percent pilgrims waiting on 
                        DMZ visas.
           INT. HOMELESS SHELTER -- DAY

           Gast and Marling watch on, flanked by SHELTER STAFF and a 
           host of curious lost souls, as Webber searches the area 
           around one particular cot. 

                                 GAST
                        He’ll have crossed over by now, of 
                        course.

           Under the mattress, Webber discovers a small DISC, like a 
           mini-CD. Gast holds out his hand. Webber has no choice but to 
           hand it over. Gast slides the disc into the hand-held device 
           he produces from his pocket. It’s revealed to be an audio 
           recording as Gast presses play. Unrecognizable alien SOUNDS. 

                                 MARLING
                        It’s High Dialect. It’ll take hours 
                        to decipher it. 

           Webber, though, is already understanding what’s being said-

                                 KEMP (O.S.)
                           (alien language, 
                            subtitled)
                        ...Webber. You’ll excuse my 
                        wretched accent. I just had 
                        something to tell you. About your 
                        Little Dutch Girl...

           Webber reacts with alarm he can barely conceal.

                                 KEMP (O.S., SUBTITLED) (CONT’D)
                        I had to complicate your decision 
                        to follow me, just a bit...

           Gast starts to turn off the recording, figuring its just 
           gibberish to human ears. Webber stops him. 

                                 KEMP  (O.S., SUBTITLED) (CONT’D)
                        ...So I’ve created a dilemma for 
                        you. A human dilemma... 

           A surprised Gast stares at Webber - who is concentrating, 
           eyes closed, on the sounds, obviously understanding the 
           impenetrable alien dialect.

                                 KEMP (O.S., SUBTITLED) (CONT’D)
                        I made a call, to Abraxas. I 
                        painted a rather vivid picture of a 
                        loose end...
           Webber charges off, leaving Gast and Marling very taken 
           aback. By the time Webber hits the door, he’s already dialed 
           Mia’s number. He winces at getting her VOICE-MAIL... 

                                 WEBBER (INTO PHONE)
                        Mia, if you’re out somewhere, don’t 
                        go home. If you’re in your 
                        apartment, get out. Now. 

           INT. MIA’S APARTMENT -- DAY

           Mia is deep asleep, a towel over her eyes. Her phone DINGS 
           near her waitress uniform. 1 Voicemail received. 

           EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING -- DAY

           Sion, the “homeless” alien with the robotic arm, crosses the 
           street in front, carrying a wrinkled grocery bag... another 
           angle reveals he’s being watched by a figure in a parked car.

           INT. WEBBER’S CAR -- DAY

           Webber dials as he maniacally speeds down the highway. He 
           dials Mia again. Again, voice-mail! 

           INT. MIA’S APARTMENT -- DAY

           Wearing a robe, yawning, Mia walks down the little hall that 
           separates her kitchen from her bedroom. In passing, we may 
           note the chain on her apartment door. She gets a yogurt out 
           of her fridge and spoons it as she re-crosses the hall. 

           She notices her phone BLINKING. Follow her as she retrieves 
           her phone. She listens to her message... 

                                 WEBBER (O.S.)
                        Mia, if you’re in your apartment. 
                        Get out. Just get out...

           Mia whirls to look behind her. Holding the phone, she 
           fearfully exits the bedroom, scanning... Reaching the hall, 
           she lowers the phone. Her door is ajar. The chain is 
           dangling. Someone’s in the apartment with her. 

           Mia hangs up the phone so its muffled murmuring won’t give 
           her position away. She back-pedals, quietly as she can, 
           toward the kitchen... only to freeze before she gets there, 
           HEARING something. A creak. 
           She watches the kitchen doorway, her whole body tense. 
           There’s nothing there. Nothing, nothing... then a glimpse of 
           a man’s arm and shoulder. 

           She backs away slowly, keeping her eye on the doorway. Ducks 
           into the bathroom to her right, turns on the water in the 
           shower, then quickly dodges back across the hall.   

           Mia quietly slides a knife out of a kitchen drawer and 
           retreats into a closet behind her... 

           Sion enters the hall, weapon at his side. He approaches the 
           bathroom... 

           Holding the knife in the dark, Mia tries to listen to what’s 
           going on outside but loudly humming pipes make it impossible.

           ...Sion turns away from the empty bathroom with the shower 
           running... and finds himself facing UN agent Felton who holds 
           a somewhat shaky gun on him. 

                                 FELTON
                        Don’t move. Put your weapon down.

           Sion puts his gun on the floor, smiling the whole while at 
           Felton’s obvious nervousness.. 

                                 SION
                        U.N.?

                                 FELTON
                        I’ve been on you for days. You’re a 
                        little fish. We want Morningstar.

                                 SION
                        I think you say “speak of the 
                        devil.” 

           Felton doesn’t get it. Sion nods to something beyond Felton’s 
           shoulder. Felton turns and sees Webber there, his own gun 
           drawn, a silencer on it. The gun’s pointed at him.

                                 WEBBER
                        Hand over your weapon and back up, 
                        hands behind your head. 

           Felton- aghast- just stands there. 

                                 FELTON
                        You... you’re...?

                                 WEBBER
                        Now. 
           Disbelieving, Felton surrender his pistol, butt first. 

                                 SION
                        Nice timing, Morningstar.

           Webber looks at Sion. Then SHOOTS HIM, dead center. Felton is 
           startled. Webber motions to the couch. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Sit. 

           Felton obeys. Webber walks over to Sion who is clawing at the 
           human face he wears, as if it were a mask he desperately 
           wanted to take off, drawing blood... 

                                 SION
                        Not like this... not like this...

           With a hideous ripping sound, Sion succeeds in tearing away a 
           portion of his human face exposing something we haven’t 
           really had a close look at- the true face of an alien. It 
           looks demonic, contorted in anger. Webber holds Sion down, 
           covering his nose and mouth with his hand, suffocating him...

           ...as Felton, looking around for a weapon close at hand, 
           fixes on a SCARF of Mia’s, draped over the sofa’s arm. 

           ...and Mia hesitantly emerges from the closet, making her way 
           fearfully down the hall, still clutching the knife... 

           Webber gets a nasty surprise as an ALIEN ARM bursts out of 
           Sion’s mid-section, clutching wildly at him. 

           With Webber distracted, Felton seizes his moment- he leaps 
           up, grabs the scarf and wraps it around Webber’s neck. Sion’s 
           arm falls limp- dead- as Felton pulls Webber off him, 
           tightening the scarf like a garotte. This is what Mia sees as 
           she enters the living room. 

           She rushes to Felton and tries to pull him off Webber. Felton 
           knocks her back with an elbow and goes on strangling Webber. 

           Mia watches Webber’s eyes roll back in his head. He’s dying. 

           Acting on instinct, she sticks Felton with the knife. 

           Felton falls, yowling. Mia is in shock at what she’s done. 
           Webber’s pretty surprised himself. He unwinds the scarf from 
           his neck and takes the knife from her. 

                                 MIA
                        Were they... wh-who were they? 
                                 WEBBER
                        Wait for me in your bedroom... now. 

           Felton is curled up, moaning, holding his side. Looking down 
           at him, Webber grits his teeth in frustration.  

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        She has nothing to do with this. 

                                 FELTON
                           (obviously out of fear)
                        Alright. I believe you

           Webber shakes his head. It’s useless. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Go. 

           Felton can’t believe it. But he doesn’t need to be told 
           twice. He picks himself up, in pain and limps out the door. 

           Webber curses under his breath then goes to Mia’s bedroom. 
           She’s sitting on her bed. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        We have to go, quickly. The man you 
                        stabbed was a U.N. intelligence 
                        officer. 

                                 MIA
                        But he... why was he attacking you?

                                 WEBBER
                        You know. 

                                 MIA
                        I don’t know anything. 

                                 WEBBER
                        You know.

                                 MIA
                        I don’t! What do you think I know? 
                        That you’re an infiltrator? How can 
                        I think that? You can’t be...

                                 WEBBER
                        You don’t understand but you know.
                           (stops her from bolting)
                        Your life depends on trusting me. 
                        There’s only one shortcut to get 
                        there. Let me see your hand.
                                 MIA
                        What?!

           He takes her hand. He picks up a pair of cuticle scissors 
           from the table between them. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m sorry for this. 

           He SLICES her palm. Mia recoils. He then slices his own palm. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        I’ve never seen my home. My real 
                        home. But I carry it with me 
                        wherever I go. In my blood.

           Webber clasps his bleeding palm over the wound of hers. She 
           immediately reacts with bodily shudder, turning pale. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        The collective memory of my kind is 
                        imbedded in my DNA structure. 
                        Hidden. It’s all there- what it is 
                        to be one of us. 

           Blue veins radiate from Mia’s wrist, down her arm, 
           disappearing under her sleeve. Her eyes roll back. 

           FLASH TO-

           A field of unbroken white... movement, shapes, white bodies 
           amid the whiteness, gliding against each other in rhythmic 
           unison, like an underwater dance...

           INT. CAR -- DAY

           Mia wakes up, pale. Lost on her: they’re driving through the 
           first pretty countryside we’ve seen. She becomes violently 
           ill. He directs her attention to the wastebasket in the well 
           in front of her.

                                 WEBBER
                        It’ll pass. It’s always painful to 
                        wake up on earth after the Dream.

                                 MIA
                        I was somewhere... it was 
                        beautiful. The most beautiful... we 
                        were all... all of us... we were... 
                                 WEBBER
                        It’s the dream I have every time I 
                        close my eyes.

                                 MIA
                        It wasn’t a dream. I was there.

                                 WEBBER
                        In a way, you were. In another way, 
                        it was just a sadistic lie. 

           Mia tilts the rear view to look at herself. Her eyes have 
           changed color. A vivid blue. It’s the last thing she sees as 
           she loses consciousness again.

           EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE -- DAY

           Webber parks outside an ill-kept cottage, surrounded by wild 
           growth. He lifts an unconscious Mia out of the car. 

           INT. COUNTRY HOUSE -- DAY

           A RED LIGHT on an armed MINE in front of the front door goes 
           out as Webber flips a concealed switch in the door frame. 

           Webber carries Mia to a slip-covered sofa. He goes to the 
           window, eyes the dirt road that cuts through the tall 
           weeds... at the same time, Mia rouses and, looking around 
           groggily, finds herself staring at the faded wallpaper. The 
           twining vines of the print seem to fascinate and greatly 
           trouble her. When Webber looks back at her, she's doubled 
           over in painful nausea.

                                 WEBBER
                        It’s the floral pattern in the 
                        paper. Organic shapes can be hard 
                        to take right after the Dream.

                                 MIA
                        Everything I look at is one big, 
                        dull, grey, disgusting thing. I 
                        look at a chair, a rock, your face - 
                        they’re all just broken bits of 
                        something broken... You live like 
                        this?

           Webber's face answers for him. 

                                 WEBBER
                        These effects will fade. You'll be 
                        safe on a train in an hour. 
                                 MIA
                        On a train? Where am I going?

                                 WEBBER
                        Madrid, first. There'll be someone 
                        on the other end to guide you from 
                        there. I've used this escape route 
                        before. It's safe.

                                 MIA
                        But why do I need to run? I didn't 
                        do anything. I... I didn't know...

                                 WEBBER
                        The UN already suspected you before 
                        you stabbed one of their agents. 
                        They’ll dump you in a Black Site 
                        for interrogation, if they get 
                        their hands on you. And my side 
                        wants you dead. So, yes, you need 
                        to run. It's not fair. I'm sorry.

                                 MIA
                        You're sorry...? 

           She literally starts laughing and crying at the same time. 
           Webber wants to comfort her but he doesn't know how, so he 
           just stands there, watching.

                                 WEBBER
                        I wish I could take you myself but 
                        there's a small chance I can 
                        prevent this war. There's a man out 
                        there who's going to sabotage the 
                        peace talks but I can stop him. 
                        Maybe. I'll have to kill him, of 
                        course... He happens to be the only 
                        person on this planet I have any 
                        real connection to.

                                 MIA
                        Why are you smiling?

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m just enjoying this opportunity 
                        to say what I’m actually thinking.

           He crosses to her. She looks up at him. He kisses her, as if 
           compelled. They're both surprised. Even more so when she 
           kisses him back. For several, long seconds, they clumsily 
           grope each other. Until, as if by mutual decree, it stops. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Are you alright?
                                 MIA
                        That’s a weird question but yeah... 
                        Yeah.

           Mia looks at him as if trying to sort out her feelings. A 
           sudden, wayward thought...

                                 MIA (CONT’D)
                        What do you look like under your 
                        skin?

                                 WEBBER
                        I look like you. Is that a relief?

           She laughs a little. Webber’s expression changes suddenly- 
           Mia’s confused as Webber walks toward a rear hall. Stands 
           there, listening. She starts to ask. He motions for quiet.

           A SHADOW flits across daylight at the base of the back door.

           Mia looks terrified. Webber gives her a reassuring look, then 
           ducks back... as the back door CREAKS open. An INFILTRATOR 
           wearing a suit enters, gun out, silhouetted by sunlight as he 
           comes down the hall. Until Webber flips a wall switch 
           activating a PULSE MINE on the floor. Instantly, the 
           silhouetted Infiltrator’s body crumples and collapses. 

           Webber nods for Mia to take shelter in the corner. He selects 
           a length of rusty pipe from the debris on the floor. 

           More CREAKING - the stairs. Webber positions himself. 

           Mia bites her hand to keep from making noise as a PAIR OF 
           MEN’S SHOES appear on the steps, followed by the man himself. 

           Webber lets the Infiltrator get all the way down, then he 
           takes a chunk of the guy’s scalp with one swing of the pipe.  

           Webber retrieves the Infiltrator’s dropped ALIEN WEAPON, 
           which resembles a shotgun. He takes out his own pistol and 
           hands it to Mia. She looks skeptical.

           ALIEN VOICES from the next room, muffled.

           Webber levels the weapon at the wall and starts BLASTING. 
           Devastating plasma rounds punch through the wall.

           Walking around the other side of the wall, Webber finds, amid 
           clearing smoke, three DEAD INFILTRATORS on the floor. Abraxas- 
           now in the human guise of an elegantly dressed older woman- 
           lies among them, wounded but alive.
                                 ABRAXAS
                        I’m an outcast, as much as you and 
                        Kemp. All of us who dirty our hands 
                        down here. Instead of being honored 
                        for our sacrifices, we’re 
                        scorned...

           Webber levels the weapon. She grows more urgent-

                                 ABRAXAS (CONT’D)
                        You don’t understand- it would have 
                        been impossible for you to have a 
                        life in the Vale before but that's 
                        about to change... 

                                 WEBBER
                        What’s going to change that? War?
                           (realizing)
                        The Hex never wanted war. Kemp’s 
                        mission was you forcing their hand.  

                                 ABRAXAS
                        They’re incredibly stubborn but 
                        after today they’ll have no choice 
                        but to commit. A full assault. 
                        Finally.

                                 WEBBER
                        The peace talks are happening. 
                        That’s Kemp’s target. 

                                 ABRAXAS
                        A new world will rise from this. 
                        One where you’ll finally belong. 
                        Where you will be treasured, as you 
                        always should have been. 

                                 WEBBER
                        It may be a failure of imagination 
                        on my part but I can’t envision any 
                        better world with you still in it. 

           Webber whacks her across the skull with the butt of his gun 
           and reaches for a length of electrical cord on the floor. 

           In the other room, Mia glimpses something moving outside. 

                                 MIA
                        Hey... hey! 

           Webber quickly finishes tying unconscious Abraxas to a rusty 
           heater and grabs the weapon... 
           Mia raises the gun Webber gave her with two hands and starts 
           backing up the stairs... not seeing the INFILTRATOR appearing 
           on the stairs behind her. She does HEAR a floorboard sag. She 
           whips around and FIRES, eyes closed. She hits the man, 
           miraculously. He keeps coming, though. Staggering at her, 
           aiming his gun hand... 

           Till Webber arrives and cuts him in two with a plasma blast. 

           Mia freaks as unidentifiable alien appendages flail for a few 
           moments from the Infiltrator’s ruined body. Webber grabs her.    

                                 WEBBER
                        You’re ok. You can’t do this now.  

           She pulls it together, sort of. Webber leads her back to the 
           other room, to check on Abraxas. 

           They find: the electrical cord lies curled in BLOODY TISSUE, 
           the skin of her human arm, discarded like a snake’s skin. 

           Webber rushes to the window. He sees TWO TRAILS of flattening 
           weeds swiftly descending from the road above into the 
           overgrown field in front of the house. Cars.

           A CLEARING IN THE WEEDS

           A BLACK CAR parks, AN INFILTRATOR gets out, nerdy, wearing 
           glasses. A second CAR emerges from the weeds. A THUGGISH 
           INFILTRATOR emerges from that one- accompanied by Abraxas, 
           her exposed alien arm dangling at her side. 

           Mr. Glasses sets a METALLIC CYLINDER on the ground. It 
           springs to life, unfolding into a large, frightening CYCLOPS 
           on tripod legs like the ones glimpsed in the Alien Zone.

           FIELD

           Webber leads Mia through the tall weeds, fleeing on a 
           trajectory away from the cars. Webber stops short, listening. 
           He hears something coming toward them through the weeds, a 
           WHIRRING. He knows what it is. He turns to her.

                                 WEBBER
                        Follow the tree line north. There’s 
                        a train station, three miles that 
                        way. It looks deserted but today a 
                        train will stop there.

                                 MIA
                        No! I'm not going alone. We can get 
                        on the train together.  
                                 WEBBER
                        That window’s closed. 

           The WHIRRING is growing louder, closing in rapidly. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        Run. Please.
                           (cutting her off)
                        If you run and I don’t see you die, 
                        then for the rest of my life, 
                        there’ll always be a chance you 
                        made it. Give me that. 

           Mia’s eyes fill with tears as she realizes she has no counter-
           argument. Then she’s off. It’s so abrupt it surprises Webber. 
           He wants to call after her.

           The WHIRRING is almost on him now. He takes off in the 
           opposite direction Mia ran, running uphill. He reaches a 
           point where he can see the silver top of the Cyclops poking 
           above the weeds, plowing toward him. 

           He reaches a bare hillside. Stops, turns. He braces the 
           shotgun listening to the WHIRRING get louder.

           He gets off one shot before the Cyclops is on him. One of its 
           spidery legs pierces Webber’s wrist. Poised over a pinned 
           Webber, the mechanical creature goes dormant, emitting a 
           BEACON SIGNAL.

           INT. BLACK CAR -- DAY

           Webber is thrown in the back seat beside Abraxas. 

                                 ABRAXAS
                        There are years of secrets we have 
                        to account for. This could take 
                        days.

           Webber rubs his wrist, crudely swathed with torn cloth. As 
           the car pulls away, he subtly glances back. He catches sight 
           of Mia making it into the trees. He looks almost peaceful. 

           EXT. STREET NEAR DMZ -- DAY

           Abraxas’ men take Webber out of the car on a block of ruined 
           brick buildings dominated by an imposing UN Sentry Tower. 
           INT. RUINED BUILDING -- DAY

           PIGEONS take wing as a door opens. Webber is led in, Abraxas 
           trailing, a coat covering her arm. They ascend a rickety 
           staircase through dusty bands of light. At the top of the 
           stairs, a debris-filled room where the wall facing the DMZ 
           has collapsed. One of Abraxas’ men removes a drop-cloth from 
           a mostly-glass contraption like something out of Jules Verne, 
           a blimp-shaped TRANSPORT the size of a bus.  

                                 ABRAXAS
                        The cloaking on this isn’t designed 
                        for daylight. We’ll hope for the 
                        best. 

           EXT. DMZ -- CONTINUOUS

           The UN sentry tower stands in the foreground as the alien 
           transport flies low, away from the brick building. Its 
           cloaking makes it mostly invisible.

           INT. ALIEN TRANSPORT

           Webber, standing at the front, has a vertiginous view of the 
           ruins of the DMZ. Webber raises his eyes to the Mother Zone 
           in the distance. FINGERS OF LIGHT descend from it to touch 
           the top of the tower located directly beneath it.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Is that Ambassador Thtk arriving? 

           Abraxas corrects Webber’s pronunciation of the Ambassador’s 
           name. Webber grins darkly. 

                                 WEBBER (CONT’D)
                        He’s the real target, isn’t he? Not 
                        Secretary Voss. He’ll be killed by 
                        Kemp- a human, and the Hex will be 
                        forced to declare war.  

                                 ABRAXAS
                        No, they’ll balk and dither, and a 
                        new regime will have to declare a 
                        State of Emergency. Then there’ll 
                        be war.

                                 WEBBER
                        I have to admit I envy you. You 
                        know what you want.

           Webber smiles. Abraxas smiles back.
           Very fast: Webber kidney-jabs the thuggish underling next to 
           him then, simultaneously, rips the glasses of the nerdy 
           underling’s face and breaks his leg with a stomp. He snaps 
           the glasses in two and uses the sharp edge to slash the 
           thug’s throat. Snagging the guy’s gun as he falls, he FIRES 
           point blank into the “nerd” who’s reaching for his weapon...

           EXT. UN SENTRY POST -- DAY

           A UN GUARD spots the FLARES inside the cloaked transport, 
           giving its position away. He starts barking indecipherable 
           commands into a mouthpiece.

           INT. ALIEN TRANSPORT

           Webber faces Abraxas. He raises his gun. Just as a 
           phosphorescent projectile streaks toward them. 

           EXT. DMZ/ALIEN ZONE

           The transport becomes visible as, engulfed in phosphorous 
           flames, it begins a rapid trajectory toward earth... and 
           CRASHES in a remote mining area of the alien zone.

           For a moment, silence as the flames sputter out. An ALIEN 
           ROVER arrives on the scene. TWO ALIEN BORDER GUARDS in exo-
           suits get out to look. One approaches the crash site. 

           A BLAST from inside the wreck practically decapitates him. 

           Webber rolls out of the wreck and trades fire with the 2nd 
           alien guard, bringing him down. 

           Webber gets to his feet, a little shaky, and recovers a phone 
           from the wreck. No service. At the same time, Abraxas is 
           crawling out of the wreck. Her lower half is missing and 
           she’s dragging along a couple of exposed alien appendages. 
           She says something to him in the alien tongue. 

                                 WEBBER
                        I’m sorry. I don’t understand. 

           He shoots her. He then sees a fleet of ROVERS coming his way. 

           He looks toward the alien city in the distance and the Mother 
           Zone tower that looms above it. That’s where he has to go. He 
           confiscates the rover the dead border guards left behind.
           ALIEN CITY - OUTER BOROUGH

           Webber abandons the Rover at the edge of a deserted, narrow 
           lane lined by red sandstone-looking structures that flow into 
           each other like natural formations. 

           He follows the MUFFLED NOISE of the city’s center. Niches 
           carved irregularly into the walls provide glimpses of alien 
           strangeness going on inside the structures he passes. In one, 
           a lone alien makes stylized gestures to the air- a prayer or 
           calisthenics?

           Around a corner, Webber almost runs into a group of ALIENS 
           wearing hooded robes. He heads the other way... and discovers 
           a patrolling ALIEN in a military exo-suit in his path. 

           Webber blindly ducks through the nearest door.  

           INT. ALIEN HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS

           Webber draws his gun and moves through the dark space, 
           cluttered with incomprehensible bric-a-brac... A SOUND makes 
           him turn... AN ALIEN CHILD looks up at him, regarding him 
           like a slightly interesting novelty. Webber lowers the gun 
           and backs away. 

           EXT. ANOTHER ALIEN STREET -- MOMENTS LATER

           This one’s busier, there are HUMANS in evidence- serfs in 
           soiled rags. Webber fits right in. He flows with the other 
           humans into a crowded, Casbah-like warren. Soon he’s awash in 
           cacophonous sights and sounds. He passes aliens aggressively 
           exchanging colored discs - some kind of commerce? A game? 

           Webber notices one of the alien “vendors” looking at him. 
           He’s not sure whether to make anything of it or not. 

           A WHIR behind him. He looks back. The crowd is parting for 
           one of those CYCLOPEAN TRIPODS. No way to tell if it’s coming 
           after him. Just in case, he cuts down another lane. 

           There are two more CYCLOPI coming toward him from that 
           direction. Now there’s no doubt.

           Webber climbs a flight of steps and winds up on a flat 
           rooftop that flakes under every footfall like a sand dune. He  
           jumps from roof to roof- until one of the Cyclops leaps onto 
           the roof in front of him with its springy spider legs.

           He follows another flight of steps around a Gaudi-like 
           turret. The Cyclops takes the steps with surprising alacrity. 
           With nowhere to go, Webber makes a leap of faith, dropping 
           through an opening at the top of the turret... 

           INT. ALIEN SHRINE -- CONTINUOUS

           ...and lands in a darkened space where dozens of naked aliens 
           float in glass chambers filled with a viscous blue gel. A few 
           dry on mats where ALIENS IN PRIESTLY ROBES talk them through 
           the experience of waking on Earth. Webber only gets a quick 
           impression of all this because his mere presence here causes 
           instant bedlam. The aliens in the tanks wake all at once in 
           an agony of desperate flailing. Webber pushes through the 
           madness, running for daylight...

           EXT. ALIEN STREETS -- CONTINUOUS

           Emerging onto a quiet street. Webber looks back at the shrine 
           and sees its surrounded by Cyclopi. They stand frozen- 
           programmed not to enter the shrine, apparently. Webber slips 
           away. He follows a street paved with white tiles. 

           Aliens stare at him from under their hoods like he was an 
           escaped animal from the zoo, but no one stops him. 

           EXT. ALIEN ZONE -- DAY

           Webber reaches a high street where he can clearly see the  
           “Motherzone” tower. He heads that way.

           MOTHERZONE TOWER

           A white-tiled expanse, cordoned off by ALIEN SENTRIES and 
           patrolled by CYCLOPEAN PODS. Beyond the cordon, the TOWER 
           falls intermittently under shadow as a HUGE TRIANGULAR BLADE 
           hovering in the sky above it slowly rotates. In the white 
           courtyard, WELL-HEELED HUMANS, obvious government types, mix 
           with ALIEN DIPLOMATS or talk on phones. This is clearly where 
           the peace talks are going on. 

           Webber approaches the cordon, scanning the dignitaries on the 
           other side of the barricade. He watches a SENTRY wave a LIMO 
           through. He notes a familiar face behind the tinted rear 
           window: SECRETARY-GENERAL VOSS. 

           There’s movement too at the entrance of the tower -a phalanx 
           of EXO-SUITED ALIENS are just now emerging, led by the XENIAN 
           AMBASSADOR, festooned in ornamental robes.

           Webber knows whatever’s going to happen is happening now. He 
           scans the human contingent in the courtyard more closely. 
           Kemp is there, wearing a diplomatic badge, cheerfully 
           chatting up a balding ATTACHE. 

           Webber takes one step toward the barricade... and suddenly 
           finds himself surrounded by threatening CYCLOPI. ARMED 
           SENTRIES approach. One scans him with some device.

                                 ALIEN SENTRY
                        Martin Webber?

           Webber raises his hands. He sees Secretary Voss emerging from 
           the limo with his BODYGUARDS. 

           Kemp sees the same thing. This is his moment.

           But just as he starts moving, Kemp notices the buzz of 
           activity all around. A Bodyguard whispers something in Voss’ 
           ear and the Secretary immediately gets right back in the limo 
           he just got out of. Kemp has no idea what’s going on. 

           Then he sees Webber, on the other side of the barricade, 
           under arrest, and he understands. 

           He looks toward the tower where the Xenian Ambassador is 
           right now getting the same message from his guard...

                                 ALIEN BODYGUARD (SUBTITLE)
                        Security has been compromised. We 
                        have to go back. 

           Kemp can’t believe it as security closes around the 
           Ambassador, leading him back toward the tower entrance.  

           Kemp looks back toward the barricade. He can’t hear what 
           Webber’s telling the Alien Security forces surrounding him 
           but there’s no doubt about the upshot as Webber points at him

           It’s now or never. Kemp charges after the Ambassador, 
           bringing out of his pocket an RED GLOBULE the size of a golf 
           ball. When he gets as close as a Cyclops covering the 
           Ambassador’s retreat will allow, Kemp throws it. A Hail Mary. 

           It lands in the hair of a BLONDE DIPLOMATIC ATTACHE 
           desperately trying to get the Ambassador’s attention. She 
           doesn’t even notice. 

           CLOSE ON: the red egg in her hair undulates, a spider-like 
           leg emerges...

           Kemp says a profane prayer under his breath. 

           The Blonde Attache’s body suddenly collapses like a deflating 
           balloon inside her tailored suit. And a MASS OF CARNIVOROUS 
           INSECTS erupts from where she was standing.  

                                 (MORE)
           At once, people- human and alien alike- are being devoured in 
           the streaming RED TIDE, flesh disappearing, exposing sinew 
           and bone. Some visibly decompose while still trying to run. 

           The Cubensis Idori stream across the barricade, climb the 
           tripod legs of the Cylopi, gumming up their inner works and 
           bringing them down. Webber has to dive to avoid being crushed 
           by one as it falls.

           As abruptly as it started, the red tide extinguishes itself 
           like a spent wave- just shy of the disoriented Xenian 
           Ambassador who’s already at the tower entrance. 

           Recovering his feet, Webber sees Kemp pursuing the Ambassador 
           into the tower. He goes after them...

           INT. MOTHERZONE TOWER - CONTINUOUS

           Entering, he finds himself in a long corridor lit only by 
           amber light spilling from the SILO at its far end. As that 
           borrowed light fades, all Webber can see ahead are MUZZLE 
           FLASHES. Kemp trading gunfire with the Ambassador’s guards. 

           Webber feels along the wall. Near the end of the corridor, he 
           has to step over dead bodyguards. As he enters the silo... 

           MOTHERZONE TOWER - SILO - CONTINUOUS

           ...that AMBER LIGHT flares up again. It’s the light of the 
           Mother Zone, filtered by a dome above. The Triangle in the 
           sky above the tower has rotated to let it in again. 

           The temporary illumination allows Webber to see everything: 
           He’s on a platform halfway up the silo. Twin ladders line the 
           silo, opposite each other. They are linked at regular 
           intervals by BRIDGES, each of which is divided into 
           compartments by a series of transparent BLAST SHIELDS. 

           Webber looks downward and sees the Ambassador being hustled 
           by his last surviving bodyguards down the ladder below, 
           toward a platform at the base of the silo from which 
           SPHERICAL TRANSPORTS continuously rise, like cars on a 
           Disneyland ride. He sees no sign of Kemp. 

           Webber starts down the ladder as the Triangle in the sky once 
           again blocks out all light. 

                                 KEMP (O.S.)
                        Here we are. At the passage between 
                        the two worlds. 
                                 (MORE)

                                 KEMP (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                                 KEMP (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        After I kill His Excellency, we 
                        should hijack one of the spheres, 
                        take the ride all the way up. Storm 
                        the gates of heaven. 

           Webber FIRES in the direction of Kemp’s voice. Kemp RETURNS. 
           They stop firing as one of the empty SPHERES rises between 
           them. The lights of the sphere reveal Kemp’s position- on the 
           ladder opposite, just above him. 

           Webber fires and misses. To his surprise, Kemp doesn’t shoot 
           back- instead, Kemp grabs the ladder with both hands, holding 
           on for dear life. Webber looks up as light returns and sees 
           why: the dome is opening to let the Sphere pass. 

           As the dome opens, it’s no longer amber light flooding the 
           silo, it’s the BURNING WHITE LIGHT of the Mother Zone, 
           undiluted. It singes Webber’s sleeve where his arm pokes out 
           a little from the shade of the landing above. Gravity 
           disappears. All the yellowish dust that coats everything in 
           here is suddenly released to dance in the air. Webber and 
           Kemp have to hold on to keep from being swept up too. 

           The dome closes behind the sphere. Gravity returns. 

           Webber and Kemp resume shooting each other until everything 
           goes black again. 

           Webber hears hushed, anxious ALIEN WHISPERS- the Ambassador 
           and his remaining escort. A beat later, there’s an ERUPTION 
           OF MUZZLE FLASHES everywhere. It lasts only a moment. 

           When light returns, Webber sees the last two of the 
           Ambassador’s bodyguards dead on the next bridge below him and 
           the Ambassador himself- spattered with their blood- 
           desperately continuing his descent down the ladder alone.

           He’s a sitting duck for Kemp who’s almost parallel with him 
           now on that other ladder across the silo. 

           Webber fires quickly, hitting Kemp in the back of the 
           shoulder, throwing off his aim. 

           Black falls again. Kemp hisses in the alien tongue, then-

                                 KEMP (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        Your problem is you see both sides 
                        of the conflict. If you’re both, 
                        you’re neither...

           Webber aims his weapon at Kemp’s voice even as he keeps 
           clumsily descending the ladder after the Ambassador. 
                                 WEBBER
                        We have to be who we are. 

                                 KEMP (O.S.)
                        That’s why I embrace Neither.

           Light returns. We’re now with the frightened Ambassador as he 
           discovers that he and Kemp are standing directly opposite 
           each other, on either side of one of the silo bridges.  

           Kemp FIRES, shatters the blast shield in front of him... only 
           to have his shot stopped by the blast shield beyond it. 

           The Ambassador looks terrified as Webber, dropping down from 
           the ladder above, joins him on his end of the bridge.    

                                 WEBBER
                        Keep going! Don’t look back. 

           The Ambassador asks no questions. He keeps going, down the 
           ladder. Webber faces Kemp. They study each other a moment 
           through the layers of glass then start SHOOTING THEIR WAY 
           TOWARDS EACH OTHER, demolishing glass barrier after glass 
           barrier. Until there’s only one left between them. 

           Kemp demonstrates he’s out of ammo. Webber shoots the glass 
           wall between them. It falls away. Kemp waits for it. 

           Webber pulls the trigger- click. He’s empty too. 

           Kemp smiles. The darkness drops again. 

           In the black, we HEAR fumbling, the CRUNCH of glass. When 
           light returns, Kemp’s no longer in front of him.

           He sees the Ambassador boarding a sphere below. 

           CLOSE ON: Kemp’s hand closes around a shard of broken glass 
           just before everything once more goes dark... 

           We hear a TUSSLE, a CRY of pain... the light of the rising 
           sphere reveals Webber with a SLASHED arm and Kemp holding his 
           glass shard like a dagger. Webber takes up a shard of his 
           own, gripping so tightly blood oozes between his fingers. The 
           Ambassador’s sphere rises slowly toward them as they slowly 
           close on each other. They feint and parry. 

           Then, grinning, Kemp leaps off the bridge, onto the exterior 
           of the rising sphere, grabbing hold of a porthole latch to 
           keep from sliding off. Webber jumps aboard too. Now Webber 
           and Kemp knife fight like bar brawlers, while precariously 
           hanging onto the sphere. They start making contact. There’s 
           blood. They lose their grips, one right after another. 
           They both wind up on their backs on the bridge below, wind 
           knocked out of them, weaponless, watching the sphere rise. 

                                 KEMP
                        So, you won- this world will go on, 
                        groaning under the weight of its 
                        own tedium. I leave it all to you. 
                        Enjoy. 

           Webber crawls under shelter. Kemp stays put. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Come on.

           Webber holds out his hand. Kemp finds himself smiling, a sad, 
           wise smile. 

                                 KEMP
                        I lived this moment a thousand 
                        times. I never imagined I wouldn’t 
                        be alone.  

           Still smiling, he looks up. Webber looks up too. The sphere 
           is almost at the top of the dome. Kemp’s eyes go wide, 
           watching in wonder, in awe, as the dome begins to open... 

                                 KEMP (CONT’D)
                        Look at that.

           The white-hot plasma of the Mother Zone FLOODS in, blowing 
           Kemp’s body apart. Webber grabs a rail as zero gravity lifts 
           him. Kemp’s beaded blood dances in the speckled air. 

           INT. A WINDOWLESS ROOM -- DAY

           Yellow light. A bare bulb in a water-marked ceiling. 

           Webber’s eyes focus on it. He becomes aware of his 
           surroundings, slowly. He’s crudely bandaged. An IV stand is 
           about the only furniture. Then he becomes aware of a TV 
           that’s showing surveillance video of himself and Mia entering 
           the country house. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Mia?

                                 GAST
                        Is she really your first thought? 

           Webber sits up, discovers Gast sitting in a chair. 
                                 GAST (CONT’D)
                        We were evenly split in our 
                        interpretation of that 
                        relationship. Half of us thought it 
                        was purely tactical opportunism on 
                        your part. Others thought it was 
                        biology asserting itself. I 
                        withheld judgement.  

                                 WEBBER
                        Why am I alive?

                                 GAST
                        Peace accords have been signed. All 
                        nonsense, of course, but doomsday 
                        has been forestalled, for a while 
                        anyway. The agreed-upon fiction is 
                        that you were acting as the leader 
                        of a special task force, operated 
                        jointly by the UN and the Xeno High 
                        Command. So you’re untouchable. For 
                        now. 
                           (places a PASSPORT on the 
                            bedside table)
                        Eberlin will not forget, though. So 
                        it would be wise for you to pass 
                        into legend as quickly as possible. 
                        And, if you do have any capacity 
                        for pity, don’t try to see the girl 
                        again. You could only drag her back 
                        into this shit again. 

                                 WEBBER
                        Where is she?

                                 GAST
                        We found her on a train in Breton. 
                        I interviewed her again. I 
                        determined that she is exactly what 
                        she seems to be. Imagine my 
                        amazement. I let her go. She went 
                        wherever she went.

                                 WEBBER
                           (looking at passport)
                        There a chance any of this is true?

                                 GAST
                        Welcome to the human condition. We 
                        live in doubt. 

           Gast smiles and leaves Webber alone.
           A HALLWAY

           Webber, wearing new clothes, limps down an ominous grey-steel 
           corridor. At the end, a door. He hesitates. He tries the 
           knob. It is unlocked...

           EXT. PARIS STREET -- DAY

           Webber emerges onto a busy street. He looks around. Normal 
           life going on in every direction, in all its strangeness. He 
           stands there a moment, very still, still not quite buying it. 

           EXT. TRAIN STATION -- DAY

           ON A MONITOR: the signing of the peace accords. The 
           Ambassador is there. Smiles, handshakes... Webber pays no 
           attention as he boards a train. 

           INT. TRAIN -- DAY

           Webber shows his ticket to the CONDUCTOR. Settling back in 
           his seat, he feels a bulge in his jacket pocket. He finds  
           something unexpected there. A DATA DISK. Unlabeled. He puts 
           it in the Ipad-like device embedded in the train’s arm-rest. 
           It’s a video of Mia, addressing the camera, him.

                                 MIA (ON VIDEO)
                        Monsieur Gast allowed me to make 
                        this recording for you. I got the 
                        impression it was a big concession 
                        for him but now I don’t even know 
                        what to say... They told me you’re 
                        incapable of certain human 
                        feelings... Love. Love is what 
                        we’re talking about. They showed me 
                        surveillance footage of us 
                        together. I think it was supposed 
                        to rattle me, get me to confess... 
                        something, God knows what. But 
                        there was something I saw. It was 
                        in the footage of the night we had 
                        coffee together. We were walking 
                        back... there was a moment you 
                        slipped- do you remember that? I 
                        noted the frame. 17:21:08:02. Gast 
                        told me he’d put it in with your 
                        visa... 

           Webber quickly pulls out his documents, starts urgently 
           rifling through them. 
                                 MIA (ON VIDEO) (CONT’D)
                        There are two people in the photo. 
                        They’re captured in a moment...

           He finds the photo she’s talking about. His whole body goes 
           completely slack.

                                 MIA (ON VIDEO) (CONT’D)
                        I’ve looked at that frame a 
                        thousand times... I know what I see 
                        there. And nobody’ll convince me 
                        I’m wrong. 

           EXT. A PARK, SOMEWHERE IN THE U.S. -- DAY

           A kid’s party is in progress. Streamers, balloons. Mia runs 
           the show, costumed as a princess. Mia shamelessly mugs for 
           the kids as she serves cake. She is transparently happy.

           INT. TRAIN -- DAWN

           A warm, sad, very human smile spreads across Webber’s face. 
           He’s still looking at the photo in his hand. It’s a close-up 
           of Webber and Mia on that street corner. Her hand is on his 
           arm. They’re looking into each other’s eyes. They look, for 
           all the world, like two people in love.

                                 MIA (O.S.)
                        Am I wrong?

           EXT. TRAIN -- DAY

           The train winds up a snowy pass, disappearing into white.

           END
