                                   THE VIRGINIAN

                               Based on the true story

                                     Written by
                                Michael Russell Gunn

          Paradigm
                                                                    ii.

                                                   Heroes are born. 

                                              Patriots are forged.

                                                  - Continental (U.S.) Army
                                                        recruiting pamphlet
           EXT. PINE FOREST, VIRGINIA TERRITORIES - DAY

           This is a claustrophobic and wet wood. Humid droplets fall 
           from the dense canopy into the suffocating brush.

           In the distance there is the CRACK of something we may 
           eventually realize is rifle fire, but before we can:

           JACK (18, terrified) bursts-- running at a breakneck pace--  
           around a tree. 

           He trips over a LOG, and lands hard, THWACK-- shirt torn, 
           body scratched and bruised-- but there’s no time! He’s 
           already up-- stumbling-- running again.

           He’s got a flintlock PISTOL in one hand, but he’s holding it 
           around the barrel, as if the idea of using it-- of doing 
           anything but running-- is absurd.

           There’s another CRACK! And he’s hit-- his dirty shirt 
           SPLATTERS-- RED blood at the left shoulder.

           The bullet spins him and he FALLS down a muddy bank and 
           SPLASHES into a small STREAM.

           Jack is momentarily stunned-- clutching at his shoulder-- 
           trying desperately to get moving.

           The stream is full of wet rocks and he struggles to stand, 
           trips and falls again. He lands on his back and pushes away, 
           toward the far bank, grips the pistol handle, lifting up the 
           pistol-- hand shaking-- aiming at whatever is pursuing him. 

           There’s a beat-- all he can hear is his own breath-- harsh, 
           fast, horrified-- and then they appear, towering above on the 
           riverbank:

           TWO OTTAWAN WARRIORS.

           These aren’t gentle, pilgrim-teaching Native Americans... 
           these men are war-hardened KILLERS. To Jack, they might as 
           well be aliens from another planet-- muscles covered in 
           bright war PAINT, brandishing LONG KNIVES in each hand.

           A FRENCH SOLDIER rushes up, carrying a RIFLE, which he is 
           busy reloading. The Warriors don’t wait-- they pounce. Jack 
           FIRES wildly-- misses. 

           WARRIOR 1 HAMMERS Jack across the face-- kneels on his chest. 
           WARRIOR 2 thrusts his BLADE right into Jack’s forehead. 

           Jack is about to be scalped alive-- BLOOD spilling down his 
           ashen face-- he SCREAMS!
           CUTTING-- SCREAMING-- the blade goes in a half an inch, he’s 
           about to die-- the trauma of scalping usually kills the 
           victim-- but right before he passes out from shock:

           CRACK! THWUMP.

           The WARRIORS wheel to see the French soldier’s NOSE IMPLODE-- 
           shot in the face. He slumps to the riverbank.

           The air is filled with a blood-curdling WAR WHOOP. 

           The Warriors tense-- ready to fight. Jack-- trying to stay 
           conscious-- blinks through blood just as:

           A MAN (30) lands in the stream-- young, ripped, fearless... 
           and absolutely capable. This man is a hurricane. 

           He swings his RIFLE like a bat-- THWUMP-- right into the head 
           of Warrior 1. The stock breaks in two and Warrior 1 drops. 

           Our MAN doesn’t miss a beat-- quickly shoving the splintered 
           wood of his rifle stock like a pike into Warrior 2. But 
           Warrior 2 spins as those splinters tear flesh from his chest.

           Warrior 2 slams the rifle to the stream and arcs wildly with 
           his knife-- Jack’s BLOOD splattering the Man’s shirt.

           Our Man jumps back-- pulling a HATCHET from his belt. As 
           Warrior 2 surges at him with two knives.

           Our MAN lunges, closing the distance-- a sickening SW-THAK-- 
           his hatchet breaks Warrior 2’s elbow joint. He grabs Warrior 
           2 by the throat and lifts him off the ground-- for the first 
           time we realize just how tall our MAN is-- he slams Warrior 2 
           down into the stream.

           This is brutal, awful combat.

           Warrior 2’s skull smashes hard on a rock-- dying pulp. 

           Our MAN grasps the KNIFE-- still in Warrior 2’s limp hand--  
           lifts it up and stabs into his throat.

           Without catching a breath, our MAN retrieves his hatchet from 
           the water and moves to Warrior 1-- no remorse-- he swings 
           down and berths it in Warrior 1’s skull. THWUNK.

           Finally-- certain that both enemies are dead-- he rips the 
           hatchet from bone and splashes it down into the stream, 
           rinsing it. He stands, back to us, takes a beat-- looking up 
           into the gentle rain.

                                 JACK
                        Captain Washington?
           Our MAN turns, revealing:

           His face splattered with dirt, blood, sweat-- but undeniable:

           Our MAN is GEORGE WASHINGTON.

           NOT the white-wigged, stately-dressed, dollar-bill-President, 
           but the man as he was in youth: an All-American bad ass.

                                 GEORGE
                        You got lost, soldier. We’ll forget about 
                        it this time.
                            (off Jack’s embarrassment)
                        The fight is this way.

           George holds out a hand to Jack-- bleeding, helped to his 
           feet-- then George moves in the direction Jack came from, but 
           suddenly:

           Jack HAMMERS the back of George’s head with his pistol butt.

           George YELLS in pain, stumbles, falling to a knee, he grabs 
           at the back of his head.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        What the bloody hell?!

           He spins-- about to teach this kid a lesson-- but Jack is 
           already up the opposite side of the bank, running again-- 
           he’s a deserter and he’s going to get as far from the battle 
           as he can... even if George did just save his life.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE (O.S.)
                        You alright, Captain?

           George staggers up the small bank to find:

           SERGEANT GAGE (45, scars and scarred, cockney accent) jogs 
           up. He’s the calm veteran... solid, in contrast to our brash, 
           young Captain. George rubs his sore head.

                                 GEORGE
                        Feckless coward.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Scared kid.

                                 GEORGE
                            (ignoring Gage)
                        We’ve wasted enough time. I’ll catch up 
                        to him later. Report.
           Sergeant Gage gestures around and, as he does, our 
           claustrophobic woods open a little and we see a few MILITIA 
           MEN moving in from various directions. A couple of other 
           DESERTERS being shoved by their collars.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Found three more deserters-- picked off 
                        six French and Ottawan skirmishers.

           George nods, leads the way back to battle, all business.

                                 GEORGE
                        Good. Let’s get back to work.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        War isn’t work.

                                 GEORGE
                        You’re right, Sergeant. It’s opportunity.

           Sergeant Gage looks after him, the cavalier arrogance of the 
           young captain, then motions to the other men: let’s move.

           EXT. SMALL CLEARING IN THE FOREST - DAY

           George and his small group of MILITIA come to the edge of a 
           clearing and bear witness to:

           A SMALL MAKESHIFT FORT sitting on a low rise of mud in the 
           center of the clearing. Around it: a low fence of TIMBER cut 
           and sharpened. 

           A couple of pockmarked TENTS and a FLAG are all that suggest 
           that this is an outpost at the edge of the British Empire.

           British REGULARS (REDCOATS) man the fence, trying to make 
           themselves flat against the posts and firing at FRENCH AND 
           INDIAN FORCES hiding behind the trees on the opposite side of 
           the clearing.

           Farther from the center-- out in the clearing-- are two sets 
           of TRENCHES-- manned by Virginia MILITIA. The trenches are 
           filled chest-high with water from the rain, the men can 
           barely reload to keep firing.

           TITLE CARD: FORT NECESSITY, VIRGINIA TERRITORIES, six years 
           into the war with the French and Indians.

           Sergeant Gage and his men survey the fighting. George doesn’t 
           wait, he strides across the short open space towards the 
           fort. 
           As he enters, he reaches down amongst some BAGS and BARRELS 
           and retrieves his SWORD and RED SASH.

           George draws the sword and swings the sash onto his body and 
           moves quickly to the British commander: 

           LIEUTENANT DWYER (35, angular).

           Lieutenant Dwyer is kneeling in the mud in front of his tent, 
           examining a MAP. His CORPORAL is highlighting French 
           positions that they know about. SHOTS whistle around them.

           George kneels and interrupts:

                                 GEORGE
                        There are skirmishers in the woods-- 
                        flanking us-- we’ll be surrounded within 
                        an hour, Lieutenant. 

                                 DWYER
                        As I feared.
                            (to Corporal)
                        Strike the white.

                                 GEORGE
                        Hold a minute.
                            (to Dwyer)
                        Surrender? We must advance... Lieutenant.

           Dwyer’s face goes red.

                                 DWYER
                        You forget your place, Captain. This is 
                        His Majesty’s Army. Your militia rank 
                        means nothing here. I am the 
                        representative of the Crown. I decide 
                        when and how to defend the Empire.

           George takes a breathe-- barely containing his simmering 
           temper. He points to the map.

                                 GEORGE
                        I surveyed this land; I wrote this map.
                            (beat)
                        We hold a sliver of high ground. We can 
                        march out in formation and fire down on 
                        them. 

                                 DWYER
                        Do you know how many French cowards are 
                        hiding behind those trees? 
                                 GEORGE
                        Then give me the men to go into the 
                        forest and flank them before they do us.
                            (beat)
                        My militia are drowning and dying in 
                        those trenches... 

                                 DWYER
                            (snide)
                        The ones that haven’t already deserted. 

           George’s temper boils over. He SLUGS Dwyer. The redcoat 
           topples over.

           Sergeant Gage and a couple other MILITIA MEN grab George, 
           pulling him back-- it takes all their strength.

                                 GEORGE
                        You useless, feeble idiot!

           Dwyer gets to his feet, spitting a TOOTH from his mouth and 
           some hateful words:

                                 DWYER
                        And you are an impudent, ignorant 
                        colonial brat! Do you know the size of 
                        the force that opposes us? The strength 
                        of their arms? No? Neither do I.
                            (to his Corporal)
                        Fort Necessity is surrendered.

           He walks away. George looks up to see a white FLAG rising 
           over the camp. 

           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION ON THE POTOMAC - EVENING

           A PARTY-- a fundraiser-- is in full swing on the banks of the 
           Potomac. The MANSION at the top of the hill, overlooking the 
           river, is home to the most powerful family in Virginia. It is 
           an opulent colonial masterpiece.

           George makes his way up the long lawn from the Potomac dock.

           This is a world of manners and money... one George 
           desperately wants to join.

           Around him various GUESTS whisper as he passes. He ignores 
           them, but his face flushes. At the top he’s greeted by:

           GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE (55, honest and earnest) and his wife, 
           LADY DINWIDDIE (30, beautiful, savvy). Governor Dinwiddie 
           greets George with a kind but pained expression.
                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        Captain Washington. I’m always glad to 
                        see you, though I had hoped you would 
                        return under better circumstance.

                                 GEORGE
                        You have been incredibly gracious in your 
                        patronage, Governor. I came here tonight-

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                            (interrupting)
                        -You came here to argue your defense, but 
                        there is a time and place for official 
                        matters. Yes, Captain?

                                 GEORGE
                            (chastened)
                        Yes, ma’am. Thank you.

           He bows and goes in.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        You didn’t need to smack him quite so 
                        hard...

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        You have a soft spot for him, dear, but 
                        it doesn’t always do you good... or him.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        You probably right, but harden not your 
                        heart, my love. We’re trying to build 
                        something here... you have no favorites?

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                            (softens)
                        Only you.

           INT. MANSION, GREAT HALL - LATER

           George is looking at a GIANT MAP (enormous, the size of a 
           wall) of the Virginia Colony. The territory extends from the 
           Atlantic to the Ohio River.

           He is alone. Behind him, arrayed around the large room, are 
           GUESTS, including many attractive young LADIES. None of them 
           engage in conversation with George. 

           CHARLES CARTER (30, haughty) ambles up to George. Carter is a 
           colonial, but he also holds the aristocratic title of 
           baronet. He’s rich, smart and lazy-- except in his pursuit of 
           women and his derision of lower classes.
                                 CARTER
                        Georgie... you are the talk of the town 
                        and yet no one is talking to you.

           George turns, taking in the room, all the women glancing at 
           him-- before they duck into hushed conversation. Carter puts 
           a patronizing arm around George.

                                 CARTER (CONT’D)
                        Well, it can’t be helped, a man who 
                        surrendered His Royal Highness’ fort... 
                        with no money, no title, no prospects... 
                        whose men deserted him, you’re lucky the 
                        Governor has looked after you this 
                        long....
                            (beat)
                        You’re here trying to save your job?

           George clocks by the door: Governor and Lady Dinwiddie are 
           talking to a WOMAN in a bright BLUE DRESS who has her back to 
           us. Lady Dinwiddie glances at George and then back to BLUE 
           DRESS.

                                 GEORGE
                        And why are you here, Charles-

                                 CARTER
                        It’s Sir Charles now, Georgie, didn’t you 
                        hear? Dear old Daddy died. Overexertion-- 
                        on his accounting desk-- not a euphemism. 
                        I’m a peer-- a titled man-- now.
                            (beat)
                        As for tonight-- I’ve got the money-- 
                        I’ll chip in a few pounds-

                                 GEORGE
                        -and thereby impress the Governor... and 
                        some of the wealthier widows-

                                 MARTHA (O.S.)
                        Sir Charles Carter, you are trying to run 
                        me off my land.

           The alluring, petite firecracker in the BLUE DRESS: 

           MARTHA DANDRIDGE CUSTIS (20s), interrupts.

                                 CARTER
                        Speak of the devil, George.
                            (beat)
                        Have you met the Widow Custis?
           Martha may seem young to be widowed, but remember life starts 
           early in the 1700s, most girls married by mid-teens. George 
           bows to kiss Martha’s proffered hand.

                                 GEORGE
                        Captain--

                                 MARTHA
                        Washington. Yes, I’ve heard of you. 
                            (beat)
                        Shame about Fort Necessity.

           He winces-- shakes it off. She barely notices.

                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        Charles...

                                 CARTER
                        I don’t know what you’re talking about, 
                        Missus Custis. Perhaps you ought to check 
                        your late husband’s deed again. The 
                        tributary rights are quite clearly--

                                 MARTHA
                        -mine.
                            (beat)
                        You’re stealing my water.

                                 CARTER
                            (fake chuckle)
                        Oh, Martha.

           He laughs so everyone can hear, then leans in, ruthless:

                                 CARTER (CONT’D)
                        Trying to embarrass me within earshot of 
                        the Governor, Martha? You should consider 
                        your future... and my offer.

           He stalks away.

                                 MARTHA
                        He proposed to me.

                                 GEORGE
                        Congratulations.

                                 MARTHA
                        Did it while he had his hand in Anne 
                        Fairfax’s skirts at my husband’s wake. 
                        I’m not particularly sentimental, but...
                                 GEORGE
                        ‘Sir’ Charles... title puts you in a 
                        class, it can’t give you class.

                                 MARTHA
                        I swear these men want to tame me, not 
                        marry me. They just like the hunt.

           He looks to the map, traces the Rappahannock River.

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, I feel terrible for you, Ms. 
                        Custis... five thousand acres of good 
                        soil along the Rappahannock River...

           She looks to the map.

                                 MARTHA
                        Now, who’s feeling sorry for themselves? 
                            (beat)
                        How do you know about my land?

                                 GEORGE
                            (inspired)
                        I was the colonial surveyor before I 
                        joined the militia. We’re defined by our 
                        boundaries, they tell us who we are... 
                        where our weaknesses are...

                                 MARTHA
                        Where our advantages are...

                                 GEORGE
                        Most surveyors measure hills, valleys-- 
                        like a census taker recording children or 
                        a tax collector the cattle-- they don’t 
                        see what the map means.

           She’s impressed, but still not sentimental.

                                 MARTHA
                        Sounds like a good, honest job.

                                 GEORGE
                        If you like that kind of thing.

                                 MARTHA
                        Most folks do.
                            (beat)
                        Especially eligible ladies.

           He casts a glance around at those eligible ladies.
                                 GEORGE
                        Your father died leaving you a farm. Your 
                        husband another. My father died without 
                        leaving me land or education necessary to 
                        ascend to their class-- your class... 
                        they want landed gentry-- a thousand 
                        acres and a man who went to Cambridge-- 
                        like our Sir Charles. I’m neither.

                                 MARTHA
                        So you joined the militia to have a 
                        chance at what? A commission in the 
                        British Army-- become a man of the Crown? 

                                 GEORGE
                        Glory for the Empire brings with it... 
                        opportunity.

                                 MARTHA
                        Find another. You’re an orphan not a 
                        cripple-- you have no restraints.

                                 GEORGE
                            (stung)
                        And what would you know about it?

                                 MARTHA
                        About loss?
                            (gentle)
                        I’m a widow.

           That lands.

                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        This is the New World, Captain... forged 
                        from oaken wood and Man’s will. 
                            (beat)
                        Prove yourself and you can have 
                        anything... everything.

                                 GEORGE
                        A rigged game, Ms. Custis... with Sir 
                        Charles... With all of them-- lords and 
                        ladies-- proving yourself is useless 
                        unless it garners title, education or 
                        land. 

           Before she can respond, a BELL is rung and:

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                            (to the room)
                        My friends, I love this colony-- I love 
                        Virginia. But we have a deficiency. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE (CONT'D)
                        This new world represents an opportunity 
                        for us to create new foundations of 
                        civilization. But how are we to decide 
                        our future if we do not know our past?
                            (beat)
                        Cicero tells us that ‘if you have a 
                        garden and a library, then you have all 
                        you need.’
                            (beat)
                        This colony may be a bountiful garden... 
                        but we lack the great library.
                            (beat)
                        Tonight, I shall donate five hundred 
                        pounds and with your help we shall fund 
                        the rest.

           There is polite clapping.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE (CONT’D)
                        But first... dinner is served.

           George moves away from Martha, leaving her intrigued.

           INT. MANSION, DINING ROOM - NIGHT

           A spectacular and sumptuous dinner. Butlers and silver 
           platters.

           George sits at the far end of a very LONG TABLE. He looks 
           down it’s length to Governor Dinwiddie and Lady Dinwiddie. 

           Everyone laughs and toasts-- enjoying.

           George looks around to his dinner companions: he’s surrounded 
           by gorgeous young LADIES, pointedly ignoring him. LADY 1 (18) 
           directly beside him is studiously interested in her carrots 
           and beets.

           George decides to study his own as Martha appears behind him.

                                 MARTHA
                        I wonder, Lilianna, if you wouldn’t mind 
                        trading places with me for a bit? I’m 
                        afraid there’s a bit of a draft near the 
                        front...

           Lady 1/Lilianna can’t get up fast enough, hustling away 
           towards the front of the table. Martha sits into her chair... 
           As George scrambles to stand in polite manner.

                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        Sit down, sir, they’ll think we mean to 
                        court.
           He glances around, observing the propriety.

                                 GEORGE
                        There’s little chance of that amongst 
                        this crowd.

           It’s her turn to smile, she does so gently and with a nod.

                                 MARTHA
                        You may have no status or family, but you 
                        are rarely bested. That’s what hurts, eh?
                            (smiles)
                        Well, don’t let the French get the better 
                        of you for too long. 
                            (in French)
                        They are French after all.

                                 GEORGE
                            (smiles)
                        What can I do for you, ma’am?

                                 MARTHA
                        Charles Carter is stealing my water.

                                 GEORGE
                        So I’ve heard.

                                 MARTHA
                        And I’ve heard you’re the best surveyor 
                        in the colonies.
                            (beat)
                        Without access to the particular 
                        tributary that is up for debate, I cannot 
                        irrigate half the acreage.

           George understands immediately.

                                 GEORGE
                        And you’ll go broke trying to save the 
                        rest. He’s got you.

                                 MARTHA
                        Survey the deeded property. I’ll figure 
                        out a way to pay you. I’m land rich and 
                        cash poor, sir. But I’ll find a way.

           She holds out her hand, forthright and bold. 

           He almost laughs. Instead he shakes. Deal.

                                 GEORGE
                        I can’t promise when I’ll be by, Missus 
                        Custis; I’ve got quite a busy schedule...
           INT. BARN - NIGHT

           HAY in the loft and COWS in the stalls, CANDLES burn:

           Three MEN play CARDS in the middle of the barn.

           Jack (the deserter from our opening) is one of them. The SCAR 
           at his scalp is still fresh-- nasty and RED.

           Suddenly, the barn DOOR SMASHES open and four British 
           REDCOATS storm in, RIFLES and BAYONETS pointed at our MEN.

           Jack bolts, cards flying, scrambling for a high window.

           He’s through it and gone as a bullet THWACKS into the wall.

           EXT. BARN - CONTINUOUS

           Jack lands lightly on the ground, pops up and is about to 
           take off running when he slams headlong into the FIST of:

           George... hulking above him. 

           George reaches down and grabs Jack by the lapels and hoists 
           him to his feet.

           Jack’s NOSE pours blood. George pulls him in close, eyeball-
           to-eyeball.

                                 GEORGE
                        I promised Sergeant Gage I’d catch up to 
                        you later.
                            (beat)
                        You’re an embarrassment.

                                 JACK
                            (sputters)
                        The French never did nothin’ to me or my 
                        kin, Captain. Why should I-

                                 GEORGE
                        -because your King commands and you obey-- 
                        and because they’ve raided twenty 
                        settlements along the frontier since.
                            (beat)
                        We’re a laughing stock, you and me, 
                        soldier.
                            (beat)
                        If it wasn’t beneath my rank... I’d lash 
                        you myself.
           EXT. BRITISH CAMP - DAY

           Jack’s hands are tied to tall POST. 

           He is just one of a dozen MEN tied and about to be flogged.

           A couple of British REGULARS are beside Jack. One tying his 
           hands, the other rips his SHIRT from his back.

           Satisfied, the Regulars back away. George, Sergeant Gage and 
           a LIEUTENANT ELLSWORTH (20s, confident redcoat) stand nearby. 

           Ellsworth is calmly cleaning his TINTED SPECTACLES. They give 
           him the air of sunglasses cool in an age when perfect vision 
           is critical-- they are a mask.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Don’t feel right, Captain-- lashing 
                        scared boys-- not much younger than you-

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        You colonials are soft, Sergeant. I 
                        joined the regiment at fifteen. If these 
                        men were under regular command, they’d be 
                        strung up. This is merciful.

           George steps forward to announce: 

                                 GEORGE
                        You, the accused, having been found 
                        derelict in your duty and guilty of 
                        desertion, are hereby sentenced to twenty 
                        lashes.

           He nods to the REGULARS along the line, each holding a WHIP.

           They begin to LASH the men. It’s as awful as you think it is.

           Jack SCREAMS in pain as the whip finds his back, tearing his 
           FLESH and ripping blood from his body. 

           As the screams continue, Sergeant Gage walks away in disgust 
           as Ellsworth leans into George.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Trust you’re doing the right thing. 
                        You’ll see: these men won’t run on you 
                        again.
                            (beat)
                        Discipline is the soul of an army.
           INT. HOUSE OF BURGESS, WILLIAMSBURG - DAY

           George stands next to the swollen jawed Dwyer. They’re both 
           in dress UNIFORMS. And they’re both being raked over the 
           coals by a tribunal of:

           GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE, wearing the traditional wig and an 
           elegant waistcoat, but his shirtsleeves are rolled up. He 
           doesn’t stand on ceremony, but he respects custom.

           COLONEL FRY (45, head of the Virginia Militia), a portly man, 
           sunburned, squeezed into his uniform, more comfortable 
           farming on his plantation than in a saddle at command.

           COLONEL MONTGOMERY (45, British officer in charge of Virginia 
           detachments), austere, immaculately dressed, professional and 
           uncompromising.

                                 MONTGOMERY
                        You struck a British officer, Captain...

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, sir.

                                 FRY
                        Half your militia deserted...

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, sir.

           Dwyer gives a smug grin, which Montgomery catches.

                                 MONTGOMERY
                        And you surrendered the King’s territory 
                        without hesitation, Dwyer...

                                 DWYER
                            (eats it)
                        Yes, sir.

                                 MONTGOMERY
                            (disgusted)
                        You’re dismissed, Lieutenant.

           Dwyer goes... leaving George alone in front of these stern 
           men. Montgomery turns to the others.

                                 MONTGOMERY (CONT’D)
                            (re: Dwyer)
                        I’ll pack him off to England on the next 
                        ship, but don’t expect many consequences, 
                        his father is a peer of the realm.
           George barely stifles a snort under his breath. But 
           Montgomery catches it-- his temper rising in that English way 
           that only makes him quieter and more vicious:

                                 MONTGOMERY (CONT’D)
                        As for you, Captain Washington, I was 
                        told you were a rising star, a young man 
                        who had surveyed the western borders at 
                        eighteen, a man who-- without land or 
                        title-- had risen to serve your colonial 
                        governor.
                            (beat)
                        I was told that you desired and were 
                        worthy of a commission in His Majesty’s 
                        Army. I was told that you could be 
                        counted on. 
                            (beat)
                        I was told lies.

           George burns-- swallows his pride-- almost choking on it.

                                 GEORGE
                        With respect, Colonel, the deserters were 
                        caught-- punished-- and I know-

                                 MONTGOMERY
                            (wave of his hand)
                        Enough excuses.
                            (to the others)
                        I want this man out. He’s rash-- ill 
                        tempered-- assaulted a regular officer of 
                        superior rank-

                                 GEORGE
                        Sir! I am a Captain, he is a-

           Fry raises a hand, George shuts up.

                                 FRY
                        The regulars have tactical control in all 
                        fights. Don’t plead ignorance, Captain.
                            (to Dinwiddie)
                        Governor?

           Dinwiddie studies George for a minute. It’s a long beat-- a 
           lifetime for George. Finally, Dinwiddie decides.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        Captain, you still haven’t learned the 
                        difference between ordering men and 
                        leading them. And I’m afraid we cannot 
                        waste more time hoping that you will. 

           He nods to Fry, who relishes:
                                 FRY
                        Captain Washington, you will consider 
                        yourself stripped of your rank and 
                        dismissed from the Virginia militia.
                            (disdain)
                        You’re finished.

           INT. HOUSE OF BURGESS - MOMENTS LATER

           George storms through the lobby-- ignoring the gaping looks. 

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE (O.S.)
                        Mister Washington.

           George flinches at the “mister”.

           He turns to face the governor. Every eye, British and 
           Colonial, is on him.

           Governor Dinwiddie hands him a leather bound BOOK. George 
           takes it, looks at the title: THUCYDIDES.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE (CONT’D)
                            (re: book)
                        It’s a history of the Peloponnesian War. 
                        Sparta and Athens. A parting gift for 
                        your service. 
                            (beat)
                        I require your sash and sword.

           George can’t believe this is happening here, in front of 
           everyone. 

           He summons a stiff upper lip, removes sash and sword and 
           hands them over. He’s genuinely pained.

                                 GEORGE
                        I let you down, sir.
                            (re: book)
                        Give it to the new library. I don’t 
                        deserve it.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        No, I dare say you don’t.
                            (beat)
                        But read it-- maybe you will.

           He walks away.
           INT. THE DRUNKEN DUCK PUB - EVENING

           George enters the pub, a chaotic mess of DRINKERS and 
           BRAWLERS. Along the second story catwalk are a few WHORES. 
           What future George had, died, and this is his hell.

           He moves toward the bar and finds: HAROLD (45, wizened Irish 
           innkeeper).

                                 HAROLD
                        The world turns in the most mysterious 
                        ways, eh, boyo? You ever think you’d find 
                        yourself back here?

                                 GEORGE
                            (admits)
                        No, Harold.

                                 HAROLD
                        You’re a little old now to be my washing 
                        boy again, what’d you have in mind? 

                                 GEORGE
                        You still have my gear?

           Harold nods.

                                 HAROLD
                        Sure. Pint?

                                 GEORGE
                        Can’t afford it, thanks.

           George plops the BOOK on the bar and cracks it open, as 
           Harold moves to the back:

                                 HAROLD
                            (teasing)
                        Books don’t belong in bars, boyo.

           After a beat: Harold returns and heaves a large KNAPSACK on 
           the bar.

                                 HAROLD (CONT’D)
                        Half a schilling.
                            (off George’s look)
                        Rent ain’t free-- even for luggage.

           George fishes some CHANGE from his pocket and hands over the 
           COIN.

                                 HAROLD (CONT’D)
                        Anything else?
           INT. STABLES - MOMENTS LATER

           George and Harold stand staring at a weary old NAG. This poor 
           horse is nearly blind and deserves to be pastured-- but this 
           is a working world... And he and George need to work.

                                 GEORGE
                        Exactly how old is he?

                                 HAROLD
                        Old is your price range.

           George checks the COINS in his hand, then reluctantly hands 
           over all of them.

                                 HAROLD (CONT’D)
                        Good luck with the survey. Hope it pays 
                        cash.

           He goes, leaving George to stare at the NAG.

           EXT. VIRGINIA COUNTRYSIDE - AFTERNOON

           George rides along a muddy road-- gazing absently over the 
           spectacular Virginia countryside... in the distance, BLUE 
           RIDGES-- mountains on the horizon. Nearer, verdant, 
           undulating gentle fields of golden hay and ordered rows of 
           maize.

           He looks to a nearby field to see:

           A CALF suckling at his MOTHER in a large expanse of green 
           grass. A gentle breeze moves clouds above them. Serene. 

           His expression refines from frustration to resignation.

           He gazes ahead to see a MANOR house and well kept farm 
           buildings.

                                 GEORGE
                            (to horse)
                        I can walk faster.

           The nag just snorts and moseys on.

           EXT. CUSTIS MANOR - LATER

           Martha emerges from the manor, talking with her FOREMAN as 
           she goes. 
           In the small yard is a spirited white COLT, a small bridle 
           and rope tied to a sapling-- holding the colt in place as it 
           tries to gallop around.

           George approaches on his nag, admiring the house and 
           grounds... and Martha. A home and a beauty. 

           He slips from his saddle and lands lightly. It may not seem 
           like it yet, but George is a man born to ride... he’s a 
           master horseman... he just needs the right horse.

           Martha approaches.

                                 GEORGE
                            (re: colt)
                        He wants so desperately to be free and 
                        wild. A shame we must break them.

                                 MARTHA
                        I’ve never thought it was breaking them. 
                        It’s forging them... for what are we 
                        without true purpose?
                            (beat)
                        Looks like your schedule opened up.

                                 GEORGE
                        Luckily for you, ma’am, wouldn’t you say?

                                 MARTHA
                        Well, that depends on how your survey 
                        turns out doesn’t it?

           EXT. CUSTIS FARM - DAY

           Martha carries a short RIFLE under her arm. George walks 
           beside her-- his nag trails behind them. Martha points out 
           details on the horizon. 

                                 MARTHA
                        The tributary is on the far end. That 
                        wood ahead at the gully runs a half mile. 
                        Turkey. Pheasant. An abundance of 
                        hunting. Help yourself.

                                 GEORGE
                        I don’t have a rifle.

                                 MARTHA
                            (shrugs)
                        I also have a kitchen.
                                 GEORGE
                        And have you deduct the balance from my 
                        pay?
                            (off her smirk)
                        You’re shrewd.

                                 MARTHA
                        And you’re ambitious. Perhaps you should 
                        just borrow mine and some shot... feed 
                        yourself then...

           She hands him the rifle. He slings it across his back. She 
           turns to go as he calls after her.

                                 GEORGE
                        You figure out how to pay me yet?

                                 MARTHA
                        Stop flirting with me, Mister Washington, 
                        I’ve got a farm to run.

           He watches her go.

           EXT. RAPPAHANNOCK RIVER - DAY

           George emerges-- on horseback-- from the dark woods and 
           stares out at the wide river. He climbs down, sets his pack 
           on the ground and opens it.

           He pulls a few small SURVEY INSTRUMENTS from the bag and sets 
           them out carefully on the ground. Then he begins to work... 
           Scanning the horizon, measuring the riverbed.

           Then he pulls PAPER from his knapsack and begins sketching 
           with a small piece of CHARCOAL.

           As he does, we PUSH IN on the paper.

           He’s a gifted draftsman, natural and smooth... if he has 
           magic, this is it: we PUSH IN, the paper seems to change...

           What looks like a map, begins to grow, the riverbed drops and 
           gray, charcoal water flows, small hills rise... what was flat 
           paper becomes a topographical world.

           ON GEORGE: he peers at the paper.

           What he sees is a world in that paper. He has a preternatural 
           sense of direction, movement, space and time. He perceives a 
           great space within a small area. He continues on paper:

           Charcoal birds fly by treetops. Cows stop for a drink at one 
           of the tributaries to the Rappahannock.
           The map in his mind is becoming real on the paper. George is 
           a master.

           As he continues to sketch, we MOVE UP and AWAY, as the world 
           he’s been sketching becomes real:

           BIRDS fly by the treetops. COWS stop for a drink at one of 
           the tributaries. The natural world, in vibrant living color, 
           not charcoal, but spectacularly in all the right places that 
           he put them.

           EXT. FIELDS - DAY

           George walks over hills, past SHEEP and WILD TURKEYS, as his 
           horse munches on grass. 

           He stops to look through a FIELD GLASS and make some notes on 
           PAPER-- his hands now dark with charcoal. He keeps moving. 

           There is a BOOM of distant THUNDER. He looks to the horizon. 
           A STORM looming-- George clocks it: high dark CLOUDS linger 
           in sweltering air. A flash of LIGHT illuminates them from the 
           inside-- heat lightning.

           INT. TENT, WOODS - NIGHT

           George sleeps inside a small tent that can barely contain 
           him. Above him, the canvas pours little droplets onto his 
           body. He shifts uncomfortably-- soaked, miserable-- the tent 
           is poor protection from the storm outside.

           INT. CUSTIS MANOR, MARTHA’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS

           Martha sits at a small DESK by the window as RAIN POUNDS the 
           glass. She stares out at the stormy night-- wondering about 
           him.

           Then slowly she picks up the CANDLE and goes to her bed. She 
           places the candle on her night stand and crawls under the 
           covers.

           She takes one last look out the window, just as LIGHTNING 
           flashes. Then she blows out the candle.

           EXT. FIELDS - DAY

           George rides along a small stream, one of the Rappahannock’s 
           tributaries. The one advantage of an old horse is the 
           slothful speed-- slow enough that he can sketch in saddle.
           Suddenly, he notices something: reins in the nag, climbs down 
           from his stirrups. 

           Ahead is a LARGE ROCK TABLE. It juts out a foot or two over 
           the small river. George looks down at his side of the 
           tributary, it’s mostly dry, the bed has receded into the 
           field and the river has moved towards the other side.

           George climbs onto the Rock Table and sits, he pulls a small, 
           IRON WEIGHT-- size of a fist-- on a long piece of TWINE and 
           tosses it into the shallow river, he pulls it up and measures 
           where the wet meets the dry on the twine. 

           He makes a note of the depth of the tributary, then pulls up 
           his sketch parchment and continues drawing- feverishly-- with 
           charcoal. He looks up and across the river, along it are 
           small PILES and CLUMPS of MUD and GRASS.

           George sketches it all-- before our eyes and his-- it RISES 
           in dusty grey form on the yellow parchment paper-- even the 
           little clumps of MUD and GRASS.

                                 CARTER
                        Georgie!

           George SNAPS out of it.

           Lost in thought-- he didn’t see Carter and a small group of 
           MEN on HORSEBACK riding towards him-- on the other side of 
           the stream.

                                 CARTER (CONT’D)
                        Georgie! My God, look at you.

           George has been in the elements for a while. His clothes are 
           stained with mud, his face and hands dirty.

                                 GEORGE
                        Sir Charles.

           Carter turns to his companions.

                                 CARTER
                        George here you may know from the Fort 
                        Necessity scandal. We went to Sunday 
                        school together before Pastor Jennings 
                        decided I had too many sins to ever 
                        account for in this life.

           The men laugh.

                                 GEORGE
                        What are you doing out here?
           Carter looks up the tributary and back... We don’t know it 
           yet, but he’s covering:

                                 CARTER
                        We were just on our way to town. What are 
                        you doing out here, George?

                                 GEORGE
                        Surveying for Ms. Custis.

                                 CARTER
                            (sour)
                        I might’ve guessed-- she’s a resourceful 
                        little weevil-- that woman. Well, we 
                        can’t stay to converse. His Majesty’s 
                        Royal Navy has entered the Chesapeake. 

                                 GEORGE
                        Why?

           Carter laughs and spurs his horse. His companions all lurch 
           after him.

                                 CARTER
                        That’s what we’re going to town to find 
                        out, Georgie.

           EXT. WILLIAMSBURG PORT - DAY

           George gallops as fast as his weak nag will carry him along 
           the road to Williamsburg-- 

           As they crest a small hill, George bears witness to the sight 
           on the water: 

           SIX TALL MASTED SHIPS

           The pride of the Royal Navy at anchor. Teams of SAILORS row 
           LONG BOATS to the docks and disgorge men and material... 
           Instruments of war. 

           George spurs his horse on, they gallop down the hill.

           EXT. DRUNKEN DUCK PUB - DAY

           George rides up and leaps from his horse. The pub is filled 
           to bursting with BRITISH REGULARS. Several of the local 
           LADIES have turned out to giggle and carouse with them.

           George approaches one small group.
                                 GEORGE
                        Where is your commander?

           They look at him with disdain-- covered in mud, stinking of 
           horse and woods. CORPORAL BURNS (18, Scottish, adolescent).

                                 BURNS
                        Who are you? His mate from Oxford?

           The redcoats all LAUGH.

                                 GEORGE
                        I’m a former militia officer, Corporal. 
                        Why are you here?

                                 BURNS
                        Not that I commonly explain the King’s 
                        command, but I suppose because you 
                        militia men keep cocking up the war.
                            (gestures around)
                        You see, whilst our luckier comrades ply 
                        the Continent for valor and citations, we 
                        endure seasickness and disease to mop up 
                        natives and Frenchmen circling the 
                        Empire’s arsehole.
                            (raises his glass)
                        Now, bugger off.

           George--furious-- LEANS in and PUNCHES Burns right across the 
           JAW.

           Burns barely misses a beat, he simply stands and we get a 
           picture of his true size: he’s a LINEBACKER in red. George 
           doesn’t wait:

           He KICKS Burns right between his two big BALLS and then HEAD 
           butts him. Burns drops like a sack of potatoes. The other 
           REDCOATS spring up in an instant.

           George, spins, ONE, TWO-- every punch counts-- two more drop.

           A REDCOAT jumps on his back-- another punches his left side-- 
           another CLOCKS George across the face. George is about to go 
           down in a brutal rugby scrum, when there’s a loud WHISTLE.

           The men spin to see: HAROLD carrying FIVE PINTS in each HAND. 

                                 HAROLD
                        I’ll thank you to enjoy this round, 
                        gentlemen. George, why don’t you come 
                        inside and find a way to pay me for it?

           There’s a beat and then George, unclenches his fists and 
           heads inside. 
           INT. THE DRUNKEN DUCK PUB - NIGHT

           George sits at a small table alone. In front of him are 
           spread all the maps that he has made of Martha’s property. 

                                 HAROLD
                        I once woke up in a goat pen with no 
                        clothes on. I was drunk. You seem to get 
                        into trouble totally sober. 

                                 HOLLOWAY (O.S.)
                        George Washington?!

           The door to the pub BLASTS open and in strides:

           CAPTAIN HOLLOWAY SHERBORNE (30)-- rakish blonde chap from 
           sunny Dorset where everything is easy-- perfectly dressed in 
           British Army RED with a green SASH and polished, jeweled 
           scabbard for his SWORD. He radiates good breeding and good 
           fortune.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Where the bloody hell is George?!

           The whole pub turns to George, who doesn’t say a word-- he 
           just closes the distance-- and grips Holloway in a bear hug. 
           Captain Sherborne gasps and then laughs.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        You always were a bit emotional-- so 
                        colonial. I heard you ran into some of 
                        our enlisted men earlier.

                                 GEORGE
                            (examines his insignia)
                        Captain Holloway Sherborne?

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Promoted last year, George, sorry I 
                        didn’t write. Figured you were out on the 
                        frontier somewhere. 

           Holloway takes in George for the first time-- truly struck by 
           how disheveled his fallen friend is. He turns serious.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        What the hell is going on? When I left 
                        you were...

                                 GEORGE
                            (ashamed)
                        It didn’t work out, Holloway.

           Holloway takes this in. He claps his friend on the shoulder.
                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Well, we’ll fix that. 
                            (to Harold)
                        Harold, you crusty Irishman, good to see 
                        you. My usual please.

           Harold grabs a BOTTLE of WHISKEY and a SHOT GLASS. He pours a 
           double and picks it up. Holloway takes the BOTTLE, they 
           cheers and then both take a drink. Holloway takes the bottle.

                                 GEORGE
                            (baffled)
                        Holloway? What are you all doing here?

           Holloway is already to the door, leaving George to scramble-- 
           getting his stuff together-- and hustle after him.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        The Army? The war I suppose. Me? I’m here 
                        to get back in the good graces of His 
                        Majesty’s service, sounds like you are 
                        too. C’mon, we’ll get you shaved and 
                        bathed and ready...

                                 GEORGE
                        For...

           But Holloway is already out.

           INT. COMMAND TENT - MID-MORNING

           George stands-- in the best clothes he can muster-- to face:

           GENERAL BRADDOCK (55, stocky, cold, Napoleon complex). Around 
           him are the officers we already know: Montgomery, Ellsworth, 
           and Holloway.

           Braddock stands, examining the GIANT MAP strung along an 
           entire back wall of the command tent-- it looks familiar.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (re: map)
                        I requisitioned this from the Governor’s 
                        own home. He didn’t seem thrilled, but 
                        allegedly it’s the best map in the 
                        colony.

           He turns, now examining George for a moment.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        It’s an outstanding bit of cartography, 
                        Mister Washington. 
                                 GEORGE
                        Thank you, General.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        I began my career as His Majesty’s map 
                        maker in the Bahamas.
                            (beat)
                        Boundaries and borders, sir, may be 
                        important to the organization and 
                        administration of the Empire. But they 
                        are critical in the tactical prosecution 
                        of war. You understand me?

                                 GEORGE
                        The difference between victory and defeat 
                        is the control of ground, General.

           Braddock nods-- this kid gets it-- then holds up a bit of 
           charcoal and points to a smaller MAP of the western 
           territories spread out on the table between them. 

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Would you update it please.

           George steps forward, takes the charcoal, and begins 
           sketching in new details.

                                 GEORGE
                            (guiding)
                        Two new forts, here and here, sir. Farms 
                        raided near these three villages.

           We PUSH IN and the charcoal details rise, as if from his 
           imagination: streams, new woods, recently discovered farms, a 
           few forts.

           Another moment passes, as lines of known mountains and hills 
           appear, rising from the paper like miniature models.

           SNAP BACK TO: George sets the charcoal down and steps back. 
           Braddock examines the map.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Captain Sherborne is not a modest man.

           Sherborne smirks. Ellsworth laughs. Montgomery scowls.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        But he has undersold you.

           Braddock picks up the charcoal and stands. He goes to the 
           closest tent wall and draws crudely. He outlines the CONTOURS 
           OF THE COLONIES.
                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        You asked why we are here.

           George glances at Holloway-- he shrugs.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        We’re here, Mister Washington, because 
                        after seven years, the kettle of war has 
                        finally reached full boil.  His Majesty’s 
                        Empire is under threat. The main theater 
                        of war is Europe-- at least the public 
                        believes it-- my officers believe it-- 
                        they think that’s where the medals and 
                        valor are won. 

           The others maintain composure at the dig.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        But I don’t give a fig about that... Nor 
                        does our wise king.

           He sketches the eastern seaboard.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Here in the Americas, lies the balance of 
                        power in the known world.
                            (beat)
                        The riches of these American colonies 
                        fuel the treasuries of two nations.
                            (beat)
                        Great Britain and France.
                            (beat)
                        The nation that controls this New 
                        World... controls the Old World.

           He finishes his drawing on the tent wall and then draws a big 
           circle at the top: QUEBEC; and bottom: NEW ORLEANS. Then he 
           draws a deep, dark LINE... a crescent... between the two.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        The French intend to carve a crescent 
                        across North America.
                            (beat)
                        Severing any further expansion-- starving 
                        Virginia and the rest of the colonies of 
                        growth.

           He turns to the tall, colonial youth in front of him.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Slowly but surely, the French will push 
                        eastward, toward the Atlantic and our 
                        ports and they will push Englishmen off 
                        this English soil.
                                 (MORE)
                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                            (points at Washington)
                        They will push everyone you know-- anyone 
                        you care about-- off this land and into 
                        the Atlantic Ocean.

           He turns back to the hand-scrawled map and draws a circle 
           right in the middle of the crescent.

                                 GEORGE
                        The Forks of the Ohio.

           Braddock nods-- impressed-- then sits and waves for George to 
           sit across from him. George-- surprised-- hastily sits.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Exactly right. Territorial lands which 
                        you surveyed at the ripe age of 17. 
                        Alone. Just you and a pack horse?
                            (off George’s nod)
                        And where would you put a fort that would 
                        link the crescent of French influence...

                                 GEORGE
                        The Forks of the Ohio.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Fort Duquesne. The linchpin.
                            (beat)
                        Mud and timber and mortars. But in one 
                        months time, a French army-- moving from 
                        Quebec will arrive and it will be stones-- 
                        given another month, it’ll be brick and 
                        heavy cannons. And then...

                                 GEORGE
                        They’ll push east... and us into the sea.

           Braddock gestures at Montgomery and Holloway.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Colonel Montgomery says you’re a hot-
                        tempered, untrustworthy and uneducated 
                        young man who struck an officer of the 
                        Crown-- and just last night brawled with 
                        some of my enlisted men.
                            (beat)
                        Captain Sherborne says you’re a gifted 
                        thinker, an unparalleled fighter-- quick, 
                        merciless-- and, as I agree, the most 
                        gifted surveyor in the colonies.
                            (beat)
                        So, I’ll make this exceedingly simple for 
                        you, sir:
                            (beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 BRADDOCK (CONT'D)
                        You will join my staff as an advisor. If 
                        your temper is not held in check or you 
                        flaunt my command, I will salt the soil 
                        of your life and you will not harvest 
                        coin nor companion on sovereign British 
                        ground ever again.

           George waits-- poker faced.

                                 BRADDOCK(CONT'D)
                        Or... you will get me to Fort Duquesne-- 
                        you will help me conquer it-- before the 
                        French reinforcements arrive... and upon 
                        our victory, I will commission you an 
                        officer-- a captain-- in His Majesty’s 
                        Army. You will be a man of the Crown.

           George can scarcely believe it. He looks to Holloway-- who 
           smiles broadly.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Do we have a agreement, sir?

           Braddock stands and offers his hand. George stands quickly 
           and shakes it.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Carve us a road-- I want our Indian 
                        scouts and sharpshooters in the 
                        Shenandoah by week’s end and the regiment 
                        to be moving the day after.

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, sir.

           INT. LARGE TENT - DAY

           George is working at a TABLE, several MAPS spread out before 
           him. Holloway enters and he’s followed by a bruised Corporal 
           Burns.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        George, this is Corporal Burns, I think 
                        you’ve met.
                            (to Burns)
                        George is an advisor-- doesn’t fight, 
                        doesn’t lead-- lucky bastard.
                            (to George)
                        Burns here has been assigned to help you 
                        with whatever you need.
                            (to Burns)
                        You think you’ve got it bad? Wait til you 
                        see his horse...
           Holloway exits. George stands-- grabbing his KNAPSACK.

                                 GEORGE
                        Let’s start anew, Corporal.

                                 BURNS
                            (yeah sure)
                        At your service, sir.

                                 GEORGE
                            (okay for now)
                        I’m going to need a uniform. Find the 
                        company tailor and some cloth.
                            (beat)
                        I have an errand, I’ll be back by dark.

           He exits-- as Burns calls after him.

                                 BURNS
                        What errand?!
                            (disgust)
                        Bloody colonials.

           EXT. CUSTIS MANOR - DAY

           Martha is sitting under one of the TREES-- reading a PAMPHLET 
           and eating an APPLE-- just as George approaches on his Nag.

           George holds up several LETTERS.

                                 GEORGE
                        Met your postman on the road.

           He hops down-- lifting his knapsack-- hands her the letters.

                                 MARTHA
                        ‘On the road’ not ‘on my land’? I thought 
                        you were my surveyor, sir?

                                 GEORGE
                        It seems you’re not the only one who has 
                        use for me, Ms. Custis. The British Army 
                        has made me an offer.

                                 MARTHA
                        Congratulations. I’m sure you’ll be very 
                        happy together.

           She stands and walks. He joins her. 
                                 GEORGE
                        I apologize I didn’t tell you before I 
                        left. I’m joining General Braddock’s 
                        staff and marching to the frontier. 

                                 MARTHA
                        So you will be a man of the Crown?

                                 GEORGE
                        You’d rather I be...

                                 MARTHA
                        Of Virginia.

           She opens one of the letters.

                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        Our Governor is hosting another party. 

                                 GEORGE
                        He is determined.

                                 MARTHA
                        You don’t think we need a library? You of 
                        all people-- no Cambridge education-- 
                        could make use of one.

                                 GEORGE
                        Always flattering me, Missus Custis.
                            (beat)
                        I meant simply that before you so kindly 
                        sat down next to me at the last party, it 
                        seemed the only conversation was about 
                        how we should create things-- libraries, 
                        buildings, institutions-- to rival those 
                        of London.
                            (beat)
                        Would we not be better serving our King 
                        than competing with him?

                                 MARTHA
                        Is that what you think you’re doing?

           They crest a small rise and he points at the Blue Ridge 
           Mountains in the distance.

                                 GEORGE
                        The first time I rode out with the 
                        militia to the territories, we ran into 
                        French skirmishers and chased them into a 
                        cave-- their backs against a wall, they 
                        surrendered, we took their arms and let 
                        them go. Gentlemanly behavior wouldn’t 
                        you say? 
                                 (MORE)
                                 GEORGE (CONT'D)
                            (beat)
                        When we traced their route back, checking 
                        for stragglers, we discovered they had 
                        sacked a cabin in our territory. The 
                        French burned the cabin-- hacked the 
                        husband to death-- in front of his wife 
                        and young son. Then forced the ten year 
                        old boy to dig a shallow grave for his 
                        own father as they laughed and raped his 
                        mother. 

                                 MARTHA
                        I assume you didn’t let it lie-- what did 
                        you do when you caught up to them?

                                 GEORGE
                        We shot them in the back and left them to 
                        rot where they fell.

                                 MARTHA
                        Glory for the Empire.

                                 GEORGE
                        Do those mountains look imposing?
                            (beat)
                        I assure you, they are not. They are 
                        passable in winter snows. Their forests 
                        are traversed with effort, but not 
                        uneconomical effort.
                            (beat)
                        The French commander-- of the skirmishers 
                        I told you about... an unsavory fellow 
                        named Colonel Ligerny, right now he sits 
                        in a fort at the Forks of the Ohio. 
                            (beat)
                        The French are massing against us. And 
                        when they’re ready, they’ll come over 
                        those mountains... and their King... and 
                        his Colonel Ligerny-- doesn’t care that 
                        you have this land... that you’re trying 
                        to keep it... He’ll take it-- and you.

                                 MARTHA
                        Sounds like he and Sir Charles Carter 
                        would get along very well.

           EXT. CUSTIS STABLES - DAY

           Martha approaches the stables. Her foreman is nearby talking 
           to some LABORERS. She WHISTLES to him, throwing a thumb back 
           at George. The foreman nods and enters the stables.
                                 GEORGE
                        I’ve been offered a chance to advance-- 
                        to become an officer, Missus Custis. But 
                        I will finish the work I owe you.

           She waves him off, nods towards the stables.

                                 MARTHA
                        I don’t doubt you.
                            (beat)
                        And I told you I’d find a way to pay you.
                            (beat)
                        You can ride something more than an old 
                        nag I assume?

           George stares agape as Martha’s FOREMAN leads:

           A WHITE THOROUGHBRED-- stunning-- out of the stables. This 
           horse is the living, breathing form of the Elgin Marbles-- 
           cut from stone by ancient Greek craftsman to be the horse of  
           gods and generals.

                                 GEORGE
                        He is astonishing.

           The HORSE’s coat SHIMMERS-- shiny in the sun.

                                 MARTHA
                        Third generation Virginian. He sired the 
                        colt you so admired on your first visit. 
                            (beat)
                        He’s a stubborn, proud fellow, always 
                        getting into trouble.
                            (beat)
                        His name is George.

           He looks at her-- really? She shrugs-- yes, really.

           The FOREMAN hands George the reins to his new horse and walks 
           away.

           George slides his KNAPSACK on his shoulder-- takes a fistful 
           of his mane- and swings effortlessly onto his new mount.

           He may not be a born planter or innkeeper-- but George 
           Washington is a born horseman-- even bareback.

           He nudges the stallion with a gentle kick to the sides. The 
           horse responds with strength and grace-- cornering, slowing, 
           speeding. 

           These two are meant for each other. The two Georges. Martha 
           stands back and admires them.
                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        Let’s consider this payment complete and 
                        you’ll finish the work and post it to me?

           He looks at her-- abashed-- reaches into his KNAPSACK, pulls 
           out a leather binder and from it some of his sketches. 

                                 GEORGE
                        It’ll take me some time to compare to the 
                        deed and the survey. But...

           She can tell.

                                 MARTHA
                            (crestfallen)
                        But it doesn’t look good and I don’t have 
                        time to waste... planting crops I can’t 
                        water.

                                 GEORGE
                        And you wonder why I am ambitious, 
                        ma’am... The only way to win in a rigged 
                        game is to have more than the other 
                        player-- more money-- more titles. I’ll 
                        finish your survey, but you can’t fight 
                        Carter with what you don’t have. You’re 
                        land rich; cash poor.

                                 MARTHA
                        Yes. I am.

           She walks away.

                                 GEORGE
                        Missus Custis.
                            (no answer)
                        Martha. 

           She turns-- defiant, beautiful-- but she seems so small in 
           the face of so much. 

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        You’re also a widow... You have land. 
                        Good land. There are other bachelors and-- 
                        you’re a very attractive... account.

           She blanches and walks away. 

           George watches her go-- looks away-- at the blue mountains in 
           the distance-- resolves himself.
                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                            (to horse)
                        Well... ‘George’... time we go pick 
                        another fight.

           He nudges the stallion again and they GALLOP from the farm.

           INT. LARGE TENT - NIGHT

           George sits at his table-- maps covering the area-- and a 
           couple of CANDLES nearby. 

           Burns is sitting on a TRUNK and hulking over some CLOTH. He’s 
           SEWING a large mess of RED, GREEN, and BLUE everywhere around 
           him.

                                 GEORGE
                            (re: cloth)
                        What happened to the tailor?

                                 BURNS
                        You’re a top priority-- he’ll be by any 
                        minute.

           Before George can retort, Holloway enters with a BOTTLE. 
           Burns snaps up and to attention-- eager to be dismissed.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Hullo, Gents.

                                 BURNS
                        Can I help, Captain?

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I’m sure you can, Corporal.
                            (re: mess)
                        But clearly not with the laundry and 
                        linens.

           Burns sinks in a huff. Holloway picks up some cloth, wipes 
           his mouth with it.

                                 GEORGE
                        Early to be drunk.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Not on this stuff. 
                            (nods to Burns)
                        The Scots aren’t great with sewing, but, 
                        my goodness, they can brew.

           He takes a long pull on the bottle, then daintily wipes his 
           mouth again.
                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Progress report?

           George pushes some of the maps away and holds up a sketch.

                                 GEORGE
                        You want the easy march or the hard?
                            (off Holloway’s smirk)
                        The easy one.
                            (beat)
                        Twelve days through the Shenandoah... 
                        Then slight north to Duquesne. Keep the 
                        supply trains and dispatch riders in 
                        working order. But it will cost us a day. 
                        I’d like to shorten it, push harder-

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        And risk the dispatches of our exploits 
                        not arriving in Williamsburg in a timely 
                        fashion-- perish the thought.

                                 GEORGE
                        Holloway, the frontier-- it’s not country 
                        estates and footmen and horse 
                        carriages... you decide you need to get 
                        dirty to kill a man-- don’t hesitate. 

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I’ll do the honorable thing that upholds 
                        the reverence of England... the General 
                        has very high expectations, George, don’t 
                        be a savage.
                            (re: Burns)
                        We have the Scots for that.

           He notes the THUCYDIDES book on the table and gets up to go.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        What is that-- French? Seems unpatriotic.

                                 GEORGE
                        It’s Greek and we’ll be leaving ahead of 
                        schedule, convey that to the General.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Knew you were the man for the job. I’ll 
                        go pack my whiskey. 

           He exits. George turns back to his maps.
           INT. LARGE TENT - DAY

           George stands in an ill fitting UNIFORM-- it’s half BRITISH 
           AND HALF COLONIAL, white colonial pants and green sash, but 
           with the trademark RED coat. George Washington is wearing a 
           redcoat-- even though it is too small. 

           Burns hovers with the TAILOR. They’re pushing and pulling at 
           George and the uniform.

           Sergeant Gage enters-- laughs out loud.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Could be worse, you could be headed back 
                        to the frontier to fight the French and 
                        Indians.

           Georges smiles and moves to shake his hand-- bringing the 
           Tailor and Burns trailing after-- pins and cloth falling 
           apart.

                                 BURNS
                        Sir?!

                                 GEORGE
                            (to Gage)
                        Clothes maketh the man, Sergeant, I’m 
                        sure I read that somewhere.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Yes, sir. Can I interest you in a walk?

           EXT. BRITISH CAMP - DAY

           George follows Sergeant Gage to the far end of the camp.

           Then he gestures ahead of them. Just beyond the orderly, neat 
           rows of the British tent encampment is a long WOODEN FENCE.

           On the other side is assembled a ragtag group of makeshift 
           TENTS and small FIRES in a hay field.

           A young militia man, WILLIAMS (25, freckles) wanders by and 
           hops the fence to join the others. He throws a flippant 
           salute at George.

                                 WILLIAMS
                        Good to see you, Mister Washington.

           As he walks away. George sees several militia men, including 
           the flogged Jack.
                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Don’t worry, sir, only half of them hate 
                        you for those lashings.
                            (beat)
                        General Braddock ordered and Colonel Fry 
                        responded-- mustering the whole of the 
                        militia. Half the men have holes in their 
                        boots and no powder in their horns.

                                 GEORGE
                        I’m an advisor not a quartermaster, 
                        Sergeant.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        You can’t talk nice to the General?

                                 GEORGE
                        Why not Fry? Follow your chain of 
                        command.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        You think he has the balls?
                            (beat)
                        We’re marching in support of the General-- 
                        he can’t spare some boots? We’ll be 
                        walking the same ground as the regulars.

                                 GEORGE
                        You don’t sound pleased. 

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Louis’ a tyrant-- I’ve seen their 
                        villainy, their brutality-- raping, 
                        scalping.

                                 GEORGE
                        So...

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        So, if I had to choose, sure I’d choose 
                        the King of England... but it’s not like 
                        anyone’s asking me... And certainly not 
                        them... most of ‘em farmers, it’s 
                        planting season.

           He hops the fence to join the militia.

                                 GEORGE
                        If we had been at full strength we 
                        could’ve taken the French at Necessity. 
                        We need every man.
                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        And what are you going to do if they 
                        disagree?

                                 GEORGE
                        The soul of an army is discipline.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        The soul of an army is the individual-- 
                        the man on the line who decides to 
                        charge.
                            (beat)
                        Have you ever been lashed?

           Of course he hasn’t.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE (CONT’D)
                        When I was sixteen I was press-ganged 
                        into His Majesty’s Navy.
                            (beat)
                        The lash can be a powerful motivator... 
                        sometimes... Until the lashed turn 
                        against the lasher.

           George turns to go.

                                 GEORGE
                        I’ll see what I can do about the boots.
                            (beat)
                        See you on the march.

           They part and George walks back through the British camp-- 
           catching glances at his makeshift uniform. He tries to not be 
           bothered.

           EXT./EST. SHENANDOAH VALLEY - AFTERNOON

           An enormous and tranquil valley-- HAWKS soar above and CATTLE 
           graze below. Dotted throughout are small villages and farms.

           Then: the JANGLE of men and weapons as a small ARMY of 1000 
           soldiers-- stiff and ordered clusters of men-at-arms-- march 
           up from the verdant valley and into the dark, forested 
           mountains beyond.

           They are a patchwork of color: bright UNIFORMS of red 
           (british) and assorted BROWNS (scouts and militia without 
           uniform)-- standing out as they enter the green woods.
           EXT. HILLSIDE - CONTINUOUS

           George sits looking out over the valley and the last of the 
           SOLDIERS moving up into the woods past him.

           His coat collar is opened and he’s sweating. In his hand is a 
           small MAP, he’s adding details in charcoal.

           Behind him is Burns, in stiff RED collar and coat. He looks 
           exhausted. He holds the reins to George (the stallion) and 
           his own CHESTNUT mount.

           General Braddock joins George at the lookout. He admires the 
           Valley-- a spectacular mix of trees and fields: bronze and 
           beryl stretch out before them.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        What’s your estimate, sir?

           George looks to his map.

                                 GEORGE
                        Four days at least, General, possibly 
                        more.

           Braddock clocks the few stragglers marching by-- MILITIA.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        And your militia?

           George looks to the last of the militia passing by-- shoving 
           small CANNON on wheels, pulled by horse. 

                                 GEORGE
                        Some are disgruntled at having to leave  
                        just as the time to plant approaches.

           Colonel Fry on horseback, casts a glance at George-- in 
           conversation with the General.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        And some are just disgruntled.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Yes. Well, there’s no time for petty 
                        annoyances in His Majesty’s service. The 
                        emotions of men under command are of 
                        little consequence. It is their obedience 
                        that is required.
                            (beat)
                        Your father whipped you when you lied?

                                 GEORGE
                        I rarely lied, sir.
                                 BRADDOCK
                        And yet you learned the power of strict 
                        discipline... the world is either order 
                        or chaos. We hold to a code to protect 
                        ourselves from calamity. 
                            (beat)
                        Carry on.

           Braddock spurs his horse and rejoins the end of the column.

           INT. COMMAND TENT - MORNING

           George sits at the end of the table-- always farthest from 
           power-- with a small group of officers (Braddock, Montgomery, 
           Sherborne, Ellsworth-- in clear spectacles) plus two colonial 
           OFFICERS: 

           CAPTAIN HALE (35, languid) and Colonel Fry.

           They’re arranged at a formal table enjoying breakfast. The 
           British valets stand behind them serving. Everything seems so 
           refined, it’s hard to remember we’re in the woods.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (to Fry)
                        Another day and you will lead the charge 
                        upon Fort Duquesne, Colonel. I want the 
                        militia in spit polish form. No waffling 
                        in the line.

                                 FRY
                        It will be our honor, General.

           Braddock raises a TOAST.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        We will not dishonor our colors. To King 
                        and Country.

                                 ALL
                        King and Country.

           CRACK! CRACK!

           Rifle fire and CONFUSED SHOUTS interrupt. Everyone man 
           tenses; George is the first out of the tent.

           EXT. COMMAND TENT, WOODS - CONTINUOUS

           A BRITISH REGULAR sprints by; Braddock stops him.
                                 BRADDOCK
                        From the west?

                                 REDCOAT
                        The east, General.

           He sprints away, as Burns arrives, leading a wounded DISPATCH 
           RIDER-- holds out a POUCH to Braddock-- who takes it, as the 
           Dispatch collapses.

                                 BURNS
                        Shot his horse out from under him on the 
                        approach. He crawled through the brush to 
                        avoid the raiders.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        See him to the surgeon. Move.
                            (to Ellsworth)
                        Move the secondary watch to the picket 
                        lines.
                            (to Sherborne)
                        Double shot for the scouts.
                            (to Montgomery)
                        Organize the militia to assist with the 
                        cannons. I want this regiment moving now.

           The men move away, leaving George feeling frustratingly  
           undervalued-- impotent.

           He spins, runs for his stallion.

           EXT. WOODS - MOMENTS LATER

           George rides up as the REDCOAT column marches along the muddy 
           road, hewn through the woods-- he catches up to Holloway.

           A small group of NATIVE AMERICAN WARRIORS thread through the 
           underbrush on the far side of them-- scanning the woods for 
           sharpshooters and enemy warriors.

           CRACK! CRACK! sounds from ahead of them.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Goddamn it! 

           The FRENCH SHOOT from behind trees as the REDCOATS stopped-- 
           aiming guns in every direction-- FIRE into bark and root.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                            (to redcoats)
                        On your feet, charge them!

           The REGULARS slowly rise and begin moving in unison.
           The FRENCH leap into the REGULAR lines-- closing the distance 
           fast. They stab BAYONETS and DAGGERS into the REDCOATS. 

           Ellsworth rides up-- reinforcements of REGULARS behind him, 
           double timing.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Forward!

           The FRENCH-- noticing the new enemy infantry-- IMMEDIATELY, 
           whistle and wheel, disappearing back into the woods.

           The BRITISH FIRE into the woods, but more musket balls find 
           trees.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Cease fire, cease fire!

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Cowards. Savages. Shooting from behind 
                        trees-- ignoring standards of battle and 
                        engagement. 

                                 GEORGE
                        Men and math. That’s what a gent named 
                        Captain Sherborne once told me. 

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I’m quite brilliant in retrospect.
                            (to Ellsworth)
                        They pick us off at two men an hour-- 
                        plus a couple of more in wounded-- we 
                        reach Duquesne with a number of our force 
                        already out of action.
                            (beat)
                        I need to find the General.

           He rides off. Leaving George and Ellsworth.

           A tall BRITISH SERGEANT moves away from a small group of 
           wagons and CANNONS below.

                                 SERGEANT MILLER
                        Corporal Burns said you wanted me, sir?

                                 GEORGE
                        The armorer-- you’re Miller? I need a 
                        waistcoat-- a braced one.
                            (beat)
                        You take my meaning?

                                 SERGEANT MILLER
                        You want a holster at your front? Most 
                        officers prefer a sword and--
                                 GEORGE
                        I’m not an officer. 

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        What do you need a pistol for?

                                 GEORGE
                        Two. Two holsters, plus a small cinch at 
                        the front.

                                 SERGEANT MILLER
                            (shocked)
                        Sir, that doesn’t seem proper for--

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Just do it, Sergeant.

           Miller salutes and rejoins the column. As he does, a SQUAD of 
           men pushing a large CANNON through the underbrush are stopped 
           when one of the WHEELS to the cannon jams in the mud.

                                 GEORGE
                            (to Ellsworth)
                        Thank you, Lieutenant.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Don’t take it as approval. I won’t 
                        stomach disorder. Discipline is-

                                 GEORGE
                        -the soul of an army. Yes, I’ve heard.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        He was insubordinate, but I don’t think I 
                        like you wasting the energies of our 
                        armorer on a brace coat you won’t need. 
                        You’re an advisor.

           He nods-- dismissive-- and rides ahead. 

           Braddock, Holloway and Montgomery approach. Montgomery 
           motions to the stuck cannons.

                                 MONTGOMERY
                        Because of your ill planned road, my 
                        cannon keep throwing wheels.

                                 GEORGE
                            (deep breathe)
                        There is a spot ahead we could fortify 
                        and rest-- fresh water and-
                                 BRADDOCK
                        No, I’m relying on small camps of wounded 
                        along the supply line to secure it-- they 
                        won’t last a full assault, so we need to 
                        hammer on Duquesne, force them to focus.
                            (to officers)
                        Pass the word: double time march.

           They move off. Braddock pulls a LETTER from his coat.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        This was in the dispatch pouch for you.
                            (beat)
                        A lady’s handwriting. Don’t get 
                        distracted, Washington.

                                 GEORGE
                            (slightly embarrassed)
                        No, sir.
                            (beat)
                        I know I’m an advisor, General. But I’d 
                        like a small squad from the militia-- I 
                        know the men who can move with stealth-- 
                        I want to survey the approach myself.

           CRACK! CRACK! close by. Burns instinctively ducks. The squad 
           below stops-- checking trees for French skirmishers.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (to them)
                        Move! Forward!
                            (to George)
                        You can have your squad-- make haste, 
                        Mister Washington. If we don’t take 
                        Duquesne before the Quebec reinforcements 
                        arrive, then this is all for naught.

           EXT. FOREST AROUND FORT DUQUESNE - EVENING

           A lone FRENCH SHARPSHOOTER (25) is perched on the branch of a 
           tree-- ten feet off the ground. He’s dressed in tanned 
           leather and deerskin. He aims his LONG BORE-- waiting.

           WHZZZ! Something whistles through the air and an ARROW 
           crashes into his CHEST.

           He FALLS into the brush below.

           Before he can recover-- his lung wheezing from the arrow-- 
           George appears-- HATCHET sinks into French throat.

           The Sharpshooter’s windpipe is severed-- his neck spewing 
           BLOOD. He gurgles-- trying to scream.
           Sergeant Gage moves out of the brush and puts his hand over 
           the Frenchman’s mouth-- silencing any noise. A NATIVE SCOUT 
           appears with a BOW-- restringing another arrow.

           George nods to him-- nice work-- and then moves past them-- 
           stalking quietly.

           He moves up a low hill, falling silently to the ground and 
           crawling on elbows and knees with quiet efficiency.

           Behind him, Sergeant Gage motions and a few other MILITIA MEN 
           appear out of the woods and move forward-- following George.

           As they crest the rise, they look down on:

           FORT DUQUESNE

           A large structure of TALL SHARP WOOD BEAMS. It’s a proper 
           timber fort, big enough to hold a hundred men or more. Thick 
           walls, parapets and several small inner huts. It’s large and 
           secure-- in these territories it’s as good as Fort Knox.

           A small FORCE of two dozen FRENCH REGULARS are busy preparing 
           the EARTHWORKS in front of the fort-- shallow trenches with 
           the dirt piled in front of them for cover. About a half dozen 
           earthworks criss cross the land directly in front of the 
           fort.

           There is a hundred acre FIELD in front of the fort and on 
           either side of it are large RIVERS that meet in the fork 
           behind it to form the mighty Ohio.

           George whispers to Sergeant Gage-- pointing as he describes:

                                 GEORGE
                        The Allegheny to the North.
                            (points to other river)
                        Monongahela to the South.
                            (to the fort)
                        Behind it, the critical juncture where 
                        they merge to become the Ohio.
                            (beat)
                        With the fort overlooking it all, they 
                        can control the rivers and trade-- from 
                        the whole of the territories-- 
                        Pennsylvania to Carolina.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Earthworks and open ground-- the General 
                        will love it. Right honorable fight. Line 
                        us up and march us in.
                            (beat)
                        But it’ll be costly.
                                 GEORGE
                        King and country.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        And the Virginia militia.

           INT. CUSTIS MANOR, MARTHA’S ROOM - NIGHT

           Martha is writing at her DESK. She looks OUTSIDE to see a 
           small BONFIRE-- a LARGE CHAIR ablaze in her yard-- then she 
           goes back to writing.

                                 MARTHA (V.O.)
                        I hope your war is going well. But I 
                        address you on our matter of business as 
                        it has become a matter of urgency. Sir 
                        Charles Carter has renewed his offer of 
                        marriage with a beautiful piece of 
                        furniture from Boston. But his notions of 
                        romance would not be complete without the 
                        lawsuit he also filed against me.
                            (beat)
                        I shall plant my crops in the faith that 
                        we cannot be bound by fear of failure and 
                        in the hope that you finish your survey 
                        for my defense soon.
                            (beat)
                        Please finish it soon. Yours sincerely, 
                        Martha Dandridge Custis.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - NIGHT

           Martha’s LETTER sits OPENED on George’s table. The rest of 
           the table is strewn with lit CANDLES, his surveying 
           INSTRUMENTS, his LEATHER BINDER with her deed, and the 
           THUCYDIDES book from the Governor.

           George is furiously sketching and working on Martha’s survey.

           Corporal Burns enters and interrupts:

                                 BURNS
                        The General wants you-- I heard your 
                        friends in the militia will get first 
                        crack tomorrow.

           George doesn’t look up, snorts.

                                 BURNS (CONT’D)
                        You wouldn’t be thrilled to lead the 
                        charge?
           George finally looks up.

                                 GEORGE
                            (admits)
                        I would.

           Burns picks up the Thucydides book.

                                 BURNS
                        How did you learn Greek?

                                 GEORGE
                        I had a governess-- for a time.

                                 BURNS
                        What happened?

                                 GEORGE
                        She went away when the money did. When my 
                        father died.
                            (beat)
                        I was eleven and he had two brothers and 
                        three sons. My half-brothers. Not 
                        everyone gets a share.

                                 BURNS
                        Bastards.

                                 GEORGE
                            (smiles)
                        Yes. I thought so too.

           INT. COMMAND TENT - NIGHT

           George enters. Braddock is still briefing Fry.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Lieutenant Ellsworth will support your 
                        left flank-- that’s their widest 
                        advantage-- we’ll see that it holds.

                                 MONTGOMERY
                            (notices George)
                        Mister Washington, always happy to see 
                        you. What do you think you know?

           George shakes off the insult and walks to the Governor’s MAP, 
           now strung up at the back of the tent.

           On the map there is a new large, upside down BLUE “Y”. The 
           two rivers converging to form the Ohio. As he begins to speak-
           - and draw with a bit of CHARCOAL from his pocket-- the 
           things he describes begin to appear.
           First, the fort rises from the land-- imposingly tall timber 
           and guard towers with mortars.

                                 GEORGE
                        The French engineers have seated their 
                        fort perfectly. Twenty yards or so from 
                        the Allegheny and Monongahela-- 
                        effectively their moat-- and so facing 
                        the only approach for assault-- this 
                        field, in which they’ve placed earth work 
                        defenses. 
                            (beat)
                        They’ll likely be manned by the 
                        skirmishers we faced on our march here, 
                        we have a hundred yards or more to close 
                        before we reach the trenches.

           He moves back on the other side of the rivers and charcoal 
           brings to life hilltops and cannons. Deer and bear and 
           woodland creatures scatter in the face of an approaching 
           army.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        If the French reinforcements arrive on 
                        schedule in two weeks we shall lose the 
                        advantage-- their cannon will secure 
                        these hilltops and lob shot over the fort 
                        and into our lines... And pound our camp 
                        into dust. That is what I think I know.

           CHARCOAL CANNON BALLS destroy the British camp.

           SNAP BACK TO: George slips the charcoal into his pocket, as 
           Braddock turns to them all.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        The difference between victory and defeat 
                        is the control of ground, gentleman.
                            (beat)
                        We will control this ground when the 
                        French Army arrives-- and our cannon will 
                        defend our newly claimed fort against any 
                        invaders on those hills.
                            (beat)
                        Colonel Fry, prepare your men.

           Fry nods and goes.

                                 COLONEL MONTGOMERY
                        It seems an inauspicious way to begin, 
                        General-- letting the militia lead.
                                 BRADDOCK
                        Our regulars cost three times as much in 
                        pay, twice as much in kit, and six times 
                        as much in training as these militia. So 
                        each one lost is a matter of His 
                        Majesty’s Treasury.
                            (beat)
                        The militia get to bloody their noses 
                        first.

                                 COLONEL MONTGOMERY
                            (chastened)
                        I’ll see to the artillery.

           George takes this in. Montgomery goes.

           Holloway goes to the nearby table-- retrieving a BOTTLE. 
           Ellsworth grabs a few GLASSES.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        In my experience, General Braddock, the 
                        French care more about seducing with 
                        their tongues than tales of valor. 

           He pours WHISKEY. Ellsworth hands out the glasses.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Your experience with the French, Captain 
                        Sherborne, sounds intimate for a married 
                        man. And your candor is-- as ever-- 
                        cloaked in unabashed optimism.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        What can I say, sir, I’m English.

           They laugh and toast-- even the severe Braddock-- relaxed... 
           for a second.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Two weeks. I need this done in two weeks.

                                 GEORGE
                            (more hopeful than sure)
                        Colonel Fry won’t let you down, sir.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George is asleep on his cot when there is a sudden:

           BAGPIPE CRY

           He startles awake.
           EXT. GEORGE’S TENT - CONTINUOUS

           George emerges and looks around.

           The camp is in chaos-- regulars moving quickly to muster. 

           Burns runs up as a BAGPIPER goes by, followed by two DRUMMER 
           BOYS-- pounding away in rapid beat.

                                 BURNS
                        French are on the field.

           George looks up at the first rays of dawn, almost smiles.

                                 GEORGE
                        The early bird...

           He sees General Braddock, already immaculately dressed, 
           headed to the front of the camp on his horse. George admires 
           him.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Well, at least our commander is ready.

           EXT. BRITISH CAMP - DAWN

           The officers are on horseback trying to rally the men into 
           formation.

           The REGULARS come together quickly. The MILITIA less so.

           George, riding, joins Braddock at the rear, almost abutting 
           the tents. 

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Dispatch last night from Williamsburg, 
                        Colonel Cameron of the Welsh Light had 
                        scouts tracking the reinforcements moving 
                        south-- two days ahead of expectations.

           ACROSS THE FIELD: FRENCH LINES-- two solemn rows of SKY BLUE 
           COATED REGULARS-- advance to a rapid drum beat.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                            (shouting to officers)
                        Steady up and hold the line.
                            (to Fry)
                        Colonel Fry! Forward!

           Colonel Fry shouts to his MILITIA-- barely assembled in front 
           of the REGULAR LINES-- urging them forward.
           ON GEORGE: as they move out-- haphazardly-- towards the 
           strict, clear French advance.

           Though this is the major battle of the war, note: at the time 
           there are no giant armies of hundreds of thousands of men-- 
           this will be fought between a few hundred men marching out to 
           face one another with a cannons, single shot muskets and 
           knives-- over a football field sized strip of land. It will 
           ultimately be close and ugly.

           ON BRADDOCK: raises a spyglass to his eye.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Two hundred or so. The rest must be 
                        entrenched or skirmishers.
                            (to George)
                        Estimate of those in reserve?

                                 GEORGE
                        Five hundred? Plus the Huron and Ottawan 
                        warriors.
                            (beat)
                        At full strength we can field two hundred 
                        and fifty militia and a five hundred 
                        regulars?

           Braddock is almost giddy with anticipation.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Should do nicely don’t you think?

           Then CANNONS BOOM from the fort.

           The ground between the FRENCH SOLDIERS and VIRGINIA MILITIA 
           EXPLODE in dirt and dust.

           Braddock shouts to Montgomery.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Our French friend, Colonel Ligerny, has 
                        mortars, Montgomery. He falls short. Are 
                        we within range to say good morning?

                                 MONTGOMERY
                        We’ll make their lines, sir.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Give them a pleasant volley.

           Montgomery nods and raises his CUTLASS, when he brings it 
           down:

           HALF A DOZEN BRITISH CANNONS FIRE.
           The battle for Fort Duquesne is on. 

           DAWN breaks through the clouds and a cut of light hits the 
           space between the two lines.

           Suddenly the French REGULARS halt and shoulder their RIFLES.

           But Colonel Fry doesn’t stop his men, they still advance.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Pull up you idiot.

           Colonel Fry ignores all this-- his plump form astride a plump 
           horse-- he rides on in arrogant ignorance:

           ON THE FRENCH:

           A CRACKLING CRACK CRACK CRACK!

           All down the French line.

           ON FRY: Fry and his mount are hit a dozen times-- his big 
           body hits the ground-- WHUMP.

           ON THE MILITIA: Half a dozen MILITIA MEN fall wounded.

           The rest FIRE back in hesitant, slapdash fashion. 

           ON THE FRENCH: TWO FRENCH REGULARS are hit.

           The FRENCH OFFICERS rally their men-- and as they reload-- 
           the second line of French Regulars advance and the front line 
           kneels.

           The second line of French Regulars FIRE!

           ON THE MILITIA: a dozen more men-- fall.

           ON BRADDOCK: doesn’t wait-- wheeling his horse and riding 
           along the British Regular line-- shouting to Holloway.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Advance! Advance, Captain Sherborne!

           ON HOLLOWAY: he may still be drunk from the night before but 
           you wouldn’t know it. He is confident and calm, a natural 
           leader. He shouts as if he were sure that victory awaits.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Stand ready!
                            (beat)
                        March!
                                 (MORE)
                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT'D)
                            (beat)
                        Drummers!

           Reminded, the DRUMMER BOYS beat and the COLOR GUARD beside 
           them-- stiffen up the regimental flags-- and advance.

           ON GEORGE: as the redcoats -- his friend Holloway right 
           behind on horseback-- march forward. Ordered. Quick. Ready.

                                 GEORGE
                            (to Burns)
                        If they’re as deadly as they are 
                        professional, we shall have a good day.

           ON THE FRENCH: reloaded-- proceed to FIRE again.

           ON THE MILITIA: more men drop as the British line arrives 
           behind them.

           ON GAGE: running along the line.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Steady, men! We’re about to give it back!

           ON CAPTAIN HALE: suddenly the highest rank in the militia, 
           sits on his horse at the far end of the line-- watching-- and 
           brandishing a PISTOL he refuses to raise and fire-- gripped 
           in fear.

           ON HOLLOWAY:

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (to Hale)
                        Captain Hale, move your men back!

           The militia doesn’t need to be told twice, they break ranks 
           and run-- melting between the Regulars’ line and headed for 
           the camp.

           ON THE REDCOATS: REGULARS form up just as the FRENCH FIRE.

           A dozen Regulars fall, but no one moves. They await orders.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Ready!

           They drop rifles from shoulder to hand.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Aim!

           They do.
                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Fire!

           At once: CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

           ON THE FRENCH: dropping in droves.

           But other FRENCH FIRE back.

           ON HOLLOWAY:

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Reload!
                            (beat)
                        Second line!

           The first line kneels and the second set of BRITISH REGULARS 
           aim.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Fire!

           ON THE FRENCH: more FRENCH REGULARS drop.

           ON BRADDOCK: just as the French begin to break ranks and RUN 
           for the fort.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Forward, Lieutenant, if you please!

           Ellsworth waves his SWORD forward and the redcoat RESERVES 
           advance in a line.

                                 GEORGE
                        Permission to retrieve the Colonel, sir?

           Braddock nods.

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MOMENTS LATER

           George leaps from his white stallion onto the ground near Fry-
           - whose leg is trapped under his DEAD HORSE. Fry is barely 
           conscious. His CHEST is a bloody mess.

           George takes a CANTEEN from his kit and kneels and offers Fry 
           some water. SHOTS whistle overhead and around them.

                                 FRY
                            (struggling for dignity)
                        Thank you, sir.

           George nods: you’re welcome. He looks around for help as 
           Holloway rides up.
                                 GEORGE
                        Leg’s trapped, we’ll have to pull him 
                        free.

           Holloway hops down.

           They both grab Fry’s arms and pull, but Fry gives an awful 
           GROAN then CRY. They drop him as Ellsworth rides up.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Braddock is calling a halt to the 
                        engagement.

           George looks around-- dumbfounded.

                                 GEORGE
                        He faults his advantage? They’re running.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        To their earthworks and cannon range. 
                        They’ll chew on us the rest of the day. 
                        Better to rest for the ‘morrow, friend.

           Fry tries to speak between mouthfuls of BLOOD-- spluttering 
           in agony.

                                 FRY
                            (to Holloway)
                        Hale is-- his fear will kill them-- don’t 
                        leave him in charge.
                            (re: George)
                        Or him.

           He GAGS on his blood-- choking.

           His body gives a violent WRETCH and he dies.

           EXT. CAMP - NIGHT

           George stands a short distance from the campfires and tents. 
           He stares up at a night sky-- filled to bursting with STARS. 
           It’s a stunning sight: the heavens alight in shimmering 
           brilliance.

           Sergeant Gage emerges out of the inky black ahead of him.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Checking on the picket line?

                                 GEORGE
                        Not authorized to do that, Sergeant, just 
                        an advisor... as they like to remind me.
                            (beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 GEORGE (CONT'D)
                        Just out for a walk to contemplate our 
                        boss. Any insight you’d like to share?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        General Braddock has ice in his veins and 
                        blood on his hands for sure.

                                 GEORGE
                        He gave me the boots for the militia when 
                        you asked me to get them for you.

           Sergeant Gage shrugs, pulls out a PIPE-- lights it.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Maybe he did it sincerely; maybe he did 
                        it to make sure we marched. You’ve got to 
                        have a ruthless spirit to send men to 
                        their death day after day.

                                 GEORGE
                        That’s war-- you volunteered. Why?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        I came to the colonies chasing a dream, 
                        same as everyone else. But I’m better at 
                        smoking tobacco than planting it. Someday 
                        though, mark my words, I’ll be free of 
                        commands and cannons and the lash.

                                 GEORGE
                        You ever think about carpentry-- it was 
                        good enough for the messiah.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                            (snorts)
                        Maybe I’ll try that next. What’s your 
                        excuse?

           George turns on his heel and walks away, leaving Sergeant 
           Gage alone under the stars.

                                 GEORGE
                        I told you, Sergeant: war is opportunity.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George is frustrated-- trying to get his coat to button-- 
           nothing about his uniform is well tailored.

           Burns pokes his head in.

                                 BURNS
                        Time, sir.
           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAWN

           The entire British force is assembled. Perfect rows of 
           soldiers. Even the militia looks orderly.

           George rides slowly along the line between the militia at the 
           front and the first row of Regulars.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Mind telling me why we’re at the front 
                        again, sir? The militia is the vanguard?

           George clocks Captain Hale nearby-- preparing to lead-- 
           almost shaking, he’s so nervous.

                                 GEORGE
                        Glory for the Empire, Sergeant, time to 
                        earn your wage.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Hard to spend if you ain’t breathin’.

                                 GEORGE
                        At least it’s not raining.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Small miracles.

           George rides on-- joining Braddock and his staff at the end 
           of the right flank.

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MOMENTS LATER

                                 GEORGE
                            (to Holloway)
                        I thought Fry didn’t want Hale in command 
                        of the militia? 

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (imperious, cutting in)
                        He didn’t want you either from what I 
                        hear. But we honor rank in His Majesty’s 
                        Army, sir. And the expectation of its 
                        performance.

           Holloway shrugs.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Not to worry, our friends haven’t shown 
                        up yet.

           George looks up over the battlefield, Sherborne is right. 
           There is no FRENCH REGULAR anywhere to be seen.
                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Still asleep in their trenches.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Then we shall wake them, Captain.

           He turns to Colonel Montgomery-- a short distance away, by 
           the cannon. Braddock nods. 

           Montgomery raises his sword and brings it down swiftly.

           The CANNONS BOOM.

           WIDE ON THE BATTLEFIELD: The shots land well short of the 
           French trenches.

           Another CANNON FIRE. BOOM!

           Still no response.

           The smoke and debris clear.

           ON GEORGE: he and the others all look out at the long yards 
           between them and the French fort.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Well, I’m awake now.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (confident)
                        If Colonel Ligerny can’t form a line then 
                        he doesn’t have the reserves necessary 
                        for the fort’s defense. Let’s not waste 
                        time, Gentlemen.
                            (to Hale)
                        Captain! Let’s go!

           DRUMS BEAT. BAGPIPE PLAYS.

           ON HALE:

                                 HALE
                        Forward!

           ON THE MILITIA: begins to advance.

           ON BRADDOCK: nods to Holloway, who turns on his horse and 
           rides along the Regular line.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Form up! March!

           The Regulars move out.
           ON THE FIELD:

           There’s a long beat as the lines approach the French earth 
           works. Only a few yards to go.

           The MILITIA men lower their rifles-- only a third have 
           bayonets-- ready for the expected French fire.

           The REGULARS are not far behind.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (quietly)
                        Come now, Captain, take them.

           ON HOLLOWAY: as if Holloway can sense his General’s order, he 
           raises his SWORD.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (to Hale)
                        Charge!

           But before anyone can:

           THUNDER AND FLASH AND TERROR

           All of the French FIRE at once-- mortar, cannon, musket!

           It’s a bloodbath, the BRITISH are getting cut up. The Militia 
           reels.

                                 CAPTAIN HALE
                        Retreat! Retreat!

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Push forward!

           ON THE FIELD: the militia have broken ranks and are running 
           back. The French pour FIRE into their backs.

           Holloway has no choice.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Retreat. Retreat.

           His men begin to fall back-- but orderly-- a few FIRE as they 
           go.

           ON BRADDOCK:
                                 BRADDOCK
                        Goddamn it!

           French heap CANNON AND MUSKET FIRE on the troops as they run 
           back toward the British camp.

           Braddock raises his SPYGLASS and examines the fort through 
           the haze of smoke.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Baited us.

           He lowers the spyglass and wheels his horse around-- annoyed 
           more than anything-- despite dying men on the field.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        This will take longer than I thought.

           He goes. George stares at the fort and the retreating men.

           Slowly the FRENCH FIRE dies down.

           INT. COMMAND TENT - DAY

           Hale is baffled as the officers convene. Braddock calmly 
           washes his hands in a BASIN of cool water.

                                 HALE
                        “Baited us”?

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Yesterday, Lignery gave us false hope-- 
                        marched his men out in proper form. Today 
                        he made a fool of us-- he has the men to 
                        form a line, but he’d rather take shots 
                        at us from behind walls.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Are honorable tactics completely anathema 
                        to the French here?

                                 GEORGE
                        Remember the march here? They don’t care 
                        for the Continental protocols here. He is 
                        besieged and he will force us to conquer 
                        him.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Or bleed us until his reinforcements 
                        arrive. We have eight days left, 
                        gentlemen. See your soldiers sleep well. 
                        We begin again at dawn. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BRADDOCK (CONT'D)
                        We will honor our King with our tactics 
                        even if this Frenchman does not. And when 
                        we conquer him it shall be all the 
                        sweeter. Now...

           Braddock dries his hands and goes to the table.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        We shall have lunch served.

           The other officers sit down; George slips out.

           INT. SURGERY TENT - AFTERNOON

           The surgery is a mess of WOUNDED MEN, BLOOD, and SEVERED 
           LIMBS.

           George enters carrying a wounded MILITIA MAN by his shoulders-
           - Burns has his one good leg awkwardly balanced. His other 
           leg is SHATTERED at the knee and droops horribly.

           A quick look around: there are no COTS or places left.

           They set him down on the messy ground near the entrance. He 
           HOWLS in pain.

           Sergeant Gage clocks George from nearby. He stands, goes to 
           George and pulls a FLASK from his coat. He hands it over.

           George nods-- thanks-- and gives the flask to the wounded man 
           who takes a strong pull. Gage returns to helping others.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - NIGHT

           George sits at his table, working on Martha’s survey.

           Outside, we HEAR the horror and moans of wounded men in 
           agony.

           Suddenly, a PIPE starts up to drowned it all out.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        Dear Missus Custis, I’m pleased to report 
                        to you that each morning we attack our 
                        objective.

           He continues OVER:
           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAWN

           The lines are formed-- though a bit more ragged in number-- 
           and ready to march.

           Everything is ready. Braddock nods to Montgomery and he-- in 
           turn-- drops his SWORD.

           British cannons FIRE.

                                 GEORGE
                        The men perform bravely and diligently. 
                        They are a credit to the Crown and their 
                        home counties.

           Without a word from Braddock, Captain Hale orders his militia 
           forward. 

           ON GEORGE: he looks down the line to Holloway. 

           ON HOLLOWAY: he shrugs: here we go again.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Forward!

           The British Regulars move out.

           INT. SURGERY TENT - AFTERNOON

           The surgery is filled to bursting. George and Burns enter 
           carrying a WOUNDED REGULAR, but the DOCTOR immediately ushers 
           them out.

           EXT. SURGERY TENT - CONTINUOUS

           George and Burns emerge with the wounded Regular and Doctor. 
           There is a small group of WOUNDED lying on the ground and 
           around.

           The Doctor just points at an empty patch of GRASS. George 
           nods and they take the wounded man there.

           George sees Sergeant Gage-- his own hand and neck BANDAGED 
           and BLEEDING-- kneeling over a gravely wounded MILITIA MAN.

           Sergeant Gage looks at George and waves him off: I’m fine.

           George nods and goes.
           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George writes a LETTER.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        I admire your tenacity and pursuit of 
                        future happiness in the face of stark 
                        odds. You are quite right: we must not be 
                        bound by fear of failure.

           Burns pokes his head in:

                                 BURNS
                        It’s time.

           George nods wearily.

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAWN

           The British and Militia are assembled. Braddock nods and 
           cannons FIRE. The men advance almost on automatic.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - NIGHT

           George methodically but absently sharpens his HATCHET with a 
           small WHETSTONE, while bent over the table reading.

           Open on the table is the THUCYDIDES book. He rubs his eyes 
           and turns a page.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        Plant your crops, I know you will not be 
                        dissuaded. But I’m afraid I can offer you 
                        only the worst news. The tributary in 
                        question-- the necessity you need to 
                        irrigate-- has moved its shoals. Your 
                        deed suggests it runs easterly of its 
                        current position, but I’m sad to report 
                        that its natural current has turned it 
                        west... Toward your neighbor’s lands.

           EXT. CUSTIS FARM - DAY

           Martha watches an EAGLE soar above her. Suddenly, it turns 
           and HURTLES down. She spins to see it:

           DIVE BOMB something in the tall GRASS.

           Before she can blink, the EAGLE lifts off with its powerful 
           wings-- a COTTON TAIL RABBIT in its clutches.
           Martha turns and looks away.

           She’s sitting on the ROCK TABLE-- where George met Carter-- 
           she looks out over the tributary. The small PILES and CLUMPS 
           of mud and grass on the far side. 

           Nearby is George’s LEATHER BINDER and completed survey. In 
           her right hand is his LETTER-- opened.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        Sir Charles has the makings of a case. 
                        Even without the advantage of title, 
                        privilege, and ready cash... I fear a 
                        magistrate will say worse.
                            (beat)
                        He has you.

           Martha sets the letter down-- worried, angry-- and looks out 
           at the land she loves so much.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION ON THE POTOMAC - NIGHT

           Martha stands staring at the long wall where she met George 
           for the first time. The Governor’s giant map is gone and the 
           wall seems so empty, but the room is filled to bursting with 
           the swells of the nearest counties. 

           In the background, Sir Charles enjoys making three young 
           LADIES laugh. 

           Lady Dinwiddie approaches Martha.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        The Widow Custis.

                                 MARTHA
                        My goodness how I hate being reminded.
                            (curtsies)
                        My lady.

           Lady Dinwiddie leans in-- genially, conspiratorially-- like 
           the old friend she is. Her voice, the lilting Southern drawl 
           that only a true belle employs, masking savvy with sweet:

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        Don’t worry, Martha dear, you get used to 
                        it. I’m on my third. Life is too fragile 
                        amidst these malarial swamps to be 
                        precious about it. 
                            (re: Governor)
                        He may be twenty years older, but he’s 
                        fifty times better than the last.
           Martha glances over at the Governor.

                                 MARTHA
                        And a far cry from the repugnant Dutchman 
                        you eloped to Boston with the first time.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        My mother still hasn’t forgiven me.
                            (beat)
                        Why are you alone-- staring at a wall?

                                 MARTHA
                            (exhausted)
                        I’m done in, Catherine. Captain-- Mister-- 
                        Washington finished his survey, I am not 
                        in favor.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        Oh fiddle dee, men and their obsessions 
                        with the size of their-- borders. My 
                        advice?

                                 MARTHA
                        Don’t say find a husband.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        You’re not in need of a husband, Martha, 
                        you’re in need of a partner.
                            (beat)
                        Don’t be a prideful canker and tell me 
                        you’d be better off without one.

           Lady Dinwiddie smiles-- genuinely, adoringly-- at her 
           Governor/husband and waves. He’s engaged in conversation, but 
           manages to wink back at her. 

           Martha clocks their affection.

                                 MARTHA
                        And what do you suggest? Which bachelor 
                        wants to take on Sir Charles Carter?

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        Oh, I have no idea. But I’ll help you 
                        best I can and buy your little house in 
                        Williamsburg.

                                 MARTHA
                            (surprised)
                        “Buy”... It was in my dowry, Catherine. 
                        My mother was born there.
                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        And it’s worth enough for you to afford a 
                        lawyer and press your case with the 
                        magistrate. I’m not as charitable as my 
                        husband, Martha, I won’t loan to you, I 
                        won’t sell back to you if you’re 
                        victorious. I have portfolios to keep, 
                        same as you.

           That lands.

                                 MARTHA
                        You drive a hard bargain.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        A fair one. What good is your history if 
                        it keeps you from your future?

           She moves away.

           Martha is left to look at Sir Carter-- still chortling with 
           the fawning LADIES.

                                 MARTHA (V.O.)
                        I will not yield, sir. Not to you. Not to 
                        Sir Charles Carter. I will give a little-- 
                        to a friend-- and secure my pursuit.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - NIGHT

           George reads her LETTER by CANDLE LIGHT on his cot.

                                 MARTHA (V.O.)
                        I shall never understand what you can 
                        enjoy about being beholden to the Crown, 
                        but I trust your inevitable victory and 
                        glory for the Empire shall prove me 
                        wrong.

           SCREAMS and CRACK! CRACK! Outside.

           George leaps from his cot-- grabbing for his PISTOL and 
           HATCHET-- rushing out.

           EXT. GEORGE’S TENT - CONTINUOUS

           George emerges as REDCOATS rush around in CHAOS. At the rear 
           of the camp he sees a few TENTS on FIRE.

           He SPRINTS for them.
           EXT. MILITIA CAMP, REAR OF MAIN BRITISH CAMP - CONTINUOUS

           George bursts into a massacre.

           FIRE and MAYHEM.

           OTTAWAN WARRIORS rampage through firing MUSKETS, ARROWS, and 
           slicing KNIVES through the air.

           FRENCH SKIRMISHERS attack as well... and a few FRENCH 
           SHARPSHOOTERS FIRE from the tree line.

           MILITIA and REDCOATS engage in hand-to-hand.

           ON GEORGE: he spots Colonel Montgomery-- on his knees-- 
           SCREAMS as he’s SCALPED alive-- ear-to-ear-- by a WARRIOR.

           A SKIRMISHER runs by-- stabbing Montgomery in the back with a 
           bayonet.

           George races towards Montgomery-- flings his HATCHET through 
           the air-- catching the Skirmisher in the thorax-- knocking 
           him hard on his back. THWACK.

           George FIRES his PISTOL into the skirmisher’s head.

           The WARRIOR spins-- holding Montgomery’s bloody SCALP.

           George rolls-- PISTOL in his hand and comes up under the 
           WARRIOR’S arcing KNIFE.

           George CLOCKS the WARRIOR with the pistol butt.

           He’s knocked back, giving George time to retrieve his HATCHET-
           - and spin-- HATCHET flying low.

           THWACK! THUNK!

           He cuts the WARRIOR at the KNEE CAP.

           LEFT. Cartilage and bone.

           RIGHT. Blood and tissue.

           The WARRIOR drops, but before George can finish him off, two 
           SKIRMISHERS engage.

           He’s in the hand-to-hand fight of his life.

           BEHIND HIM: Sergeant Gage, Burns, and Holloway charge into 
           the fight.

           British REGULARS and British native SCOUTS pour in, FIRING 
           and CUTTING. WARRIOR attacks WARRIOR.
           ON GEORGE: he whirls again-- catching one SKIRMISHER with a 
           hatchet to the collar bone.

           THWACK! The second SKIRMISHER’s rifle ROUNDHOUSES George in 
           the head.

           He goes down, rolling away, trying to stay lucid.

           The Skirmisher-- gives chase-- trying to reload as he goes.

           George stops his roll at a dead MILITIA MAN’s body and grabs 
           the KNIFE from the DEAD MAN’s sheath.

           He springs up as the Skirmisher lowers his musket to fire.

           George shoves the KNIFE in his groin and then lifts up 
           through the sternum. George almost lifts him off the ground.

           The Skirmisher VOMITS blood and bile.

           George-- no remorse-- drops the man to the ground-- ripping 
           the KNIFE out and swinging it down and:

           STRAIGHT into the Skirmisher’s right EYE.

           George is up and moving before the body stops twitching.

           ON BURNS: He’s fighting with a WARRIOR. The Warrior gets the 
           drop on the huge Scottish kid and sinks his BLADE through 
           Burns’s forearm.

           Burns SCREAMS.

           ON GEORGE: before the WARRIOR can do more, George grabs him 
           in a choke HOLD from behind. 

           George falls on his back-- taking the Warrior with him-- his 
           legs wrapped around preventing escape.

           Holloway arrives and STABS the Warrior TWICE in quick 
           succession with his SWORD.

           George rolls the dead Warrior off himself as:

           CHEERS go up.

           George stands slowly-- holding his BLEEDING head-- looks 
           around. The raiders are running into the treeline as REGULARS 
           FIRE after them.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        You alright?
           George turns to see Sergeant Gage, also bleeding from the 
           head.

                                 GEORGE
                        You?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        It’s not raining.

                                 GEORGE
                        Small miracles.

                                 BRADDOCK (O.S.)
                            (grim)
                        Congratulations.

           George turns to find a frustrated, resolved Braddock.

           He nods to Montgomery’s dead body-- his face frozen in the 
           terror of being scalped.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Hale is dead too. I’m giving you command 
                        of the militia-- congratulations you’re a 
                        colonial officer again. 

                                 GEORGE
                            (reluctant)
                        Thank you, sir.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (to Ellsworth)
                        You’ll see to our picket lines and 
                        sentries, Ellsworth?

           He nods.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                            (beat)
                        The rest of you see the company surgeons.

           The men begin to disperse. Braddock remains-- staring at 
           George. Braddock gestures at the dead WARRIORS and 
           SKIRMISHERS.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        You understand what this means?

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, General.
           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George is writing a letter.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        We are cut off. Last night, native allies 
                        and French skirmishers attacked the rear 
                        of our camp. We must press ahead and 
                        conquer the fort or risk retreat through 
                        the forests, there is no other option. 
                        Perhaps there never is in the prosecution 
                        of war.

           He finishes-- seals it with WAX from the CANDLE. As he 
           dresses and arms:

                                 GEORGE (V.O.)
                        But that inevitable victory you spoke of 
                        seems far from true now. You may never 
                        receive or read this, but I shall have to 
                        rely on your faith... and hope it holds 
                        for the both of us.

           Burns ducks his head in.

                                 BURNS
                        Sir...

           EXT. GEORGE’S TENT - CONTINUOUS

           George exits-- Burns in tow-- to find Sergeant Gage waiting. 
           George keeps moving; Gage falls in beside him.

                                 GEORGE
                        Shouldn’t you be at the line, Gage?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Just wanted a word with the new 
                        commander.

                                 GEORGE
                        And?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        The militia cannot remain in the 
                        vanguard, sir.

                                 GEORGE
                        And why not?
                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        We are at half our original number-- the 
                        rest lost to death, injury, or waylaid by 
                        dysentery.
                            (beat)
                        And if you think shitting the lining of 
                        your intestines out is preferable to 
                        being shot by French mortar--

                                 GEORGE
                        Sergeant, you wish me to make request to 
                        the General that we bring up the rear?

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - CONTINUOUS

           They reach the rear of the lines and George finds his HORSE 
           waiting.

           He leaps into the saddle-- spinning George (the horse) around-
           - headed to the front.

                                 GEORGE
                            (re: redcoats)
                        I don’t like it any more than you do, 
                        Gage. But these men cost more than we do-- 
                        to arm, train--

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        To die? I didn’t realize one man’s life 
                        was worth less than any other’s, sir.

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, you did. You just don’t want it to 
                        be that way. Fall in.

           He rides for the front.

           AT THE FRONT: the MILITIA form up.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Steady on, men!

           He looks to BRADDOCK.

           ON BRADDOCK: He nods.

           CANNONS BOOM.

           ON GEORGE: He spurs his stallion.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Forward!
           But no one moves. All eyes turn to Gage. George may be in 
           command, but he’s not their leader. George is furious.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        I said forward, men!

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                            (exhausted)
                        You heard him, move!

           The militia begins to march.

           EXT. SURGERY TENT - LATER

           George and Sergeant Gage put a WOUNDED MILITIA MAN down as 
           gently as they can.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Sir, when we’re all dead, will we be 
                        allowed to quit the vanguard or will we 
                        be resurrected for service to the Crown?

                                 GEORGE
                        Discipline, Sergeant Gage. Get them ready 
                        for the morning.

           Sergeant Gage grabs George-- who shoves him off.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        If you want these men to fight for you 
                        then you have to fight for them.

                                 GEORGE
                        That’s enough! You’ll let me know if and 
                        when you decide to mutiny, right, 
                        Sergeant? Now, let’s get back to work.

           George walks away without another word.

           EXT. CAMP - EVENING

           George sits at the edge of the camp. He has the THUCYDIDES 
           book in his hands, but he’s staring out at:

           Fort Duquesne, low FOG creeps like smoke-- ominous and gray-- 
           into the crevasses of the surrounding hills and into the 
           trees of the forest. It’s eerie and yet mesmerizing... 
           Turning green hills into dusky blue in the fading light.

           BIRDS sing their evensong and the FROGS are just starting 
           their chorus. It’s a beautiful spot of land... if not for the 
           mud and blood in the field. Holloway joins George.
                                 HOLLOWAY
                        So who’s the girl writing you letters?
                            (shrugs)
                        You don’t think I know how to keep an eye 
                        on the dispatch and supply riders... how 
                        do you think I get the booze?

                                 GEORGE
                        You must be thirsty...

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Another few days-- I will be, my supply 
                        is a touch short, cut off as we are...

                                 GEORGE
                        She’s a widow, hired me to survey her 
                        land-- paid me with ‘George’.
                            (off his look)
                        My horse. He was named that before I met 
                        her... 

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        So she has land?

                                 GEORGE
                        And suitors.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        You like her? Or you haven’t admitted it 
                        to yourself yet...

           George throws a glance to his friend, Holloway knows him too 
           well.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Braddock’s a man of his word: your status 
                        will be secured when you’re a British 
                        officer... A man of the Crown. You can 
                        revisit things with her then.

           He looks out at the wilderness around them.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Though why you’d want to be trapped here 
                        in the colonies... we can’t conquer this 
                        Frenchman and his fort soon enough. 

                                 GEORGE
                        You wouldn’t miss our untamed lands?

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Are you kidding? I’ll take the tamed 
                        gardens of Kew any day. 
                            (waving at the fort)
                                 (MORE)
                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT'D)
                        They snipe at us from behind trees. 
                        Savages. My father’s only comment upon my 
                        posting here again was to make sure I 
                        returned with my dignity. 
                            (beat)
                        Things are different on the Continent. 
                        The French fight like gentlemen. 
                            (beat)
                        Honor and order.

                                 GEORGE
                        Devotion to which may yet prove 
                        disastrous to us in this war.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        The system exists for a reason, George-- 
                        to affix value. A code. We honor it and 
                        we receive commendation-- reward... pure, 
                        certain, simple. In your bargain with 
                        Braddock, you stand to gain much from the 
                        system. Keep your honor.

                                 GEORGE
                        And what did you do to the system-- to 
                        get shipped back to the New World?

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I might’ve gotten into a bit of a sticky 
                        situation with an Admiral’s daughter...

                                 GEORGE
                        You’re a proper rogue.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        But such a pretty one.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George lies-- fully clothed-- on his cot. He’s sound ASLEEP-- 
           snoring-- the THUCYDIDES book on his chest. Burns pokes his 
           head.

                                 BURNS
                            (urgent)
                        Sir...

                                 GEORGE
                            (groggy)
                        I know. I know.

                                 BURNS
                        No, sir, we’re in a bit of a bind.
           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MOMENTS LATER

           George and Burns rush to the rear of the lines. They’re met 
           by Braddock-- on his horse.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Where is my militia?!

           George stares out: every REGULAR at attention-- ready for the 
           morning’s assault. Every ARTILLERY MAN at his cannon. 
           Sherborne and Ellsworth on their steeds, ready.

           But no sign of militia-- not a man anywhere.

           EXT. MILITIA CAMP, REAR OF MAIN BRITISH CAMP - MOMENTS LATER

           George races into the shabby camp area. MILITIA MEN are 
           crowded in small groups, murmuring to each other.

                                 GEORGE
                        What the hell is going on?

           Williams-- still on his bedroll by the fire.

                                 WILLIAMS
                        Mutiny.
                            (beat)
                        We ain’t going to be their cannon fodder 
                        no more. 

           Braddock rides up and hears this. He STOMPS his horse through 
           the CAMPFIRE-- sending Williams and other MILITIA MEN diving 
           and scattering.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Who is the organizer of this rebellion?

           All the MILITIA MEN turn and a small CROWD of MEN nearby part 
           to REVEAL:

           Sergeant Gage.

           REGULARS begin crowding into the camp. Braddock orders.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                            (re: Gage)
                        That man into custody. Now!

           A small SQUAD of redcoats rush to grab Sergeant Gage. But a 
           few militia MEN, including WILLIAMS, get in between them-- a 
           fight breaks out.
                                 GEORGE
                            (to Braddock)
                        General! This is a misunderstanding-- 
                        protest-- between me and--

           A MILITIA MAN DECKS a Regular as he arrests GAGE.

           BOOM!

           The MILITIA MAN’S SPINE CAVES-- struck between the shoulder 
           blades by a musket ball. He falls face down in the MUD.

           Everyone FREEZES.

           ON BRADDOCK: his PISTOL is the only one smoking.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        The next man who dares insurrection will 
                        be shot.
                            (to Gage)
                        And you, Sergeant-- a man of his 
                        Majesty’s Navy-- you...
                            (furious)
                        Are sentenced to the maximum penalty of 
                        five hundred lashes.

                                 GEORGE
                        General!

           But Braddock is already riding out.

           INT. COMMAND TENT - MOMENTS LATER

           Braddock is pacing-- angry... that repressed English temper 
           boiling over-- he might be going a little mad... examining 
           the map on the wall when George bursts in.

                                 GEORGE
                        General Braddock-

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (cutting rage)
                        -You come here to beg indulgence on 
                        behalf of your man, sir? We have lost the 
                        day, Lieutenant Washington-- the 
                        initiative.

                                 GEORGE
                        ‘Initiative’, General?! Five hundred 
                        lashes is tantamount to a death sentence.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        It IS a death sentence, sir!
           The other officers enter.

                                 GEORGE
                        General, I have served you-- the Crown-- 
                        loyally, so has he-- Sergeant Gage. The 
                        militia is simply exhausted and-

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Our success here lies in the ability to 
                        project force on the field of combat, 
                        sir. And I shall decide how and when we 
                        project that force.

                                 GEORGE
                        Men and math, sir, the militia is reduced 
                        in strength by sixty percent-- well below 
                        the effective-

                                 BRADDOCK
                        You think the regular troops have not 
                        suffered? And though they be greater in 
                        number-- so it may not seem thus-- but 
                        our regulars are gone by nearly half. We 
                        have enough ammunition and fresh food 
                        left for two days here, which shouldn’t 
                        matter anyway as Colonel Ligerny’s 
                        reinforcements shall arrive then anyway.
                            (beat)
                        We do not control the ground, sir. Don’t 
                        lecture me about ‘men and math’.

           George looks to Holloway for support. He shakes his head. 

           Braddock clocks this and closes on George in quiet fury-- 
           waving at all of the staff as his eyes bore into George.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        You wish to command, sir? You wish to 
                        lead men?
                            (beat)
                        You do not lead men with charm and hopes 
                        of glory. You do not lead them with 
                        strategic advantage and ample supplies. 
                        You do not lead them with your mind and 
                        skill. You lead them because you must.
                            (beat)
                        You lead them because civilization 
                        requires order. My word stands. Sergeant 
                        Gage shall be lashed. Discipline is the 
                        soul of an army.

                                 GEORGE
                        And if I can find you an even better 
                        example of discipline to make?
           EXT. MILITIA CAMP, REAR OF MAIN BRITISH CAMP - NIGHT

           In the semi-dark: a MILITIA MAN with dysentery is curled up 
           in the fetal position on his BED ROLL. He MOANS.

           Slowly, he gets up and walks the few steps to a small slice 
           in the dirt-- the latrine.

           He pulls down his PANTS and SHITS. It sounds awful-- his 
           stomach cramping-- torment.

           George moves by.

                                 GEORGE
                        You alright, soldier?

           The man looks up. It’s JACK, the deserter. George is 
           surprised.

                                 JACK
                        I ain’t goin’ anywhere-- deserting-- if 
                        that’s what you’re worried about, sir.

           He pulls up his PANTS, slowly-- he doesn’t bother to wipe, 
           there’s nothing to wipe with.

           He can barely walk, he stumbles. George catches him.

           EXT. MILITIA CAMP, REAR OF MAIN BRITISH CAMP - DAY

           George helps Jack into the small circle of MILITIA MEN-- 
           huddling around a campfire. He sets Jack down. Turns to 
           Williams:

                                 GEORGE
                        We need to talk.

                                 WILLIAMS
                            (disdain)
                        About what, sir?

                                 GEORGE
                        About me. And You. And getting lashed.

           INT. LARGE TENT - DAY

           George enters to find Sergeant Gage standing in the center.

           He is SHACKLED to a large PIKE that’s been driven into the 
           ground. He’s also clearly been BEATEN-- his face bruised.
                                 GEORGE
                        Fifty men.

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        Not sure what you mean, sir, but nice of 
                        you to visit.

                                 GEORGE
                        Fifty militia men, ten lashes each-- five 
                        hundred lashes. The price for your 
                        idiotic maneuver. 

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        No.

                                 GEORGE
                        No what?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        I’ve decided, I’ll neither lash nor be 
                        lashed again. 

                                 GEORGE
                        Sergeant...
                            (almost pleading)
                        I’m taking the lash. Fifty of our men are 
                        taking the lash. The trauma-- you’ve been 
                        before the Mast, Gage-- have you seen a 
                        man last a hundred? The shock of forty-- 
                        you lose consciousness- 

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        I know better than you, Lieutenant.
                            (beat)
                        I won’t take another man’s liberty to 
                        ensure my own... yours or theirs... Or 
                        King Louis’... I’m done fighting.

           George rages and Sergeant Gage rages back.

                                 GEORGE
                        You want us to fail here?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        What makes you so sure your Crown is 
                        better than theirs? Why do you want to be 
                        a “man of the Crown” at all?!

                                 GEORGE
                        What do you think a uniform is, Gage? 
                        It’s a map-- medals say you’ve been here 
                        and accomplished this-- ribbons and 
                        stripes tell the world your rank-- class-- 
                        who you are. 
                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        There’s no king or general-- or father-- 
                        that can tell you who you are, George-- 
                        where you belong.

                                 GEORGE
                        You favor anarchy? Resistant to all 
                        authority and laws and boundaries?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        I’ve sailed the seas. I’ve traversed this 
                        new world as far as I am able. The only 
                        boundaries I’ve seen are the ones that 
                        men have placed upon a map-- parchment 
                        pretending to control ground that is rock 
                        and air and water.
                            (beat)
                        Man is no more bound than the earth or 
                        sea.
                            (beat)
                        He shouldn’t be. Bound.
                            (beat)
                        The yokes he makes should be his own-- 
                        liberty of choice-- pursuit at risk--

                                 GEORGE
                        And so what yoke would you have me  
                        choose?

                                 SERGEANT GAGE
                        That’s up to you.

           George SCREAMS in FRUSTRATION. Sergeant Gage waits before he 
           lands this:

                                 SERGEANT GAGE (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you want it to be... up to you?

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAYBREAK

           George sits at his desk-- not reading, not sleeping-- head in 
           his hands. Lost.

           Burns pokes his head in:

                                 BURNS
                        Sir...

           George doesn’t stir.

                                 BURNS (CONT’D)
                            (gentle)
                        Sir, it’s time.
           EXT. BRITISH CAMP - DAWN

           George walks beside a shackled Gage-- neither speaking-- 
           Burns and FIVE REGULARS trail them. Each Regular has a WHIP 
           coiled around his body.

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - MOMENTS LATER

           There are no battle lines today, but troops are gathered in 
           organized FORMATIONS. 

           A short distance into the field, two LOGS have been driven 
           vertically into the ground and across them-- a TIMBER BEAM.

           George walks with Gage towards the lashing station.

           They arrive at the station and the Regulars toss CHAIN over 
           the timber beam, then they string Sergeant Gage shackles up-- 
           yanking his arms up violently, so his feet nearly leave the 
           ground.

           Then they rip the shirt from his back.

                                 GEORGE
                            (whispered plea)
                        Sergeant...

                                 GAGE
                        You want to lead men... then show them 
                        that you won’t throw their lives away 
                        casually... Show them that you can lead 
                        them without a lash. Good luck, sir.

           There’s nothing left to say. George returns to the ranks as 
           the REGULARS remove their WHIPS and place them on the ground. 
           They begin to remove their COATS and roll up their SLEEVES. 
           This will be work for them-- lashing a man to death.

           ON BRADDOCK: as he rides to the front-- between the 
           formations and lashing station-- gone more than a little mad 
           now.

                                 BRADDOCK
                            (to them all)
                        Five hundred lashes.
                            (beat)
                        The penalty for mutiny-- treason against 
                        King and Country-- in His Majesty’s Army.

           He SHOUTS to the LASHERS:

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Begin!
           ON GAGE: the WHIPS find his back in a CHORUS of BLOOD AND 
           FLESH.

           He SCREAMS.

           The LASHES keep coming-- it’s a merciless assault.

           ON BURNS: his eyes snap shut-- he can’t watch.

           ON HOLLOWAY: he lowers his own eyes.

           ON GEORGE: he stares straight ahead, he won’t look away from 
           his friend or his agony.

           ON BRADDOCK: He rides before the men, shouting over Gage’ 
           screams.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Our enemy stands there, gentleman. 

           He gestures out at the French fort-- only a hundred yards 
           away-- almost on CUE:

           A few FRENCH REGULARS and OFFICERS poke their heads up front 
           the earth works and walls.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        He does not begrudge us our mutinies-- he 
                        welcomes them-- thinking us weaker-- 
                        thinking us failed.
                            (beat)
                        But we cannot fail. We will not fail.
                            (beat)
                        We are cut off. We either retreat or we 
                        conquer. That is all.
                            (beat)
                        And no man under my command will retreat. 
                        So we will conquer and we will do it now.

           ON GAGE: SNAP after ferocious SNAP of the whip to his back, 
           he’s beginning to lose consciousness. His eyes roll back in 
           his head.

           His knees give out. Another sickening SNAP, and flesh tears 
           from his body.

           ON BRADDOCK: He draws his SWORD dramatically.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        We strike camp today. The cannons have 
                        been moved to the rear. 
           ON GEORGE: he hadn’t noticed the cannons were moved. He 
           glances to Holloway, who shakes his head-- he missed it too. 
           What is going on?

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        All troops will form battle lines at the 
                        front. We will march on that fort today 
                        and we will take it or we will die 
                        trying, gentlemen. Any man who retreats 
                        will be cut down by cannon. Do you 
                        understand? Any man who retreats will be 
                        shot. Dead.

           Gage’ SCREAMS one final time and passes out.

                                 BRADDOCK (CONT’D)
                        Strike the camp! Form up!

           The FORMATIONS break and run back to the camp. 

           ON GEORGE: he lingers staring out at Gage, BLOOD pouring from 
           his back. The barbarous ATTACK continues, the lashers whip 
           with coordinated, unending ferocity. SNAP! CRACK! White bone 
           can be seen on Gage’ shoulder.

           Corporal Burns GRABS George’s shoulder.

                                 BURNS
                        Sir!

           George is immobilized watching the lashing.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        George!

           George turns-- dazed-- to see is friend.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Let’s not let your good Sergeant die in 
                        vain.

           George nods-- begins to jog-- with Holloway and Burns back to 
           the camp.

           INT. GEORGE’S TENT - DAY

           George numbly packs things. The tent DOOR is pulled back.

           TWO of the LASHERS walk by-- coiling their WHIPS-- exhausted. 
           George stares absently after them as Holloway walks in-- 
           carrying yet another BOTTLE.
                                 GEORGE
                            (absently)
                        They may fight like savages, but I think 
                        we might actually be the savages.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (takes a slug)
                        Almost ready?

           George throws one last item into the knapsack but comes out 
           with an item in return: the THUCYDIDES book.

                                 GEORGE
                        Sparta versus Athens.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        It’s all Greek to me.

           George hands the book to Holloway as he exits.

                                 GEORGE
                        The secret to happiness is on page 97.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Wait, who says I’m in pursuit of 
                        happiness?

           EXT. SURGERY TENT - MOMENTS LATER

           George stares down at the DEAD FACE of Gage. He lays amidst 
           so many dead and wounded. George kneels and puts a gentle 
           hand on the Sergeant Gage’ chest.

                                 WILLIAMS (O.S.)
                        Guns at our front. Guns at our back. He 
                        died for nothing.

           George stands and turns to see Williams and other MILITIA MEN 
           walking by, spent, despairing in their fate.

           EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY

           The lines are formed. 

           Behind them only the COMMAND TENT remains. The former camp is 
           an array of mud and derelict equipment. At the rear is a 
           small GROUP OF WAGONS, PACKHORSES, WOUNDED, and the CANNONS:

           Aimed at the front.

           The message is clear: no retreat.
           ON BRADDOCK: as he moves along the lines-- between the 
           Militia and the Regulars-- barely any space separates them 
           now.

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Forward all!

           ON GEORGE: riding high in the saddle, his PISTOL in his hand, 
           urging his men on.

                                 GEORGE
                        Steady and forward, men!

           WIDE: Slowly the BRITISH lines advance-- creeping across the 
           first forty yards. There are no FRENCH bullets yet.

           The militia almost to the French earthworks.

           BOOM! BOOM!

           French cannons FIRE. Shells explode AROUND THEM.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Charge!

           All lines surge forward now.

           ON GEORGE: his MILITIA MEN are ten yards from the earth 
           works. Nine. Eight. Seven...

           Suddenly, the FRENCH REGULARS pop up from the earth works: 
           FIRING! CRACK, CRACK, CRACK!

           Militia fall in droves.

                                 GEORGE
                        FIRE!

           They fire.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Drop!

           The MILITIA hit the deck as George peels off-- spurring his 
           horse as fast as he can.

           ON GEORGE, he looks back as the REDCOATS behind them FIRE!

           CRACK, CRACK, CRACK! Musket balls THUD into the earth works.

           ON THE FRENCH: already reloaded behind their dirt safety.
           They pop up again:

           CRACK, CRACK, CRACK: bullets whiz over the heads of the 
           militia and into the Regulars’ line.

           ON THE REDCOATS: A DOZEN REGULARS collapse.

           ON BRADDOCK:

                                 BRADDOCK
                        Forward! Fire!

           He wheels his horse to the left-- dashing along the line-- 
           firing his FLINTLOCK.

           The REGULARS around him FIRE!

           ON GEORGE: He’s at the far end of the line-- the right flank-- 
           he spins when he reaches the end-- George (the stallion) 
           cornering on a rail, he spins, galloping back along the line.

                                 GEORGE
                        Fire, men, fire!

           ON THE MILITIA MEN: struggling to reload and fire from their 
           prone positions.

           ON GEORGE: then he sees it:

           DOZENS of FRENCH REGULARS pouring out of the fort.

           ON THE FRENCH: They charge over the earth works: FIRING and 
           SCREAMING!

           ON BURNS: at the other end of the line. He watches as-- in no 
           time-- the French forces CRASH into the British.

           WIDE: a CLASH of guns and swords and bayonets.

           ON HOLLOWAY: as he RIDES by Burns.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        C’mon, Burns, time to earn your war story 
                        for the girls in Glasgow.

           ON BURNS: watches Holloway charge in-- drawing his own SWORD-- 
           and praying he survives the day. He charges!

           ON ELLSWORTH: he’s in the rear with the cannons-- having 
           taken Montgomery’s artillery command. He’s supposed to be 
           Braddock’s insurance policy, but he can see through his 
           SPYGLASS: 

           The battle is a slug fest of man-vs-man.
                                 ELLSWORTH
                        ‘Men and math’... pretty soon we won’t 
                        have any men for math. 

           He decides and turns to the REGULARS in his command: 

                                 ELLSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        Sound off from the right.

           The REGULAR farthest to the right:

                                 REGULAR
                        One.

           The MAN next to him:

                                 REGULAR 2
                        Two.

           The count continues down the line past Ellsworth-- as he 
           mounts his horse-- he draws his SWORD.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Even numbers on me.
                            (to Sergeant Miller)
                        Odds are with you, no cannon fire unless 
                        I order it, am I clear, Sergeant?

                                 SERGEANT MILLER
                        Crystal, Lieutenant.

           Ellsworth advances and half the REGULARS step out and forward 
           with him.

           AT THE FRONT:

           ON GEORGE: it’s chaos at the front.

           French SHARPSHOOTERS fire at them from the fort walls, along 
           with REGULARS and OTTAWAN WARRIORS.

           He wheels, turning again and again, SLICING down at the enemy 
           with his SWORD.

           He catches one FRENCH REGULAR in the side-- straight through 
           the lung-- and he goes down-- HOWLING in BLOOD.

           Ahead, George sees:

           BRADDOCK, as two FRENCH REGULARS, FIRE point blank into him-- 
           sending him flying off his horse in a CLOUD of BLOOD.

           ON BRADDOCK: SLAMS into the ground, struggles to his feet and 
           slashing with his SWORD.
           He’s surrounded by three FRENCH REGULARS and one WARRIOR, but 
           he’s not backing down-- fights with his SWORD and sheer will.

           But the REGULARS are too much. FRENCH 1 catches a glancing 
           blow from Braddock’s sword, but it’s enough to allow:

           FRENCH 2 SLICES a bayonet into Braddock’s belly.

           The General stumbles to his knees, as FRENCH 3 rips a BAYONET 
           from his RIFLE and begins to SCALP BRADDOCK-- even the French 
           are now scalping-- BRADDOCK SCREAMS.

           ON GEORGE: He and Holloway run at full speed -- but they 
           can’t close the distance. As Braddock begins to be scalped, 
           Holloway stops, stunned.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        No! He’s the commanding officer!

           FRENCH 3 has his blade deep in.

           ON GEORGE: he picks up a RIFLE. Aims. FIRES.

           ON BRADDOCK: a BULLET goes straight into Braddock’s left EYE.

           He drops like dead weight. Gone.

           ON GEORGE:

                                 GEORGE
                            (to Holloway)
                        That was more mercy than he showed 
                        Sergeant Gage.
                            (beat)
                        Move, Holloway!

           The FRENCH and OTTAWAN run across the short distance towards 
           them.

           ON HOLLOWAY: stupefied, terrified. George wastes no time.

           ON GEORGE: He swings his musket through the air-- it WHISTLES-
           - around bashing into the head of FRENCH 2.

           Before, FRENCH 3 can reload, George has him by the throat, 
           choking him.

           He spins FRENCH 3 as FRENCH 1 attacks with Braddock’s SWORD-- 
           skewering FRENCH 3 in the side.

           George tosses him aside and moves past to: 
           FRENCH 1, George drawing the blade of his hand into his 
           WINDPIPE-- George PUMMELS his kidneys with his fist and then 
           grabs the man’s HEAD and spins him once, twice:

           THRICE AROUND and with a splintering CREAAACK! French 1’S 
           neck snaps and he falls to the ground lifeless.

           ON ELLSWORTH: riding into the fight as French 1 falls.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                            (seeing Braddock)
                        Who’s in command?!

           ON GEORGE: looks to Holloway.

                                 GEORGE
                        He is...

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        ... I am.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        What are your orders, Captain Sherborne?!

           EXT. CAMP - DUSK

           It’s been a long-- a bloody long-- day. 

           What was once a decent, orderly camp is now part of the 
           battlefield, walking WOUNDED mill about and beaten SOLDIERS 
           stare at:

           Fort Duquesne-- a hundred yards away-- but it might as well 
           be on Mars.

           EXT. CAMP - CONTINUOUS

           George leads an exhausted George (the horse) through the 
           camp. He surveys the equally exhausted men.

           Finally, he reaches the command tent and ties the stallion up 
           outside. 

           He takes a moment to brush the great horse’s neck... it’s a 
           tender, serious moment of respect and affection.

           Then he turns and enters the tent to find:
           INT. COMMAND TENT - CONTINUOUS

           Holloway, Ellsworth and Burns sit around the large table. 
           There are three EMPTY BOTTLES in front of them. No one is 
           talking. Burns gets up and goes for the door.

                                 BURNS
                        Another bottle?

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (waving him off)
                        No. Leave it. Leave it to the men. We’re 
                        drunk enough.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        ‘Drunk enough’ says Holloway Sherborne?
                            (bad joke)
                        Well, now, I know it’s serious.

           Holloway gets up and wanders to the GIANT MAP still strung up 
           along the tent wall.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Reckon we can get Braddock’s body back to 
                        port before he begins to decay?

                                 BURNS
                            (admonishing)
                        Captain.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Apologies for the lack of decorum, 
                        gallows humor I suppose.
                            (turning to them)
                        We will retreat at first light.

                                 GEORGE
                        Holloway, they’ll cut us down by inches-- 
                        we’ll die in dribs and drabs all the way 
                        to the Shenandoah-- if they slow us down 
                        beyond a week-- we’ll starve-- no one 
                        will leave these woods alive.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        The alternative?

           George gets to his feet, circling to his old friend.

                                 GEORGE
                        When this war started, I thought it was 
                        opportunity. But this is blood soaked mud 
                        and mangled limbs and tattered courage 
                        strung along by good friends and bad 
                        luck.
                                 (MORE)
                                 GEORGE (CONT'D)
                            (beat)
                        Holloway, if you retreat, you’ll have to 
                        retreat all the way back to England.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I plan to!
                            (to George)
                        I’ve had enough of being sniped at from 
                        behind rocks and trees. Scalping officers 
                        like savages. Where’s the honor in that?
                            (to Burns)
                        These French fight like they grew up 
                        around campfires with the natives.
                            (to Ellsworth)
                        We’ll figure out a way to get back into 
                        the war on the Continent. Win our 
                        advancements there.

                                 GEORGE
                        The farmers in the militia can’t become 
                        fishermen upon the sea when the French 
                        push them into it-- Pennsylvania and 
                        Carolina and Massachusetts are English 
                        sovereign soil-- you’d abandon us!
                            (beat)
                        We cannot yield.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (shrugs)
                        Perhaps Colonel Legirny has some French 
                        wine we can-

                                 GEORGE
                        Holloway?!

                                 HOLLOWAY
                            (enough)
                        We surrender... at dawn. 

           GEORGE PUNCHES him. Holloway goes down hard.

           The others restrain George-- for the second time in his short 
           career he’s struck a superior officer.

           Holloway gets up-- shoves George away from him-- and moves 
           for the exit.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                            (spiteful)
                        I fought for you to get a commission. 
                            (scoffs)
                        ‘A man of the Crown’?! Your dream died 
                        with General Braddock, George. It’s over.
                                 BURNS
                        There can’t be four dozen left in the 
                        fort after today, sir--

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        And yet another frontal assault seems 
                        prudent to you, Corporal? It’s 
                        impregnable-- impossible.
                            (waving absently at the 
                              map)
                        Or have you grown gills and plan to swim 
                        the Allegheny. 
                            (beat)
                        We’re surrendering as soon as it’s light 
                        enough for them to see a white flag. 
                        Those are my orders.

           He exits.

           The others slump back into chairs around the table. George 
           moves absently toward the map. 

           George traces his hand along the MAP.

           HILLS rise underneath his fingers. HOLLOWS dip and weave. 
           TREES sprout from the paper. He’s doing that thing again.

           The MAP is coming alive.

           ON GEORGE: closes his eyes-- willing himself to see the 
           landscape. FISH jump from the Monongahela-- diving and 
           jumping again-- toward the Ohio Forks. 

                                 GEORGE
                        The Allegheny is too wide, but the 
                        Monongahela... It’s too fast-- the water 
                        is too fast.

                                 BURNS
                        Pardon?

                                 GEORGE
                        Gills wouldn’t help you, Burns.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        Come now, George, be serious.

           George doesn’t reply-- his fingers trace the rivers.

                                 GEORGE
                        I surveyed every corner of this point.
                            (beat)
                        You can see it for what it is. The 
                        linchpin of this continent.
                                 (MORE)
                                 GEORGE (CONT'D)
                            (beat)
                        But the fort is weaker on the riverside, 
                        the walls half as thick. The engineers 
                        never thought it would be needed...

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        So... we’re back to gills?

           George’s eyes open-- he smiles.

                                 GEORGE
                        The water is too fast to swim-- 
                        especially with the weight of weapons-- 
                        but the riverbed-- the riverbed is just 
                        two feet deeper than the average man’s 
                        height.

           They look baffled.

                                 ELLSWORTH
                        So we can’t swim it and we can’t cross 
                        it?

                                 GEORGE
                        No. We can’t.

           EXT. COMMAND TENT - NIGHT

           A small KEY GROUP of BRITISH REGULARS and MILITIA MEN are 
           gathered around. Everyone exchanges doubtful glances.

                                 GEORGE
                        ...we’ll just need a few stepping stones.

                                 WILLIAMS
                        And what makes you think we’d follow this 
                        fool plan of yours, sir?
                            (beat)
                        Ain’t like you’ve got officers or 
                        cannons... or lashings at the ready?

           George looks around: sure enough, the redcoats seem as 
           uncertain as the militia.

                                 GEORGE
                        I-- you-- we all lost a friend in 
                        Sergeant Gage. I won’t risk more blood 
                        and death-- yours or mine-- for nothing.
                            (beat)
                        Maybe we surrender and draw mercy from 
                        our enemy or maybe we retreat and hope 
                        not to die being picked off one-by-one, 
                        the same way we came in.
                                 (MORE)
                                 GEORGE (CONT'D)
                            (beat)
                        Nothing I’ve seen thus far suggests 
                        they’ll change their tactics and suddenly 
                        treat us with decency-- how about you? 
                        You think they’ll just let us walk away? 
                        We’re cut off-- bloody and bruised and 
                        dying, gentlemen. And if they win... 
                        they’ll do the same to our homes-- our 
                        families.
                            (beat)
                        We can’t go home. Not to Virginia. Not to 
                        England. We can’t go home because home 
                        lies through that fort!

           All eyes are on him. George gathers himself and steam: 
           standing taller, speaking to men he would lead... cool head, 
           dauntless heart, iron will... becoming the greatest of good 
           men and the best of great men.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        We stand upon the precipice of history.
                            (beat)
                        The soldiers in that fort serve a tyrant-- 
                        from across an ocean-- in a language-- 
                        for a reason-- which we don’t understand. 
                        Despite our misgivings about fighting for 
                        any King, even ours...
                            (beat)
                        We have one small chance here. One small 
                        chance to speak with a single voice to 
                        those who would rule us-- to the world-- 
                        that a threat made upon our selves, our 
                        families, our homes, and our liberty... 
                        shall not be endured.
                            (beat)
                        Some people believe that discipline is 
                        the soul of an army.

           George finds Holloway in the background-- listening 
           skeptically. Then he notices Jack, the deserter...

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        But Sergeant Gage believed the soul of an 
                        army is the individual-- the man on the 
                        line who dares the charge. Will we dare 
                        this charge?! Will we defy the history of 
                        tyrants to protect ourselves and our home 
                        in this great new world? Because if we 
                        don’t-- then this New World will be the 
                        same as the Old.
                            (beat)
                        We stand upon the precipice of history, 
                        gentlemen... and I say we jump.
           EXT. HILL OVER THE MONONGAHELA RIVER - NIGHT

           George is on the hill overlooking the river, beyond it-- lit 
           by campfires inside-- is Fort Duquesne.

           Ellsworth and Burns crawl up beside him.

                                 GEORGE
                        Ready?

                                 BURNS
                        As we’ll ever be.

           Holloway creeps up-- they all look surprised.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        This plan only works if every man-- 
                        individual-- dares the charge.

                                 GEORGE
                        Glad you’re here.

           He slides down the hill, tossing back to Burns:

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Tell the armorer, I’ll take that brace 
                        coat now, Corporal Burns.

           EXT. BANKS OF THE MONONGAHELA - NIGHT

           George is in shadows on the riverbank. It’s a STEEP HILLSIDE 
           that runs directly into the river, which is about twenty feet 
           across.

           He wears a shirt and over it a WAISTCOAT with TWO PISTOLS 
           holstered under each arm. In the middle: like a TERRIFYING 
           CREST: is his HATCHET... shining in the dark-- razor sharp 
           and ready.

           Burns offers him his REDCOAT. George struggles to get it on 
           over the waistcoat-- there’s no way. He tosses it into some 
           bushes.

                                 GEORGE
                        Red never suited me anyway.

           He WHISTLES into the woods. DOZENS of MEN appear-- silently 
           out of the background.

           Burns disappears for a beat and then brings forward GEORGE 
           (the stallion).
                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Take off all their saddles, every ounce 
                        counts. Powder and shot only.

           George signals with a WAVE to Ellsworth above them.

           OUT OF THE DARK HILL and BRUSH: roll small BOULDERS-- big 
           enough to crush a man’s foot-- and they roll down the hill 
           and:

           KUR-SPLUNK and SPLASH into the river.

           Two REGULARS rush forward with a long, flat piece of TIMBER 
           and place it on a BOULDER at the riverbank as THREE OTHER 
           REGULARS launch a dozen smaller BOULDERS down.

           The BOULDERS roll up and off the TIMBER and land halfway 
           across the river-- more land even farther across.

                                 BURNS
                            (re: French)
                        They don’t hear us?

                                 GEORGE
                        They don’t expect us... 

           Three more volleys of BOULDERS come down the hill and SPLASH 
           into the river-- sinking to its bed-- raising the bed enough.

           ON GEORGE: WHISTLES and waves: FORWARD!

           He mounts his horse and waits-- but nothing happens.

           He won’t wait longer.

           He spurs George in the sides and the two LEAP-- splashing 
           down-- into the fast Monongahela.

           At first, the stallion SINKS, George is up to his ankles.

           Knees.

           Thighs.

           The water rushes over his waist.

           ON GEORGE (the horse): he sputters, foundering in the water.

           ON GEORGE the man: a born horseman-- upright, unflinching.

           ON ELLSWORTH: watching worried, at George’s horse lurching 
           across-- swimming-- stammering and snorting.
           PLUNGE BENEATH THE WATER: Each hoof struggles to find 
           footing, treading water-- struggling-- we wait with baited 
           breathe until.......

           SHWTHACK-- steel horseshoe finds hard rock.

           SNAP TO GEORGE: They surge forward through the current-- Man 
           and beast together-- finding footing and a swelling 
           confidence.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Forward!

           He’s smiling, courageous, unyielding-- he’ll cross the 
           Delaware this way someday-- he looks back, just as:

           HOLLOWAY, BURNS, AND ELLSWORTH: spur their horses and...

           SPLASH into the bracing, icy, fast current, their horses 
           sinking to their chests-- rushing forward in the water.

           Each HORSE has a thin ROPE tied around it’s chest-- that ROPE 
           reaches back to the far bank-- each horse and his rider 
           carries it closer to the foreign shore... Each rider creating 
           a ROPE LINE TO THE FRENCH SIDE.

           It seems an eternity, but seconds stretch out in battle-- and 
           suddenly on the closest fort wall:

           LIGHT appears and SHOUTS in French are screamed.

           ON GEORGE: He splashes out of the water below Fort Duquesne 
           just as the first SHOTS ring out from above.

           They go wide, missing him and his mount, as George looses the 
           KNOT around the stallion’s neck and lassos the small STUMP 
           that serves as a HITCH to tie up boats ON THE rocky shore. 

           The lasso lands and the KNOT CINCHES TAUT. The ROPE pops up 
           from the river: revealing it goes all the way, shore-to-
           shore, they have a crossing-- a beachhead established.

           ON GEORGE: not waiting. He spurs George and they charge the 
           short ten yards toward a REAR DOOR-- for carrying the laundry 
           and refuse to the river-- and off-loading the supplies 
           ferried by boats. It’s wide enough for four men...

           Or one STALLION. George pulls hard back on the reins and his 
           beautiful white horse rears his legs and KICKS:

           BLASTING OPEN the back door to this once impregnable fort.

           ON ELLSWORTH: he clears the water, his horses staggering up 
           the riverbed, pulling HIS ROPE along.
           FARTHER BACK IN THE DARK: 

           Holloway’s horse is lost-- kicking-- DROWNING-- as it fights 
           it’s way toward death at the Fork of the Ohio-- no one said 
           this would be easy or perfect.

           ON HOLLOWAY: he leaps from his horse into the water, swimming 
           back to the far side, his horse thrashing and being carried 
           away in the current.

           Holloway makes it the shore-- out of breathe and soaking as:

           OUT OF THE WOODS ON THE FAR SIDE: Regulars and Militia pour 
           from the forest hills, plunging into the WATER.

           Williams is the first to grab at the ropes and begin hauling 
           himself across. 

           The others pull themselves across-- some have CARVED DUGOUTS 
           from trees, others manhandle their way across. A rough bunch 
           of MEN are emerging into Fort Duquesne’s weak spot.

           INT. FORT DUQUESNE - CONTINUOUS

           ON GEORGE: as he and his stallion-- fracturing the door-- 
           ride in and meets little resistance.

           The French are stunned... and Burns was right... there aren’t 
           many of the enemy left... four dozen or so.

           George draws a PISTOL and fires. A FRENCH REGULAR drops. 
           George is already wheeling, flipping the pistol in his hands, 
           CLOCKING another REGULAR.

           WIDE: Suddenly, the French spring into action-- pouring FIRE 
           into the belly of the fort at him-- just as:

           Ellsworth rides in behind him-- FIRING.

           ON GEORGE: Half a dozen REGULARS surge forward toward him. 
           His stallion REARS-- kicking out at them.

           They all FIRE at point blank range-- BULLETS tearing into the 
           beautiful white coat-- BLOOD ejecting out of muscles and 
           horse flesh.

           The great horse CRASHES into the French mud beneath George.

           George’s leg is stuck beneath his horse-- he’s about to 
           suffer the same fate as Fry-- French soldiers charge him.
           A FRENCH REGULAR has a bayonet inches away from George’s 
           throat-- almost plunging in. George Washington is about to 
           die.

           CRACK! The Regular’s NECK snaps-- musket ball ripping through-
           - George spins to see a smoking MUZZLE only a few feet away.

           REVEAL: Jack, the deserter, still aiming, he lowers his 
           weapon. He just saved George Washington.

           Jack races to him-- to pull George free.

                                 JACK
                        The fight is this way, sir.

                                 GEORGE
                            (smiles)
                        Thank you, soldier.

           Burns rushes up. He and Jack wrench George from the fallen 
           stallion. George-- his boot left under the horse-- kicks off 
           the other. 

           He stands-- barefoot-- to stare at his horse-- there’s a cost 
           to being the first through the door-- but he’ll mourn later. 
           He turns to them.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Move!

           Jack and Burns run into the fight.

           George rips his other PISTOL from his WAISTCOAT-- firing at 
           the attacking FRENCH REGULARS... flipping the pistol end over 
           end and CLOCKING others he goes. He grabs a FRENCH FLINTLOCK 
           off the ground-- pushing relentlessly forward.

           ON ELLSWORTH: engaged in hand-to-hand.

           ON HOLLOWAY: as he stumbles into the battle, carrying his 
           SWORD and still breathing heavy. He sees George-- barefoot 
           and raw energy. 

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        A savage.

           Holloway shakes off his torn REDCOAT and prepares to engage.

           THE PLACE IS IN CHAOS, THE BLOODY FOG OF WAR.

           ON GEORGE: grabs a DEAD FRENCHMAN’s SWORD and begins to cut a 
           swathe through these men... 
           DOORS OF FORT DUQUESNE: British and Militia flow into the 
           Fort... surprise... and swift assault. This battle will be 
           won soon.

           ON GEORGE: he strides forward-- BELLOWS at the top of his 
           lungs: 

                                 GEORGE
                            (roaring)
                        Where is Colonel Ligerny, sil vous 
                        plait?!

           And the crowd parts:

           TALL, HANDSOME, SWARTHY-- SWORD in each hand, cigarette in 
           his mouth-- he is French after all... COLONEL LIGERNY steps 
           out to meet our man.

           George draws his HATCHET from his chest-- sword in one hand, 
           hatchet in the other-- back in his element-- the hurricane... 
           He CHARGES.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION, GREAT HALL - EVENING

           The empty wall; not a soul to be found. The great hall is 
           quiet, slowly the SOUNDS of cheers and clapping from outside:

           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION ON THE POTOMAC - EVENING

           Everyone watches as George leads a triumphant, ragtag band of 
           MILITIA MEN, you might call them Minute Men-- up the hill 
           from the river. George is wearing a WHITE SHIRT and a 
           perfectly tailored DEEP BLUE COAT.

           People CLAP, drums BEAT, pipes and flutes PLAY a jolly tune. 
           Near George-- on the outer of the formation-- is Corporal 
           Burns. The enormous Scotsman carries what looks like a ROLLED 
           CARPET over his shoulder.

                                 GEORGE
                        Company, halt!

           The men stop.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Company... salute!

           The men all turn in unison to Governor Dinwiddie at the top 
           of the hill, where he stands next to Lady Dinwiddie. They 
           snap a crisp salute with their FLINTLOCKS and then place them 
           back to their shoulders.
           The Governor descends the short distance to George-- he 
           extends his hand and George shakes it.

                                 GOVERNOR
                        Always good to see you, Mister 
                        Washington... now these are better 
                        circumstances.

                                 GEORGE
                        What’s left of General Braddock’s corps 
                        will be reinforced before the week’s end 
                        via Pennsylvania-- the French are beaten, 
                        Governor-- the war is over-- at least 
                        here in the colonies.

           Governor Dinwiddie beams and turns-- motioning to a STAFFER 
           nearby-- before turning back to the militia.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        Welcome home, gentlemen!
                            (beat)
                        We are grateful for your defense of 
                        Virginia-- for all the American colonies. 
                        And I have a small reward-- your leader 
                        in battle... shall become your leader in 
                        peace.

           The STAFFER hands over George’s RED SASH and SWORD and the 
           Governor presents them to George.

                                 GOVERNOR
                            (to the crowd)
                        Colonel Washington. Commander of the 
                        Virginia Militia.

           The crowd ERUPTS in cheers and clapping. George swings the 
           sash and sword over his shoulder and turns to wave. 

           He’s now quite literally wearing red, white and blue.

                                 GEORGE
                        Company, dismissed!

           CHEERS from the men. George shakes hands with Williams and 
           Jack the deserter and a half dozen other MILITIA MEN.

           Finally, he turns back to the Governor-- nodding to Corporal 
           Burns nearby.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        And I believe this map belongs to you, 
                        Governor...
           Burns comes forward with the giant carpet: now we realize 
           it’s the GREAT MAP.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        I’ve updated it-- we’ve made some 
                        additions to the western territories...

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION ON THE POTOMAC - EVENING

           George is surrounded by a throng of eligible LADIES. Their 
           eager mothers and fathers watching-- hoping that the hero of 
           Fort Dusquene will take a liking to their progeny. Behind him 
           the GREAT MAP is being re-hung.

                                 CARTER (O.S.)
                        Give the man some space, poor fellow.

           Sir Charles strides in-- puts his arm around George, turning 
           him towards the map and shooing away the frustrated Ladies. 

                                 CARTER (CONT’D)
                        Give me the highlights upon the map 
                        there. The ladies aren’t the only ones 
                        eager to hear of your victory, Georgie.

                                 MARTHA (O.S.)
                        No, they’re not.

           The men turn to find Martha in a GREEN DRESS-- a single pearl 
           choker around her neck. She is beguiling.

                                 CARTER
                        The Widow Custis, if you’re looking for 
                        your surveyor he’s right here, if you’re 
                        looking for a change in your case, the 
                        magistrate-- my old friend of Charlestown-
                        - is arriving tomorrow.

                                 GEORGE
                        Actually, I met him on my way down the 
                        river tonight. We had a wonderful chat.

           George glances at the map-- traces the Rappahanock-- the way 
           he did the first time with Martha.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Five thousand acres of good soil along 
                        the Rappahannock River...

                                 CARTER
                        And nearly half of it thirsty. I’d make 
                        an honorable woman of you, Martha.
                                 MARTHA
                        No. You wouldn’t.

                                 GEORGE
                        No, most certainly not. 
                            (beat)
                        Sir Charles, as you so kindly asked about 
                        my victory at Fort Duquesne, let me tell 
                        you the key highlight... I realized I had 
                        forgotten one last section of the ground: 
                        the riverbed.
                            (beat)
                        Thinking on my mistake, I realized I’d 
                        made another-
                            (to Martha)
                        -with your survey, ma’am.
                            (to Charles)
                        But you made a worse one.

           Off his face:

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        As I told the magistrate-- the tributary 
                        in question turns upon a large rock-- a 
                        marble table jutting out into the river 
                        bed-- from there it flows directly east 
                        to the Rappahanock. I sat upon that rock 
                        and found that Missus Custis’ side was 
                        running dry... nature had favored you.
                            (off Carter’s smug look)
                        But it didn’t, did it, Carter?
                            (beat)
                        Imagine the magistrate’s surprise when I 
                        told him I suspected you of dredging 
                        it... 

           George’s hand traces the GREAT MAP... one last touch of his 
           wizardry: his vision gives way to CHARCOAL on PARCHMENT: it’s 
           George sitting on the table rock-- clumps of mud and grass on 
           the far side of the river-- just as Carter rides up.

                                 GEORGE (V.O.) (CONT’D) 
                        Little telltale clumps of mud and grass 
                        upon your side of the bank... slowly 
                        driving the river your way... 

           BACK TO SCENE:

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        Criminal work you went out to inspect 
                        when I saw you-- the day you made excuse 
                        that you were off to see the fleet at 
                        anchor-- the fleet in the opposite 
                        direction of your ride.
           Carter may be hung but will not capitulated.

                                 CARTER
                        I doubt the magistrate will be swayed in 
                        court as much as he was in your riverside 
                        chat, Georgie.

                                 GEORGE
                        He seemed swayed when I told him that the 
                        ‘Hero of Fort Duquesne’ would be 
                        testifying as a witness for the innocent 
                        widow whom his friend was trying to run 
                        off her land. I even suggested that the 
                        reporters down from Philadelphia wanting 
                        my interview-- might find me in best form 
                        in his chambers the day of his 
                        deliberation.
                            (beat)
                        Look around, Carter, how much longer do 
                        you think Virginian blood is going to 
                        defend the Crown’s interest?

           Carter-- livid and done-- doesn’t utter another word; he just 
           turns on his heels and stalks away. George turns to Martha.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        I was wrong-- what I said to you that day 
                        on your farm, Missus Custis.
                            (beat)
                        You’re not an ‘account’. 
                            (beat)
                        You are an eternal summer’s day.

           He lifts and kisses her hand.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        I did so enjoy your letters, ma’am. 

           He moves away, leaving Martha to look after him.

           INT. DINING ROOM - LATER

           George is seated next to his first date: Lilianna. But this 
           time-- instead of studying her carrots-- she’s engrossed in 
           giggles and suggestive flirting.

                                 LILIANNA
                        My goodness, sir, a hatchet? I think I 
                        might faint at the sight of it-- when can 
                        I see it?
                                 MARTHA (O.S.)
                        I wonder, Lilianna, if you wouldn’t mind 
                        trading places with me for a bit? I’m 
                        afraid there’s a bit of a draft near the 
                        front...

                                 LILIANNA
                        No, no. I’m quite comfortable here, thank 
                        you, Missus Custis.

           Lady Dinwiddie drifts by on cue.

                                 LADY DINWIDDIE
                        Lilianna, you’d turn down a chance to sit 
                        next to me? How disappointing.

           Lilianna-- abashed-- goes. George stands.

                                 MARTHA
                        Always standing, when I mean to sit.

           Martha faces him.

                                 MARTHA (CONT’D)
                        Isn’t it time you married me for my 
                        money?

                                 GEORGE
                        You’re cash poor.
                            (beat)
                        And you don’t need a husband.

                                 MARTHA
                        But I’d like a partner.

           He smiles. Their eyes meet and a deal is struck. He glances 
           around.

                                 GEORGE
                        Propriety restrains me.

                                 MARTHA
                        Not me.

           She leans into him for the KISS that will last for all time.

           Down the table:

           Lady Dinwiddie clocks them and then smiles at her husband, 
           who in turn winks back at her.
           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION - SUNSET

           The party is winding down. GUESTS and disappointed young 
           LADIES climb into CARRIAGES and BUCKBOARD WAGONS.

           A few MILITIA MEN laugh and drink from large BEER MUGS as 
           they play poker on the veranda-- intent on closing the place 
           down.

           INT. LIBRARY, GOVERNOR’S MANSION - CONTINUOUS

           It’s a large, oak panelled room, filled to bursting with the 
           multi-colored bindings of so many books.

           There are large BLUEPRINTS and SKETCHES of the new Virginia 
           public library. A grand building, appropriate to the 
           burgeoning new world. On the facade, to be etched in marble, 
           are the words: 

                                 GEORGE
                        ‘The Commonwealth requires the education 
                        of the people as the safeguard of 
                        Liberty.’

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        We broke ground while you were securing 
                        our future in the territories, Colonel. 

           Governor Dinwiddie moves to a nearby SHELF as George hands 
           him the THUCYDIDES book. 

                                 GEORGE
                            (re: book)
                        I tried to pass it on, Governor, but some 
                        people prefer bottles to books.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        What did you learn?

                                 GEORGE
                        Page 97. ‘The secret of happiness is 
                        freedom, and the secret to freedom...
                            (beat)
                        Is courage.’

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        And what did you learn at Duquesne?

                                 GEORGE
                        That men follow leaders not the lash.
                            (beat)
                        And even the most powerful empire and 
                        military in the world can be defeated.
           The Governor smiles and places the book in its proper place.

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        When the building is done, I intend to 
                        donate the entirety of my collection... 
                        Soon this colony will have a garden and a 
                        library... 

           At this, George casts a glance over at Martha-- chatting near 
           the library doors with Lady Dinwiddie-- 

                                 GEORGE
                        ...And then we shall have all we need.

           Governor Dinwiddie plucks another BOOK from the shelf and 
           hands it to him.

                                 GEORGE (CONT’D)
                        More Greek?

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        Archimedes. ‘Give me a lever long enough 
                        and a fulcrum upon which to place it and 
                        I shall move the world.’

                                 GEORGE
                        And I am to be your lever?

                                 GOVERNOR DINWIDDIE
                        And this colony-- its militia-- the 
                        fulcrum.
                            (beat)
                        This New World is not the Old, George. We 
                        must be prepared to fight and defend what 
                        we’ve built... even if it’s from England.
                            (beat)
                        The redcoats are quartering soldiers in 
                        our homes now. Parliament is authorizing 
                        new taxes. How long before we need a 
                        lever and fulcrum?

                                 HOLLOWAY (O.S.)
                        George Washington?!

           George reaches out and shakes the Governor’s hand.

                                 GEORGE
                        Thank you, Governor.

           He moves for the door.
           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION, GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS

           Martha says her goodbye to Lady Dinwiddie and takes George’s 
           arm as he exits the library.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Where is George?!

           Captain Holloway Sherborne-- dressed in full RED UNIFORM--  
           approaches from the entrance. He’s waving a sealed ENVELOPE 
           in his hand.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        Or should I say Captain George 
                        Washington...

                                 GEORGE
                        May I present my fiance Martha. I’m just 
                        about to escort her home, Holloway.

           Holloway-- surprised-- bows and kisses Martha’s hand.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        A pleasure, ma’am.

           She and George are already moving for the front door. 

           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION ON THE POTOMAC - SUNSET

           George and Martha emerge and head toward a nearby BUCKBOARD 
           WAGON. A baffled Holloway hurries to keep up.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        I secured your commission-- least His 
                        Majesty’s Army-- least I-- could do for 
                        the ‘Hero of Fort Duquesne.’

                                 MARTHA
                        Too late, Captain, he’s already got quite 
                        a busy schedule.

           Martha winks at George as she steps up into the wagon.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        George?! What the bloody hell is going 
                        on?! Didn’t you hear me?

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes. I heard you.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        Captain Washington. His Majesty’s Royal 
                        Army. Dreams do come true, my friend.
                                 GEORGE
                        I found a different dream, Holloway.

           Finally, Holloway clocks George’s red, white and blue 
           uniform.

                                 HOLLOWAY
                        The colonial militia?! Are you joking? 
                        You could be an officer of the British 
                        Empire!

           George boards the wagon; takes Martha’s hand.

                                 HOLLOWAY (CONT’D)
                        You’ve done it! You can be a man...
                            (beat)
                        Of the Crown!

                                 GEORGE
                        I cannot, sir. 
                            (beat)
                        I’m already a man... of Virginia.

           George snaps the REINS of the wagon’s HORSE-- drawing away-- 
           leaving Holloway, the British Army and history behind. 

           Holloway stunned-- stares agape for...

           A long beat as the young American couple ride off together 
           into the sunset.

           Then ever so slowly, we move past Holloway, back into the 
           mansion, twisting by the last of the GUESTS saying farewell 
           to the Governor and Lady Dinwiddie... And finally... in the 
           great hall... finding:

           THE GIANT MAP... slowly it grows-- expanding-- charcoal 
           etches the rest of the colonies, their borders and names 
           appear:

           Maryland. Pennsylvania. New York.

           Charcoal TEXT POPS UP: Twelve years later he was unanimously 
           elected to lead the Continental Army in the American 
           Revolution. 

           ON THE MAP: New Jersey... as the Delaware River appears and 
           Washington (slightly older) crosses in famous style: small 
           icebergs, boats, American soldiers and the American flag. 

           TEXT: On Christmas Day 1776, he crossed the Delaware River 
           and outflanked the enemy and changed the course of the war.
           MAP: Moving by several states and to the southern coast and: 
           Lord Cornwallis surrenders to Washington.

           TEXT: At Yorktown he defeated the British Empire for good and 
           created a new nation in the New World. 

           MAP: Moving up to New York; Federal Hall appears. George 
           stands on the balcony taking the oath of office. 

           TEXT: In New York he was inaugurated the first President of 
           the United States of America. 

           MAP: Back to the tidewater of the Chesapeake and Mount 
           Vernon... it might look just like the Governor’s mansion... 

           TEXT: George Washington was the lever that moved the world. 
           And when he finally retired, he and Martha returned to their 
           beloved home of Mount Vernon in Virginia.

           SNAP OUT OF MAP AND TO: 

           INT/EXT. MOUNT VERNON/GOVERNOR’S MANSION - EVENING

           In the great hall, now EMPTY, then winding through and 
           outside to a huge July 4th PARTY overlooking the Potomac:

           Americana: Martha, a large FAMILY, and GUESTS eat barbecue 
           and enjoy a BAND amidst American FLAGS and FIREWORKS in the 
           beautiful twilight of an eternal summer day. 

           Watching all this-- contented with the world he’s created-- 
           is our MAN:

           Now the man from the dollar bill, white wigged, stately 
           dressed-- universally recognizable-- the man immortalized on 
           money and monuments. GEORGE WASHINGTON.

                                                             FADE OUT.

                                         THE END
