                        The contents of this document are 
                              private & confidential

                 SNOWTOWN

                                 Written by  
                                 Shaun Grant

                                  Story By 
                                Shaun Grant
                                     &
                               Justin Kurzel

                              Inspired by the Books 
                    Killing For Pleasure by Debi Marshall
                                     &
                    The Snowtown Murders by Andrew McGarry

                        Shooting Script(Blue second amendments)

                                  June 14th 2010

                           Developed with the assistance of
                              Warp Films Australia
                                     &
                                Film Victoria 

                        Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                               australia@warpfilms.com
           INT. CAR (MOVING) - DAY

           We open on a dry barren landscape as several large statues 
           pass by; a giant cockroach, a UFO, a rat.  

           We hold still on the horizon where the golden wheat fields 
           meet the clear blue sky. 

           Over the image we hear the voice of JAMIE VLASSAKIS, 18. 

                                 JAMIE (V.O.)
                        I keep having this dream where I 
                        wake up in my bed and all I can 
                        hear is this yapping. I go in the 
                        hall and I see this bloke sitting 
                        in a chair. He’s got a baseball cap 
                        on and his head’s down so I can’t 
                        see his face. I yell at him but the 
                        guy won’t look at me and the 
                        yapping’s getting louder and 
                        louder. I walk down and say ‘hey 
                        mate are you alright?’ But he just 
                        sits there, says nothing. I lift 
                        his head up with my hands and he’s 
                        got this cut across his neck, it 
                        looks like a big fucking mouth. I 
                        lean down closer and I see this 
                        Chihuahua sitting inside his neck 
                        looking back at me yapping, yapping 
                        at me.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           A lounge suite, a coffee table and a television, are the 
           only items of furniture in the room. 

           The walls are bare but lining the floor along one wall are 
           glazed and unglazed ceramic pots and handmade dolls.

           Jamie watches television on the couch. 

                                                            CUT TO:

           With his back to CAMERA, Jamie sleeps on a couch.

                                                            CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET - LATER

           Along a busy street Jamie and GAVIN PORTER, 28, a gaunt and 
           slovenly man, sit on a curb watching the traffic pass by.

                                                            CUT TO:

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. SHOPPING MALL - LATER

           Jamie and Gavin look on as a TODDLER enjoys a ride on a 
           coin operated plane. 

           INT. HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           The room is cave-like with only a slither of light piercing 
           through the heavy curtains.

           A hoard of CHILDREN lounge about on couches gathered around 
           a television. 

           One sleeps on the floor.

           One drinks from a wine cask.

           One removes a packet of cigarettes from his T-Shirt.

           One rifles through a chip packet.

           The room is crammed with over ten PEOPLE and almost as many 
           ANIMALS - CATS, DOGS and even a BLUE-TONGUED LIZARD which 
           sits on the lap of a KID with a plated rat’s tail. 

           He fails in his attempt to feed it some discarded chicken.  

           Jamie’s older brother, TROY YOUDE, 18, grips a bong made 
           from a discarded soft drink bottle. His long legs are 
           stretched across the coffee table.  

           Beside Troy, NICHOLAS VLASSAKIS, 8, is being kissed by a 
           FIFTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL. 

           ALEX VLASSAKIS, 13, and Gavin busy themselves on the floor 
           by playing double dragon.

           INT. HOUSE/BEDROOM - DAY

           CLOSE on Jamie’s face as he lay on a Queen size bed. 

           Below him the corner of the fitted sheet has slipped to 
           reveal the mattress.

           Jamie appears awkward, nervous.

           GIRL, 14, has her mousey hair pulled tight in a ponytail. 

           Her hand is down the front of Jamie’s tracksuit pants as 
           she slides it up and down his penis. 

           The girl sits on the edge of the bed wearing only a T-
           shirt. 

           CLOSE on wet open mouthed kiss. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           She stops.

                                 GIRL
                        You don’t kiss very good. 

           Jamie doesn’t answer.

           She kisses him again.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - DAY

           Two shopping trolleys, full of groceries, are pushed down 
           the centre of the road side by side. 

           Behind one is ELIZABETH HARVEY, 41, a woman who’s face has 
           aged well before its time. Behind the other is JEFFERY 
           PAYNE, 42, a sun weathered gentlemen with leathery skin. 

           EXT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE - LATER

           SLAM. The sound of metal on metal rings out as two shopping 
           trolleys come crashing together. 

           Alex and Troy are playing chicken with the trolleys outside 
           their home. Their house looks like any other; white brick, 
           corrugated iron roof, heavy blinds. 

           Inside each trolley resides a terrified stray DOG. 

           Jamie, Gavin and Nicholas watch on from the curb.

           On the other side of the road...

           EXT. JEFFERY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           ... Elizabeth and Jeffery take in the action from the 
           verandah of his dilapidated residence. 

           Elizabeth sits in a deck chair while Jeffery views from his 
           vinyl recliner, surrounded by piles of faded newspapers. 
           His ashtray dwells next to him on a wooden side table. 

           They look on as the boys continue to entertain themselves.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           Elizabeth sits at a table, in front of her is large plastic 
           tub filled with different types of prescription medication. 

           One at a time Elizabeth removes the containers and pops the 
           coloured tablets inside a plastic tray, which is labelled 
           with the days of the week.   

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Having entered from the lounge, Jamie searches through the 
           pantry and fridge for food.  

           Nicholas rushes in being chased by Alex.  

           Eventually Alex catches him and they start to wrestle.

                                 NICHOLAS
                        Mum get him off me!

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (annoyed)
                        Alex get off him. Come here both 
                        of you.

           Elizabeth pops the cap from a container and slides two 
           pills into her hand.

           She hands one to Alex and one to his younger brother.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Now go.

           The boys swallow the tablets and do as asked.

           Jamie sits and watches his mother for a moment before 
           reaching across the table and helping himself to a Vicadin.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - LATER

           Troy and Jamie watch television atop separate bean bags.

           Behind them, Alex and Nicholas are asleep on the couch.

           In the adjoining kitchen we can see Elizabeth making thumb 
           pots at the table with Jeffery. 

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/ELIZABETH’S BEDROOM - MORNING

           Elizabeth wakes underneath her sheets to find MARCUS 
           JOHNSON, 42, bald and pint-sized, staring back at her.  

           He greets her with a smile and a coffee.

           She is less than enthused as he goes on to express his 
           desire for them to reunite and work at their relationship.

           Marcus is unaware that his act of desperation is being 
           viewed in the doorway by his disapproving son, David.

           David appears different from the other boys. There’s an air 
           of confidence about him, a pride in his presentation. His 
           sneakers are newer, his T-shirts are emblazoned with the 
           coolest brands, his jeans are fitted. 

           Tiring of watching his father’s fawning, David soon leaves.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/JAMIE’S BEDROOM - MORNING

           David finds Jamie sleeping in a single bed. On the other 
           side of the room is an empty bed and a meager drum kit. 

           He walks into the room and places himself at the drums and 
           begins using the kick pedal to bang the bass drum.

           Jamie stirs.

           Paying no attention to Jamie, David happily pounds the 
           sticks into the snare and cymbals in an attempt to 
           entertain himself.  

           Annoyed, Jamie rolls over, turning his back on David. 

           INT. CENTRELINK - DAY

           Elizabeth waits for her welfare payment in a sterile foyer. 

           Above her, a clock shows time slowly passing.

           In the queue behind her we see; MEN in their early 
           twenties, SINGLE MOTHERS whose CHILDREN play at their feet 
           and a MAN ranting about nothing to no one in particular.     

           EXT. CENTRELINK - DAY

           A cigarette burns down close to the filter.

           Jamie takes one last drag before tossing it. 

           Jamie sits outside the Centrelink waiting, behind him Alex 
           and Nicholas tap a tennis ball back and forth.

           Their attention is with ROBERT WAGNER, 23, a tattooed hulk 
           of a man with closely cropped strawberry blonde hair. 

           He is hunched over at a bus stop across the street.  

           Tied to the bench below him is a small Alsatian.   

           Robert leans over pulling strange faces at the dog in an 
           attempt to rile him.  

           The Alsatian begins to growl. 

           Robert growls back. 

           It bares its teeth and Robert mimics it again. 

           The dog begins to bark and Robert immediately begins 
           barking and howling hysterically. 

           Boring of this, Robert stops himself and takes one more 
           look at the canine before spitting on its face.  

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Saliva is stretched across the Alsatian’s eyes.

           Robert looks up to see the boys looking at him.

           INT. TAVERN - NIGHT

           A long line of Pokie machines in a smoke filled room.

           At the end of the row, Elizabeth continually presses the 
           button on her machine. She barely allows time to see if she’s 
           won before pressing it again, it’s monotonous. 

           EXT. TAVERN - NIGHT

           Jamie, Alex and Nicholas now wait for their mother outside 
           the entrance to the tavern. 

           They are soon joined by two slightly older TEENAGERS. 

                                 TEENAGER
                        Can you rap?

                                 JAMIE
                        No.

                                 TEENAGER
                        Yes you can.

           He spits.

                                 TEENAGER (CONT’D)
                        Hear this hey.

           The TEENAGER covers his mouth with his hands and commences 
           beat boxing. Jamie is unimpressed by the amateurish sounds. 

                                 TEENAGER (CONT’D)
                        Know what that is?

           Jamie doesn’t.

                                 TEENAGER (CONT’D)
                        Eye of the Tiger, you hear it.

           TEENAGER does it again.

                                 TEENAGER (CONT’D)
                        Go on you try.

           Jamie attempts it and is only slightly better.

                                 TEENAGER
                            (enthused)
                        Fuck yeah you’re good.

           They exchange a high five.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. MAIN NORTH ROAD - DAY

           Jeffery and Jamie carry a heavy couch alongside a busy road. 

           Alex and Nicholas follow, smashing rocks with metal steaks as 
           they go.

           Jeffery waits for a break in the traffic. Seeing one, he 
           moves quickly to usher the couch and the boys across. 

           INT. JEFFERY’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           A cluttered, unkempt room.

           An overflowing ash tray.

           Jeffery dishes up four bowls of pasta on the kitchen bench.

           In the adjoining lounge room, Jamie flicks through the 
           channels with a television remote. 

           Alex and Nicholas, sit on the new couch eating potato chips 
           and waiting for the screen to settle on a station.

           INT. JEFFERY’S HOUSE - SPARE ROOM - NIGHT

           A dispirited Nicholas stands against a stark white wall, 
           his eyes are directed at the floor. 

           There’s a clicking sound.

                                 JEFFERY (O.S.)
                        Turn.

           Nicholas turns to his right, we now see his full profile.

           He wears nothing but his underwear.

           Click.

                                 JEFFERY (O.S.)
                        Okay.

           He turns to face the wall, the line of his spine is evident 
           along his slender frame.

           Click.

                                 JEFFERY (O.S.)
                        Again.

                                                            CUT TO:

           Alex now stands in front of the wall, his hands cover his 
           groin.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Click.

           Alex turns. 

           His underpants are too big for him, they sag in the behind.   

           Click.

                                                            CUT TO:

           A naked Jeffery stands in the centre of the bare room.

           He raises the camera to his face. 

           Click.

                                 JEFFERY
                        Turn.

           Jamie’s expressionless face turns to face Jeffery. 

           Click.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - DAY

           Gavin guides his silver Datsun through the desolate streets 
           without any thought of a destination. 

           Jamie stares out the window. 

           The car slows, before mounting a curb. They get out to...

           EXT. TRUSTING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           ... Make their way down a driveway full of cars. 

           They pass a group of MEN huddled under a bonnet. The group 
           range in age but all stand in silence as they examine the 
           engine, beers in hand.   

           A TEEN sits behind the wheel, revving the engine. 
           Something’s not quite right with it and the sound is 
           piercing as it fills the deserted street.

           Upon reaching the backyard, Jamie finds a group of PRE-
           TEENS gathered around a CD player. 

           An OLDER GROUP convene underneath the back verandah. 

           Moving closer, Jamie finds Troy perched on a dirt bike as 
           his MATE carves a ROCK BAND LOGO into his skin with a 
           compass. Jamie and Gavin stand watching curiously.

           Troy flinches as his mate rubs away the blood, before 
           inspecting a drawing of the logo in his other hand.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. TRUSTING HOUSE/KITCHEN/LOUNGE - CONTINUOUS

           Having entered the house, Jamie and Gavin find more 
           TEENAGERS scattered throughout smoking and drinking.

           A BOY waits for Dim Sims to cook in the microwave. Another 
           hassles a GIRL to show him her breasts. She refuses. 

           Eventually they reach the darkened lounge where a group of 
           stoned BOYS watch pornography on a fuzzy television screen. 

           Jamie sits, collects a homemade bong and pulls a cone.

                                                            CUT TO:

           The room is now pounding to the sounds of HEAVY METAL.

           A mosh pit has formed in the middle of the room. 

           It’s a heaving, sweaty sea of teenagers.

           Troy joins in, immediately lifting its intensity by 
           violently hurling himself into those around him.

           He leaps off the couch and upon landing begins to up turn 
           tables and chairs. 

           Jamie watches.

           The following occurs in silence.

           Jamie joins his brother in trashing the room. 

           The younger boys then follow suit.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - DAY

           Robert and BARRY LANE, 39, an effeminate fellow with long 
           blonde hair, stroll hand in hand. 

           Barry wears an Op-shop dress and thongs. 

           Robert is clad in a tracksuit.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Perched on the floor Jamie and Alex face off in a game of 
           Super Mario Brothers. Nicholas sleeps on a couch. 

           In the adjoining kitchen, Elizabeth is cutting felt for a 
           doll’s dress. 

           She is soon interrupted by a knock at the door.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 BARRY (O.S.)
                            (calling out)
                        Hello anyone home?

           Elizabeth moves to the door and welcomes in her visitors. 

           Barry follows Elizabeth into the kitchen. 

           Robert joins the boys in the lounge, squeezing in next to 
           Nicholas. 

           As Robert views the boy’s game, we overhear Barry. 

           He speaks casually, very matter-of-fact.

                                 BARRY (O.S.)
                        So listen darl, this isn’t going 
                        to be something you want to hear 
                        but I’m gunna tell you anyway, 
                        okay? You’ve got a real dirty 
                        bird across the road there. He’s 
                        been messing around with your 
                        kids right. I know this for a 
                        fact cause he told me that when 
                        he looks after ‘em for you he 
                        touches ‘em, makes them touch 
                        him. You know what I mean?

           Elizabeth sits stone faced as Barry speaks.

                                 BARRY (O.S.)
                        He’s dirty one that Jeffery. I’ve 
                        heard he goes to kiddie auctions 
                        where little ones go up for sale. 

                                 ELIZABETH
                        I think you should leave.

                                 BARRY (O.S.)
                        Alright sweetheart, just thought 
                        you’d want to know is all.

           Barry enters the lounge.

                                 BARRY (CONT’D)
                        Hello boys. I’m Barry.

           Alex and Jamie never divert their eyes from the screen.

                                 BARRY (CONT’D)
                        Have you met my fiance? Jamie, 
                        Alex, this is Robert. 

           The boys give no response.

                                 BARRY (CONT’D)
                        I’ll see you later then boys.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Barry leaves and Robert follows.   

           Jamie focuses on the game as Elizabeth enters the room.

           He can feel his mother’s gaze.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - NIGHT

           Jamie is bathed in the glow of the television screen. 

           On the adjacent couch Elizabeth lies silently.  

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - MORNING

           Elizabeth dishes up bacon and eggs.

           Jamie, Troy, Alex and Nicholas wait at the table.

           She watches them eat.

           Jamie thanks his mother. 

           Elizabeth suddenly exits the kitchen and enters...

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - CONTINUOUS

           ... The lounge.

           She marches through the room and we watch from the window 
           as she walks across the street towards Jeffery, who is 
           relaxing on his recliner. 

           Without warning Elizabeth launches into a wild attack, 
           wailing hysterically as she slaps and kicks him repeatedly. 

           Jeffery closes his eyes and waits for it to end. 

           Eventually, Elizabeth stops and composes herself. 

           She crosses the road and walks back through the lounge, 
           passing the boys who are now huddled by the window and...

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           ... Into the kitchen.

           She takes the phone from the wall and dials.

           Her call is answered.

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (upset)
                        I need to talk to someone about 
                        my boys.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie and his brothers look on from the lounge.

           INT. CHURCH - DAY

           The sound of people singing. 

           The MINISTER passionately leads his flock in a hymn. His 
           CONGREGATION is exiguous, only managing to fill up the 
           first few pews. 

           Jamie sits next to Elizabeth who is singing. On his other 
           side are Alex and Nicholas, none of whom are singing.

           Jamie notices Marcus and David standing across the aisle.

           Jamie’s POV - Elizabeth singing, there is a sense of 
           desperation about her.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - DAY

           Alex and Nicholas ride their bikes around the street. They 
           are watched from the porch by Jamie and Elizabeth.

           A taxi turns the corner into Kilsby Street.

           The two boys are forced off the road as it passes.

           The taxi halts outside Jeffery’s residence.

           They all look on as Jeffery steps out and pays the driver.

           Jeffery makes his way into his home.

           Alex and Nicholas ride onto the front yard and dump their 
           bikes.

           A moment passes before Jeffery exits the front door carrying 
           his camera. 

           He places the camera beside his ashtray and confidently sits 
           in his recliner. 

           Jeffery lights up a cigarette.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Get inside.

           Noting the concern in their mother’s voice, the three boys do 
           as asked.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - NIGHT

           In a dimmed room the family gather around the T.V.

           Nicholas sits close to his mother. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Alex and Jamie are on the beanbags. 

           Jamie stands and makes his way to the window. Pulling back 
           the curtain Jamie looks through the window.

           Across the street the orange glow of a cigarette can be 
           seen as Jeffery draws on his smoke.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Sit down Jamie.

           Jamie closes the curtain and returns to the beanbag.

                                                            CUT TO:

           The television is muted.

           Elizabeth and Nicholas sleep together on a couch.

           Alex sleeps on the other couch. 

           Jamie lies on the floor in front of them all.

           The silence is broken by the sounds of an engine.

           CLOSE on Jamie’s face as he wakes.

           The engine’s revs become louder and more frequent.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - CONTINUOUS

           Opening the front door, Jamie looks across the road to find 
           a leather jacketed MAN standing beside his BMW motorcycle. 

           CLOSE on a hand gripping the throttle, revving it louder. 

           The bike’s head light shines brightly into Jeffery’s 
           bedroom window. 

           The man shouts vitriol at the house however it is drowned 
           out by the revs.

           NEIGHBOURS leave their house to try and quiet the man. 

           He ignores them.

           Jamie is joined by his mother and two younger brothers.

           With no response coming from inside, the man persists.

           He holds the throttle tight, making the sound linger.

           Eventually he turns to spot the Vlassakis family. 

           In the darkness the boys can just see him wave. 

           Nicholas waves back as the revs continue.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/JAMIE’S BEDROOM - MORNING

           Lying in bed Jamie is woken by a bellowing laugh.

           Talking is heard coming from another room.

           Jamie lifts himself out of bed and follows the sounds.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           Having entered, Jamie finds Elizabeth, Alex and Nicholas 
           gathered at the kitchen table having breakfast. With them 
           are Barry and Robert, Barry’s arm is slung over the back of 
           Robert’s chair.

           Turning to his left Jamie sees the figure from last night, 
           JOHN BUNTING, 29, a stocky man with chocolate brown hair 
           and a baby face. He is doing the dishes. He wears jeans and 
           a navy blue polo shirt.

           Noticing Jamie, John proffers his soap sudd covered hand.

                                 JOHN
                        G’day Jamie, I’m John.

           They shake. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        You the eldest mate?

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (interrupting)
                        No, I have another one. 

                                 JOHN
                        Oh yeah, where’s he then?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Fuck knows.

                                 JOHN
                        Wild one is he?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        He’s eighteen.

                                 JOHN
                        Eighteen? Jesus, you must have 
                        had him when you were twelve?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Oh Bullshit.

           John turns his attention back to Jamie.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        Sorry if I woke you up last night 
                        mate but I had to do something 
                        about that prick over there. 

                                 BARRY
                        John will sort that dirty bird 
                        out for you Jamie.

                                 JOHN
                        Bloody oath I will. Coppers are a 
                        waste of time. Who gives scum like 
                        that bail? I bet if the boys were 
                        from the city it’d be different. 
                        They’d be real friggin’ quick then. 

           John is interrupted by Troy returning home.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Troy this is John. 

           Troy helps himself to a can of soft drink from the fridge.

                                 JOHN
                            (offering hand)
                        Good to meet you Troy.

           Ignoring John, Troy exits.

           John turns back to Elizabeth.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        He’s a bit shy.

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (screams)
                        Troy!

                                 JOHN
                        Don’t worry about it luv.

           John is about to speak when the pounding of a drum beat 
           echoes out from Troy’s room.

           He pauses momentarily before struggling to speak over it.

           EXT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE - LATER

           A white Torana is parked on the front lawn. 

           Elizabeth sits outside her front door butting a cigarette 
           into a handmade ashtray. Barry is busy talking to Elizabeth 
           but she’s paying him no attention, her focus is solely with 
           John as he leans under the bonnet of her car. 

           Jamie, Alex and Nicholas surround him and attempt to assist 
           him in repairing the motor.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John signals for Robert to turn the ignition.

           After a few failed attempts, the motor comes to life.

           Elizabeth applauds.

                                                            CUT TO:

           Robert, Alex and Jamie sit atop the Torana. 

           Elizabeth and Barry are talking. 

                                 BARRY
                        Liz I wanted to tell you 
                        something. 

                                 ELIZABETH
                        What?

                                 BARRY
                        I’m late.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Late for what?

                                 BARRY
                        No I mean I’m late, late. Fire 
                        engine red late. I’ve missed my 
                        rags.

           Elizabeth feigns horror.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Oh no.

                                 BARRY
                        I think I might be pregnant.

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (calling out)
                        You gunna be a dad Robert?

           Robert chooses to ignore the comment.

           John screams past on the bike with Nicholas perched in 
           front of him. 

           John soon returns, Nicholas dismounts and passes his helmet 
           to an excited Alex.

           Alex clings to the back of John as the bike accelerates.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - LATER

           The cheerful tones of a Mr. Whippy van ring out to the tune 
           of ‘You Are My Sunshine’.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John signals for it to pull over.

           He requests six soft serve ice creams.

           Each boy now has one, John clasps the other three.  

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - LATER

           Melted ice cream trickles down John’s hands.

           He stands in the middle of the street.

                                 JOHN
                            (calling out)
                        Don’t forget the far window.

           The three boys are using their soft serves to repeatedly 
           scrawl ‘fag’ across Jeffery’s windows. 

                                                            CUT TO:

           WIDE - the ice-cream smeared house.

           The boys stand with John eating their other ice-creams and 
           admiring their handiwork. 

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Gathered around the kitchen table, Elizabeth and her guests 
           are listening intently to John, as he stands over the stove 
           cooking a stew for his gathered guests. 

                                 JOHN
                        Fuck off it’s bullshit, it’s the 
                        truth. Poofter teachers shouldn’t 
                        be allowed in schools. 

           Like any good preacher, John speaks with surety and passion. 
           His audience consists of Elizabeth, Robert, Barry, Marcus, 
           MARK LAWRENCE, 37, a shy man with a large bushy beard and his 
           partner VERNA SINCLAIR, 33, a heavyset woman with a permanent 
           scowl.

           He turns down the flame on the stove and faces the others.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        How shit’s the system when if some 
                        chick stole a watch at eighteen she 
                        can’t get a job. Meanwhile, Mr. Bum 
                        Puncher can stroll in and away he 
                        goes, here’s the keys, the gents 
                        are down the hall. I know if I had 
                        kids I’d be more worried about ‘em 
                        losing their pants than their 
                        fucking watches. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 BARRY
                        You’re saying all gay’s are 
                        paedophiles who can’t resist 
                        temptation John. 

                                 JOHN
                        What’s your point?

           John stirs the large pot with a wooden spoon.

                                 VERNA
                        S’pose you think no fat chicks 
                        should work in restaurants either, 
                        why give ‘em the temptation?

                                 JOHN
                        I reckon no fat chicks full stop.

           John and Robert laugh.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Leave us fat chicks out of it.

                                 JOHN
                        Nah you’re alright luv, nothing 
                        wrong with you... where do you keep 
                        your plates? 

                                 ELIZABETH 
                        The cupboard on your right.

           John removes several plates and begins dishing up.  

           He places dinner in front of Elizabeth and then goes about 
           serving everyone else as they talk amongst themselves.  

           Eventually John takes a seat at the table and begins to eat.

                                 ELIZABETH (O.S.)
                        What do you want?

           Jamie is found eavesdropping in the doorway. 

                                 JAMIE
                        Nothing.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Then go back in with your brothers.

                                 JOHN
                            (mouthful)
                        Do you want to sit in mate?

           John pulls out a chair beside him.

           Feeling important, Jamie takes a seat beside John.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I’d like your opinion on something 
                        Jamie, what do you make of homos?

           Looking across at Barry and Robert, Jamie is unsure of what 
           to say.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Let him go back to the lounge John.

                                 JOHN
                        Why? He’ll learn more in here than 
                        watching that fucking idiot box. 
                        You wanna stay in here don’t you 
                        Jamie?

           Jamie nods as John takes a bite to eat.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        So poofters? Disgusting yeah? 

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah.

                                 JOHN
                        That’s right. And the shit thing is 
                        it’s fucking rife round here. I 
                        could name ya twenty right now, and 
                        what do the cops do? Nothing. 
                        Couldn’t give a shit. No one does 
                        ‘cept me and Robert, you should see 
                        us down Hindley Street. Part the 
                        poofters like Moses we do. I’m 
                        telling ya it’s the only way napper
                        rapers, like what’s his name, 
                        learn.

           Jamie listens carefully as John continues.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           Jamie eats two minute noodles at the table.

           Upon finishing he rinses his bowl in the sink. 

           Gazing outside he spots John emptying the contents of two 
           black garbage bags into two large white buckets.

           EXT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie exits the house and makes his way over to John.

           The empty garbage bags are on the lawn. 

           John mashes up the contents of the bucket with his shovel.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie looks in the bucket to find the head and insides of a 
           kangaroo. 

           Jamie watches on as John furiously chops up the remains.

           Having mashed up the contents of one bucket John turns his 
           attention to the other.

           Jamie watches him thrust the bloodied shovel up and down. 

                                 JAMIE
                        Thanks John.

           John stops what he is doing to look at Jamie. 

                                 JOHN
                        What for?

           Jamie stares back at John - he’d rather not say exactly.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        You don’t need to thank me mate, 
                        that’s what I do Jamie.

           John lifts up a bucket.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Reckon everyone should have a goal, 
                        a passion you know? You can’t be a 
                        waste of spoof like everyone else 
                        round here eh?

           Jamie fails to respond.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Grab your bucket.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - CONTINUOUS

           Having marched down the drive, John strides across the 
           road. Jamie hurries to catch up, white bucket in hand.

           John crosses the footpath, enters Jeffery’s front yard and 
           hurls the bucket’s contents at the house. 

           Various pieces of kangaroo splatter against the front door.

                                 JOHN
                        Go and get his fucking chair.

           Jamie follows orders trekking across the lawn and covering 
           the recliner with the slush from his bucket.

           EXT. BEACH - DAY

           Scattered along the beach are several happy FAMILIES. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Elizabeth stands at the water’s edge wading ankle deep in the 
           salt water.

           Jamie sits on a towel watching Troy, Alex and Nicholas play 
           fight in the ocean.

                                 JOHN (O.S.)
                        You been here before? 

           Jamie turns to see John sitting down beside him.

                                 JAMIE
                        Nah.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Me neither. I don’t really like the 
                        water, the sands nice though.

           Jamie and John sit staring out at the ocean.

                                 JAMIE
                        You want to go in?

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah alright.

           The two of them remove their tops and John stands. He grabs 
           Jamie’s hand, and lifts him from his towel and together they 
           stride across the sand in their shorts.

           Jamie leads John out into the ocean.

           Jamie moves out until the water is up to his chest, he turns 
           back to see an apprehensive John some metres behind him.

                                 JAMIE
                        You right?

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah, this is far enough.

           A wave slams into John.

                                 JAMIE
                        You’ve gotta jump the waves.

           The two of them watch as a wave approaches.

           Together they leap upwards, floating atop the wave for a 
           moment before finding their feet on the ocean floor.

           Another wave approaches.

           Once again they rise, this time even higher than the last. 

           John slowly creeps out further into the water, moving ever 
           closer to Jamie.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Another wave approaches. 

           John leaps it, water splashes into his face - he loves it.

           Jamie smiles.

           WIDE - the beach and its inhabitants.

           INT. HAIRDRESSING SALON - DAY

           Elizabeth sits inside a cramped salon as a Middle Aged 
           HAIRDRESSER puts the finishing touches on her trim. 

           John is the only other person in the store. He waits 
           patiently flicking through the pages of a Readers Digest.

                                 ELIZABETH (O.S.)
                        We’re finished John.

           John looks up from the magazine and quickly approaches the 
           register to pay.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Hairdresser)
                        That’s a lovely job you did.

           The hairdresser politely smiles as she hands back his change.

           John turns back to Elizabeth.

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (curious)
                        So you like it?

                                 JOHN
                        Love it.

           The two of them happily exit the salon.

           EXT. KILSBY STREET - MORNING

           Jamie stands on his front lawn staring at something.

           Jeffery’s house has a car parked in front of it. Behind it is 
           a trailer full of furniture, including his recliner. 

           Jeffery exits the house, crosses the now bare verandah, and 
           gets behind the wheel of the car. 

           Jamie watches as he drives away.

           The CAMERA pulls back to reveal John standing beside Jamie.

                                 JOHN
                        Fuck I’m hungry. You hungry?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie nods.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/JAMIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Jamie tucks his ill fitting shirt into his slacks.  

           He ties up the laces on his sneakers. 

           Troy sits on his bed spraying deodorant under his arms.

           He slings a T-Shirt over his head. 

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/ELIZABETH’S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Elizabeth readies herself in the mirror.

           Her new hair looks great, her make-up is done and she’s 
           dressed in her finest frock. 

           Elizabeth is busy putting on a pair of gold earrings when she 
           notices Jamie watching her from the hallway. 

                                 ELIZABETH
                        What?

                                 JAMIE
                        Nothing.

           Elizabeth attaches the other earring.

           INT. PUB/BISTRO - NIGHT

           An all-you-can-eat smorgasbord. 

           A crowded bistro filled with FAMILIES and COUPLES.

           A SALESMAN carrying a basket of flashing plastic roses 
           weaves his way through the room.  

           The lights of a red rose flicker in the middle of the table 
           as Jamie bites into his lamb shank.

           John, Elizabeth, Jamie, Troy, Alex and Nicholas all happily 
           gorge themselves on an variety of dishes.  

           Elizabeth can’t thank John enough for taking them out, the 
           kids too are appreciative. 

           John takes the adulation in his stride. 

           INT. PUB/MAIN BAR - LATER

           At the end of the bar Alex and Nicholas play an arcade 
           game. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           MUSIC blares from a nearby jukebox and several PUNTERS have 
           created a makeshift dance floor in front of it.

           In amongst the dancers we find John and Elizabeth moving 
           awkwardly but clearly enjoying themselves.   

           While waiting for his turn on the game, Jamie watches them.

           WIDE - as the boys play, the couple dances.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

           A line of light from underneath a door.

           The sound of a toilet flushing.

           Jamie exits in his underwear and shuffles down the hall 
           only to halt when he hears sounds emanating from his 
           mother’s bedroom. 

           Jamie creeps closer to the sounds. 

           The door to the main bedroom is ajar. 

           Inside Jamie eyes Elizabeth and John holding hands on the 
           edge of the bed.

                                 JOHN
                        You’ve got pretty hair.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        No I don’t, it’s too curly. I’ve 
                        always wanted it to be straight. 

                                 JOHN
                        No, straight hair’s boring. Yours 
                        is great. 

           John takes his hand and runs it through her knotted hair.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        It’s real soft.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Do you want to stay tonight?

                                 JOHN
                        That would be nice.

           The two of them, like coy teenagers, lean back on the bed 
           and spoon atop the sheets.  

           Jamie stands watching in the dark.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. MAIN NORTH ROAD - DAY

           John and Jamie tear down the street on the motorcycle.

           EXT. SALT PLAINS - DAY

           An expansive stretch of white land sparkles in the sun.

           Tyre tracks are imprinted in the ground.

           John and Jamie roar across the landscape.

                                                            CUT TO:

           John performs donuts on his BMW, applauded by Jamie.

                                                            CUT TO:

           John barks instructions as Jamie circles him on the bike.

           An obvious first time rider, he doesn’t move at any great 
           pace however he is clearly having fun.

                                                            CUT TO:

           A dehydrated DOG lies on sand barely able to lift it’s 
           head. The motorcycle approaches. 

           As the bike idles, John and Jamie study the mongrel.

           EXT. ROAD - LATER

           The dog is now wedged between John and Jamie as they ride. 

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - LATER

           The dog rests on the kitchen table, it’s fur is ringing wet 
           having just been hosed down.

           John pours water into Jamie’s cupped hands as the dog drinks 
           from them. 

           INT. ROBERT’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           CLOSE on a window sill covered by a collection of Kinder 
           Surprise toys. Jamie picks one up to inspect it.

           A filthy lounge. 

           Dirty dishes, rubbish, clothes and cheap furniture clutter 
           the room. Jamie stands by the window. Beside him is and the 
           dog from the salt plains, now dubbed Kelly.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John and Robert sit on the couch watching TV. Robert has 
           his Alsatian on his lap and several garbage bags by his 
           feet.

           Jamie’s attention moves from the plastic toy in his hand to 
           outside where he spies Barry approaching the house.  

                                 JAMIE
                        He’s here.

           There’s a knock at the door.

           Robert lifts the garbage bags from the floor and carries 
           them to the front door.

           John continues to watch television.

           Robert doesn’t let Barry enter, instead he steps outside 
           and closes the front door.  

           A heated argument takes place as Robert tells Barry to 
           ‘fuck off and find somewhere else to live’.

           The argument reaches boiling point and Barry is set upon.

           Jamie watches from the window.

           John uses the remote to drown out Barry’s cries.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - DAY

           203 Waterloo Corner Road - a sunless housing trust home 
           with a solitary tree in its front yard. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Fingers dig inside a jar of peanut butter.

           Jamie lies on the floor with Kelly and Robert’s Alsatian.  

           The dogs lick the spread from Jamie’s fingers.

           Jamie scoops out some more, this time rubbing it onto his 
           toes and letting the two dogs eat from them.

           John enters.

                                 JOHN
                        I need a hand.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           The elongated backyard features several trees down one side 
           and a sizeable shed at the rear, to the left is a 
           corrugated water tank.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Underneath the tank, Robert kneels inside a hole three foot 
           deep. 

                                 JAMIE (O.S.)
                        What are you doing?

           John leads him over to line of buckets, filled with soil.

                                 JOHN
                        One of the legs has sunk... here. 

           John hands Jamie a bucket.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I’ve been putting it underneath 
                        the trees.

           Jamie notices a mound of dirt at the base of a tree. 

           John crawls back under the tank to assist Robert, while 
           Jamie carries the bucket to the mound.

           Together the three of them go about digging a hole two by 
           three metres in diameter.

           EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY

           RAY DAVIES, a dishevelled man in his mid-twenties, stands by 
           a wire fence looking into an empty school yard.

                                 JOHN (O.S.)
                        G’day Ray.

           Ray turns to find John and Jamie standing beside him. 

                                 RAY
                        John.

                                 JOHN
                        What’s going on?

                                 RAY
                        Nothing, I’m on me way home.

           John looks into the empty playground.

                                 JOHN
                        Just stopped for a rest hey?

           Ray shrugs.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah, we might have a rest too Ray.

           WIDE - Ray is left standing awkwardly beside John and Jamie. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           Two conversations are running over the top of one another.

           At one side of the table Jamie and Mark sit with THOMAS 
           TREVILYAN, 18, a fidgety character dressed entirely in army 
           fatigues and a tartan hat.

           He is recounting a story about how the enemy once tried to 
           steal his thoughts. He lifts his tartan cap to reveal 
           aluminium foil covering his scalp - ‘this keeps them out’. 

           Across the table, Barry is being bombarded with questions 
           from John and Robert about men from the area - Address? 
           Occupation? Age?  

           John writes down the information while Barry eats.

           All of the men are finishing their curries as they talk, all 
           except for John who hasn’t made himself a plate and Thomas 
           whose bowl is untouched.

           Thomas continues his story, he’s becoming increasingly 
           animated and distracting, John tries hard to ignore him.

           Barry stops talking.

                                 JOHN
                        Is that it?

                                 BARRY
                        Yep.

           John glances at Barry’s empty plate.

                                 JOHN
                        You done there?

                                 BARRY
                        Thank you John it was lovely.

                                 JOHN
                        What about you Thomas?

           Thomas nods so he doesn’t have to stop talking. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        You not hungry mate?

                                 THOMAS
                        Nah, don’t like spicy food.

           John stands and clears the table of their dishes.

           Barry and Robert are left alone on their side of the table.

           Barry carefully watches Robert finish his meal.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           A bright blue sky. A blazing sun.

           John and Robert continue to dig their hole. 

           The hole is now waist deep.

           Robert has his top removed, a tiger tattoo stretches across 
           his back.

           Mark carries the buckets of soil and dumps them under the 
           trees.

           The tank stand has been removed and now rests on bricks.

           Jamie and Gavin sip beers on a tattered couch beside the 
           hole.

                                 GAVIN
                        What are you gunna use it for?

                                 JOHN
                        I’m gunna extend, need a room for 
                        an entertainment system, I want 
                        to get meself a big screen T.V.

           At the back of the yard Alex and Nicholas are playing totem 
           tennis.

           Elizabeth and Verna smoke on plastic chairs while watching 
           their men. The hole continues to grow.

                                                            CUT TO:

           As the sun sets the group gather around the hole drinking.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           CLOSE on television screen - test cricket plays.

           Jamie sits watching from the comfort of the couch.

           His scuffed sneakers rest on a stool in front of him.

           Suddenly the screen is blocked by Troy.

                                 JAMIE
                        Out of the way.

           He remains in Jamie’s line of sight.

                                 JAMIE (CONT’D)
                        Get stuffed.

           Jamie lashes out at the figure with a foot but is thwarted.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Attempting to leave Jamie is quickly set upon. 

           Gripped tight in a headlock he writhes across the floor. 

           The two figures fall in and out of frame. 

           Jamie is soon over-powered. His pants are pulled down and 
           he is thrust against the couch with his knees on the floor.

           Troy’s forearm is lodged at the back of Jamie’s neck.

           Troy quickly undoes the buttons of his jeans.

           Jamie grimaces in pain. Resigned to his fate, he soon 
           ceases to struggle and is sodomized.

           INT. VLASSAKIS HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           The family gather for dinner.

           John dishes up six bowls of beef casserole.  

           Jamie, Elizabeth, Troy, Alex and Nicholas all receive a 
           bowl. John joins them with his. The family eat.

           While the others happily converse, Jamie sits in silence.

           John notices that he has barely touched his food.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           CLOSE on a set of clippers as they run over a scalp. 

           Kelly sniffs around a tree as Jamie, sitting on a broken 
           banana lounge, has his hair shorn by John. 

           While John is talkative Jamie is stoic.

           John completes the cut, and brushes the loose hair from 
           Jamie’s head.

           Jamie stands.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        You know what mate you’ve 
                        inspired me, you look so good I’m 
                        gunna do the same.

           Despite not needing a haircut John hands over the clippers.

                                 JAMIE
                        You want me to do it?

                                 JOHN
                        Why not? We can’t have you being 
                        the best looking bloke in town. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie grins, flicks on the clippers and commences shaving.

           Hair drifts onto the lawn.

           In the reflection of a car window John studies Jamie as he 
           carefully runs the blade over him.

           When completed, John drags Jamie over to a nearby window, 
           they stand arm in arm inspecting their reflection.  

                                 JOHN
                        Have a look at that would you.

           John laughs.

                                 JAMIE
                        Can I stay here?

           John turns to look at Jamie.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah of course mate.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/OFFICE - NIGHT

           John and Jamie make up a bed on a small futon.

           Together they cover it with a sheet before blanketing that 
           with a doona.

           John lifts two pillows from the floor and places them at 
           the head of the bed.

                                 JOHN
                        There you go.

                                 JAMIE
                        Thanks.

           John leaves.

           Jamie sits on his bed and stares across at something.

           WIDE - directly opposite Jamie is a desk, a computer and a 
           filing cabinet.

           Above the desk is a myriad of photos, drawings, newspaper 
           articles and yellow post-it notes containing John's 
           handwriting. Items are linked together by red thread which 
           makes the wall appear like a giant spider’s web.

           Jamie scans the wall.

           Most of the post-it notes have names, phone numbers and 
           addresses written on them. Some just have derogatory names 
           for homosexuals written in black texta. Some show quotes 
           from certain literature that John appreciates. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The newspaper articles are of paedophilia cases. 

           The drawings are childlike cartoons displaying violence 
           against men by their child victims. One in particular is a 
           sketch of a small boy holding a severed penis.

           The photos, of suspected paedophiles, appear to have been 
           secretly taken by John from a distance, all that is except 
           for the close up smiling face of Barry Lane which takes 
           pride of place in the centre of the wall. 

           Jamie continues to stare at the wall.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - LATER

           CLOSE on a chicken curry simmering in a pan.

           John stands by the stove stirring, Jamie sets the table.

                                                            CUT TO:

           John and Jamie eat the curry in silence.

           Beside the fridge, Kelly lies on the kitchen tiles.

           John watches Jamie eat. 

                                 JOHN
                        Do you like being fucked?

           Jamie looks up from his meal.

           He’s shocked and unsure how best to respond. 

                                 JAMIE
                        What?

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Do you like being fucked?

                                 JAMIE
                        No.

                                 JOHN
                        So why not do something about it?

                                 JAMIE
                        What do you mean?

                                 JOHN
                        I mean all I ever see you do is 
                        sook.  

                                 JAMIE
                        I do not.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        No? What have you done about 
                        then?

                                 JAMIE
                        What can I do?

                                 JOHN
                        Fucking get angry. You see me and 
                        Robert moping around? No, cause 
                        there’s no fucking point. You do 
                        that and they’ll fuck you 
                        forever. You want that do ya? 

                                 JAMIE
                        Fuck off.

                                 JOHN
                        What did you do about Jeffery?

           Jamie is becoming increasingly upset.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Fucking nothing... when are you 
                        gunna grow some balls? 

           Tears well in Jamie’s eyes.

                                 JOHN
                        See what I mean, a fucking sook.

                                 JAMIE
                        What do want me to do?

                                 JOHN
                        Hate the cunts.

                                 JAMIE
                        I do.

                                 JOHN
                        No you don’t.

                                 JAMIE
                            (yelling)
                        Fuck off, I do!

                                 JOHN
                        Then stop being a faggot and do 
                        something.

           Jamie fails to respond.

           John stands and leaves the room.

           Jamie tries to compose himself, he wipes away his tears.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John returns and places a .38 calibre handgun in front of 
           Jamie.   

                                 JOHN
                        Take it.

                                 JAMIE
                        Why?

                                 JOHN
                        It’ll make you feel good.

           Jamie collects the weapon.

                                 JOHN
                        Want to shoot it?

           Jamie nods.

                                 JOHN
                        Go on then.

                                 JAMIE
                        What at?

           Jamie looks up at John standing over him.

                                 JOHN
                        Shoot the dog.

           Jamie is taken aback.

           John whistles Kelly over.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Come here girl.

           Kelly makes her way to stand beside John.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Shoot the dog.

                                 JAMIE
                        No.

                                 JOHN
                        Why not? She’s my dog, I don’t 
                        mind.

           Jamie puts the pistol down.

                                 JOHN
                            (sternly)
                        Pick it up. 

           Jamie eyes John before retrieving the gun. 

           John lifts up Kelly and turns her around.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Now you don’t even have to look 
                        at her. Just shoot it.

           Kelly moves off into the other room.

                                 JOHN
                        For fuck’s sake.

           John is forced to chase after Kelly.  

           Jamie is clearly distressed.

           John returns dragging Kelly by the collar, he spots Jamie.

           John forcibly grabs Jamie’s arm and aims it at Kelly. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you dare fucking cry. Start 
                        doing something about this or 
                        you’re no fucking better them. 
                        Shoot the fucking dog Jamie! 

           Jamie looks down at the back of Kelly. 

           BANG! Blood splatters across the fridge door. The shot has 
           hit Kelly in the back causing her to slump to the floor.  

           A pool of blood begins to trickle over the tiles.

           John inspects the dog.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        She’s not dead.

           Seeing the blood, Jamie freezes. 

           Disappointed, John snatches the weapon from Jamie. 

           He crouches down and gives Kelly one final pat. BANG!

                                                       FADE TO BLACK.

                                                             FADE IN:

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT(DEATH TAPE BARRY)

           John and Robert play with Robert’s Alsatian outside the shed. 

                                                              CUT TO:

           CLOSE on spools of a cassette tape rotating inside a player.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 BARRY (V.O.)
                        Hello Chris, it’s your brother 
                        Barry. I thought you should know 
                        I’m on my way to Queensland.

                                                              CUT TO:

           John and Robert continue to play with the Alsatian as the 
           taped message plays out.

                                 BARRY (V.O.)
                        I don’t know if I’m going to hitch 
                        all the way or catch the bus. I 
                        should be there in a couple of 
                        days. Don’t reckon I’ll be home for 
                        a while mate. Can you tell Mum? See 
                        ya mate. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           A small digital clock takes pride of place atop the 
           microwave, it reads; 5:59. 

           John lifts a pan from the stove as Jamie sets the table.

           Their hair has grown back.

           6:00. BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. The timer rings out.

           John turns the alarm off just as Elizabeth, Alex and 
           Nicholas filter in and take their places at the table.

           Circling the table, John serves braised sausages on 
           everyone’s plate. He returns the pan to the stove. 

           Jamie hands out the mash potato.

           John collects the mixed vegies and everyone receives some.

           It’s all done with precision - the family now live at 203. 

           John consults with Elizabeth if Troy is joining them - he 
           isn’t. The family sit and eat together.  

           Alex scrapes his vegies away from his potatoes. 

           John notices this.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - LATER

           Elizabeth lies on the couch with her head in John’s lap. 

           He tenderly strokes her hair.

           Jamie is slumped in a bean bag while Nicholas sits upside 
           down on an arm chair.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           They all watch television while Alex remains at the table, 
           his vegetables are still untouched.

           INT. SUZANNE’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           A well-kept kitchen.

           John glares out the window at a rusted old caravan. 

           Jamie drinks lemonade at the table while SUZANNE ALLEN, 47, 
           an obese woman with a sunny disposition, is busy 
           meticulously preparing the boys curried egg sandwiches.

           Suzanne notices John’s glare.

                                 SUZANNE
                        He’s harmless luv. 

                                 JOHN
                        Now that ain’t true, your Ray’s 
                        been flashing himself down at the 
                        school again.   

                                 SUZANNE
                        I don’t know nothing about that.

                                 JOHN
                        I thought you were keeping an eye 
                        on him for me?

                                 SUZANNE
                        I am John, I am.

           Parsley is sprinkled atop the bread before the two 
           sandwiches are cut into dainty triangles.

           She hands one to John before sliding the other to Jamie.

                                 SUZANNE (CONT’D)
                        I’m glad you came round Johnnie. 

           Jamie eats, trying not to notice Suzanne cuddling up to 
           John.

                                 SUZANNE (CONT’D)
                        We should take a holiday. Maybe 
                        we could go up north for a bit? I 
                        always wanted to go up north.

           John’s attention is solely with the caravan.

           EXT. SUZANNE’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           Toys are scattered across the back verandah.

           Jamie plays with a large rubber exercise ball.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. SUZANNE’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Ceramic unicorns adorn the television.

           Simplistic handmade paintings fill every inch of wall space- 
           a sun, a daffodil, a blue ren, a cockerspaniel.  

           Suzanne stands in the centre of the room. 

           She begins to undress removing first her floral blouse and 
           then her beige slacks.

           Her bra follows suit to reveal her sagging breasts.

           Her briefs are barely visible due to the fat hanging from 
           her mid-section. 

           She removes her underwear.  

           Suzanne stands naked, vulnerable.

                                 SUZANNE
                        I love you Johnnie Angel.

           John’s vacant stare.

           He’s lodged between several teddy bears on the couch.

           Curried egg trickles from his mouth as he chews. 

           EXT. SUZANNE’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           Jamie now sits atop the ball considering the caravan.

           Its curtains are drawn but sounds can be heard from inside.

           The door swings open as Ray steps outside to empty his 
           ashtray, he spots Jamie.

           Ray attempts to converse with Jamie however his mental 
           handicap means it comes out mumbled and disjointed.

           Jamie stares back at him.

           EXT. NADINE’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           An above ground pool.

           A train line running along back fence.

           Standing underneath her verandah, NADINE FERGUSON, 29, is 
           midway through making a speech congratulating a couple on 
           their engagement. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The couple in question stand beside her, they are; Robert 
           Wagner and her cousin VIKKI BROOKS, 29, an inherently plain 
           woman whose pregnant belly protrudes from her blouse.

           All of the GUESTS, including John, Elizabeth, Alex and 
           Nicholas, have donned what they consider to be their Sunday 
           best. Jamie watches Nadine from behind the CROWD. 

           While not classically beautiful she has a sexuality about 
           her that is undeniable. The top of her breasts peek out 
           from her printed dress and her lips are a dark shade of 
           red. She brushes her curly blonde hair from her face.

           Her speech is interrupted by a passing train.

           The crowd, including Mark and Verna, laugh.

           The speech winds up.

                                 NADINE (CONT’D)
                            (toasting)
                        To Robert and Vikki.

                                 ALL
                            (raising glasses)
                        To Robert and Vikki.

           The guests drink up.

                                                            CUT TO:

           MUSIC rings out.

           A dance floor has formed around the hills hoist.

           The only people dancing are a throng of YOUNG CHILDREN, 
           Nadine and MICHAEL GARDINER, 19, an openly gay young man 
           with painted nails. Michael wears a buttoned down shirt and 
           slacks, around his waist is a black bumbag.

           Michael and Nadine laugh as they dance with one another, 
           there is an obvious affection between them.

           On either side of the yard there is a line of guests 
           sitting. On one side, John’s eyes follow Michael as he 
           dances with the children. On the other, Jamie drinks a Jim 
           Beam and Cola while watching Nadine. 

           Her hips sway to the music, a smile lights up her face.

                                 NADINE
                        You want a dance Jamie?

                                 JAMIE
                        I don’t dance.

                                 NADINE
                        Your loss.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           He grins.

           She grabs an EIGHT YEAR OLD boy by the hand and twirls him.

           INT. NADINE’S HOUSE/BATHROOM - NIGHT

           Nadine enters carrying a bag of ice.

           She empties it into the tub covering the pile of beverages.

           Tossing the bag aside she turns to see Jamie, he’s drunk.

           He smiles before confidently leaning in to kiss her. 

           Nadine pulls her head back.

                                 NADINE
                            (laughing)
                        Okay, what are you doing?

           Jamie looks at Nadine.

                                 JAMIE
                        You’re so fucking hot.

                                 NADINE
                        Alright little man, talk to me 
                        when you’re twenty-one.

           Nadine removes a can of Jim Beam and Coke from the tub. 

                                 NADINE (CONT’D)
                        Here.

           Jamie accepts it.

                                 NADINE (CONT’D)
                            (joking)
                        And that’s all you’re bloody 
                        getting.

           Jamie grins, takes a mouthful of bourbon and leaves.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - DAY

           A silver Datsun idles in the driveway.

           ROCK MUSIC can be heard emanating from inside the car.

           Gavin waits behind the wheel.

           Jamie crosses the front lawn and attempts to enter his home 
           only to find the front door locked. He knocks and waits. 

           Eventually the front door opens partially, it is Elizabeth. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JAMIE
                        What’s with locking the door?

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (insisting)
                        You have to go.

                                 JAMIE
                        What?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        I need you to go Jamie.

                                 JAMIE
                        Why?

           The door is opened fully to reveal John.

                                 JOHN
                        She said fuck off.

           John slams the door closed. 

           INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS

           The MUSIC blasts from the radio.

           Gavin watches Jamie return to the car.

           He takes his place in the passenger seat.

                                 GAVIN
                        What happened?

                                 JAMIE
                        Let’s just go.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           The Datsun pulls out of the drive.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY(DEATH TAPE RAY)

           We look out a window into the backyard where Robert rests on 
           a couch doing up his laces. A distressed Elizabeth sits at 
           the other end, as far away as possible from Robert. 

                                 RAY (V.O.)
                        Hello Suzanne it’s Ray, I’ve met 
                        some girl and I don’t need to stay 
                        in the caravan anymore. If I’ve 
                        left anything behind you can keep 
                        it, thanks sweetheart bye.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John enters frame and reassuringly wraps his arms around 
           Elizabeth.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Jamie returns home to find Elizabeth alone at the table.

           She washes down some medication with a glass of water.

           Gavin waits outside the back door.

           Jamie looks into the empty lounge.

                                 JAMIE
                        Where’s John?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        He went out.

                                 JAMIE
                        How come?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        We had a fight. 

           Jamie watches his mother select another pill.

                                 JAMIE
                        Don’t fuck this up Mum.

           Elizabeth looks up as Jamie exits.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

           Jamie and Gavin sit on plastic chairs inside the hole. 

           The hole is now seven foot deep. Christmas lights align its 
           walls and a home made ladder allows them access out.  

           Gavin smokes dope from a glass bong. 

           Jamie has done his fair share and stares up at the stars.

           Gavin leans back to take in the clear night sky.

                                 GAVIN
                        So what’s he planning on using this 
                        for now?

                                 JAMIE
                        He reckons maybe a bomb shelter.

                                 GAVIN
                        Serious?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah.

           Beat.

                                 GAVIN
                        Who wants to bomb us?

                                 JAMIE
                        I don’t know.

           Gavin begins to laugh uncontrollably.

           Jamie continues to view the sky above him. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           John and Jamie stand by the window looking out.

           Suzanne waits on the footpath staring directly at 203.

           She holds an envelope in her hand.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           The house basks in bright sunshine.

           Jamie exits the house and approaches Suzanne. 

                                 JAMIE
                        John said to piss off.

                                 SUZANNE
                            (offering the envelope)
                        Can you just give him this?

                                 JAMIE
                        No.

                                 SUZANNE
                        Please Jamie.

           Jamie looks at the lipstick kissed envelope.

                                 JAMIE
                        He said piss off.

           He turns and returns to the house.

           Suzanne is left holding her love letter. 

           INT. CHURCH - DAY

           The sound of people singing. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The minister passionately leads his flock in a hymn. His 
           congregation is even smaller in size than before. 

           Elizabeth, John, Jamie, Alex, and Nicholas share a pew.

           WIDE - Everyone gathered is standing except John and Jamie. 

                                                              CUT TO:

           A WOMAN in her fifties stands at the front of the church 
           speaking into a microphone. She discusses how proud she is of 
           her grandson who recently received his driver’s license. 

           Those gathered applaud and the woman returns to her seat 
           beside her TEENAGE GRANDSON.

           Elizabeth sits watching carefully as a LARGE MAN makes his 
           way to the minister to collect the microphone. 

           He’s slightly more reluctant to speak than the previous 
           person however he soon opens up about how he fell off the 
           wagon during the week and behaved poorly towards his wife. 
           The man seeks forgiveness from the minister.

           John’s is paying no attention, as his eyes busily scan the 
           room. Elizabeth on the other hand is listening intently. 

           The congregation once again applaud as the man concludes and 
           hands the microphone back to the minister. 

           The minister looks for more volunteers - there are none. 

           As he moves to put the microphone away Elizabeth stands. 
           John’s attention is quickly drawn to Elizabeth walking down 
           the aisle.  

           The minister notices Elizabeth and hands her the microphone.

           Jamie looks at John who’s eyes are firmly fixed on Elizabeth.

           She is slow to begin but the congregation happily wait for 
           her. Elizabeth’s eyes never deviate from the floor.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        I just wanted to thank God for my 
                        boys... that’s all.  

           Elizabeth hands the microphone back to the minister before 
           quickly returning to her family. 

           Head bowed, Elizabeth refuses to meet John’s glare.

           INT. CHURCH - LATER

           The service has concluded and the church is almost empty. 
           The only occupants are John, Jamie and the minister who all 
           have gathered at the front of the church. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        Thanks for having a word Father.

                                 MINISTER
                        You’re welcome, how can I help?

                                 JOHN
                        Actually I’m here to help you.

                                 MINISTER
                        And how’s that?

                                 JOHN
                        Me and Jamie counted four of ‘em.

                                 MINISTER
                        Four what John?

                                 JOHN
                        Paedophiles father.

           The minster is taken aback.

                                 MINISTER
                        I beg your pardon.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        It was four wasn’t it?

           Jamie nods.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        There were four of them in here 
                        today, thought you should know.

           The minister is clearly uncomfortable, he stands.

                                 MINISTER
                        This isn’t the place John.

                                 JOHN
                        Why not? 

                                 MINISTER
                        I’m sorry but I have things to 
                        do.

                                 JOHN
                        Will you deal with it or should I 
                        father?

                                 MINISTER
                        Goodbye gentlemen.

           The minister flees to the safety of his office. 

           WIDE - John and Jamie are left sitting alone in church.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JAMIE
                        He’s probably a faggot too.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           John and Jamie enter the kitchen and are surprised to see 
           Elizabeth, Marcus and David talking at the table. 

           Their conversation stops.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Marcus gave us a lift home... you 
                        remember his son David don’t you? 

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah, how are you David?

           John and David shake hands.

           John sits at the head of the table. 

                                 MARCUS
                        How have you been John?

                                 JOHN
                        Good mate, you?

                                 MARCUS
                        I’m well thanks.

           Jamie sits next to his mother.

           Marcus proudly discusses David’s new job however John soon 
           tunes out, focusing his attention instead on David, who has 
           moved to the kitchen bench.

           David lifts a clean glass and cautiously sniffs inside it. 

           He uses his T-shirt to wipe its rim before sniffing the 
           glass once more. He then fills it with water from the tap.

           John’s eyes follow David as he returns to his seat. 

           He notices David’s bright white basketball shoes.

                                 JOHN
                        What do you call those?

           David looks down at his feet.

                                 DAVID
                        Nike Air Pegasus.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah? They must have a cost a 
                        bit?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 DAVID
                        I guess.
                            (looks at floor)
                        What do you call those?

           John looks down at his thongs.

                                 JOHN
                            (lifting up foot)
                        I call these cheap. Don’t see 
                        much sense in spending a packet 
                        on something you put on ya feet.

           John and David eyeball each other.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Each to their own I suppose.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - NIGHT

           CLOSE on eleven garbage bags in the boot of the Torana.

           John removes four, two in each hand, and Robert does the 
           same. They cross the back yard and head towards the shed.

           Jamie exits the back door in his boxer shorts.

                                 JOHN
                        You still up mate?

                                 JAMIE
                        Needed a piss... you been 
                        shooting?

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah.

           Robert enters the shed, turning the light on. John follows.

           Jamie looks into the boot to see the remaining three bags.

           He assists the men by carrying them into the shed.

           INT. SHED - CONTINUOUS

           The rear of the shed is crammed full of junk, most of which 
           is covered up by old bed sheets.

           John and Robert have laid their bags on the concrete floor.

           Jamie dumps his beside them.

                                 JOHN
                        Thanks mate.

           The three men step outside and John locks the shed door.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        You want me to cook up some 
                        sausages?

           Robert shrugs.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Yeah I’ll cook us up some.

           They make their way across the yard towards the house.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT

           A lamp provides the room with its only light.

           Gavin lies slumped on a fold out bed.

           Jamie observes Gavin momentarily before leaning down to 
           collect a syringe from the floor. He removes a tourniquet 
           from Gavin’s arm, which causes him to stir.

                                 GAVIN
                        Thanks chief.

           Jamie places the syringe and tourniquet inside a leather 
           pouch before removing Gavin’s shoes.

           John stands behind him watching from the doorway.

           EXT. NADINE’S HOUSE - DAY

           An empty street.

           POP MUSIC rings out from a council flat.

           INT. NADINE’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Michael is performing a fashion show for a group of giggling 
           spectators. He struts through the lounge in one of Nadine’s 
           sequined dresses and heels.

           Nadine sits on the floor by the CD player while Jamie, Vikki, 
           Elizabeth, Verna, Mark, Alex, Nicholas and some other 
           CHILDREN squeeze into the room.

                                 NADINE
                        And our model Michelle is currently 
                        wearing the designer label ‘I’m a 
                        Slut’, which can be found on 
                        bedroom floors everywhere in Spring 
                        and Summer this year. 

           Michael flashes his bare arse before exiting.

           Nadine pauses the MUSIC.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 VERNA
                        What a waste. A perfectly hair free 
                        arse and only blokes can touch it.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Are you saying Mark’s face isn’t 
                        the only thing that’s bearded?

                                 VERNA
                        Oh please, if he did a hand stand 
                        you wouldn’t notice the fucking
                        difference.

           Everyone, except Mark, finds the conversation amusing.

           The front door opens and John and Robert enter. 

                                 JOHN
                        What’s so funny?

           The laughter dies down.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Verna was teasing Mark about his 
                        looks.

                                 JOHN
                        That’s the pot calling the kettle 
                        ugly isn’t it.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Be nice luv, we’re just having some 
                        fun.

                                 JOHN
                        I like fun.
                            (to Robert)
                        Do you like fun?

                                 ROBERT
                        It’s alright.

           Michael enters in a pair of Nadine’s bathers.

           John is slightly taken aback.

                                 JOHN
                        Jesus have a look at this. G’day
                        Michael.

                                 MICHAEL
                            (surprised)
                        Hi.

                                 JOHN
                        Don’t mind if we sit in do you?

           Michael looks at Nadine, who looks anxious.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 MICHAEL
                        I suppose not.

                                 JOHN
                        Great. 

           John drags a bean bag to the front of the lounge and falls 
           into it. Robert stays at the back of the room.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Come on, give us some music.

           Nadine warily presses play. The MUSIC continues as does the 
           show. Michael is closely watched by John as he struts.

           The crowd’s mood has changed.

           Nadine no longer plays the role of announcer.

           Most people are watching John as opposed to Michael.

           John is smiling and clapping as he watches a much more 
           reserved Michael strut, pausing to spin at top of his walk.

           An annoyed Nadine looks over at Jamie, he averts his eyes.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Alex and Nicholas play Nintendo, Jamie watches. 

           The telephone rings.

           Jamie stands and enters the kitchen.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           He answers the phone.

                                 JAMIE
                            (into phone)
                        Hello.

           Beat.

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah, hang on.

           He places the phone down and makes his way down the hall.

           Beat.

           John enters dripping wet with a towel wrapped around him. 

           He picks up the phone.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                            (casually)
                        Hello.

           Jamie watches from the doorway.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Yeah I know her.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I heard she pissed off North with 
                        some bloke called Andy.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I don’t think she wants much to 
                        do with them that’s why.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I don’t know, family’s fall out 
                        don’t they?

           Beat.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Yeah, I’m sure.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah no worries. See ya.

           John hangs up the phone and casually walks past Jamie.

           EXT. SUBURBAN HOME - DAY

           A middle-class home - brick, double story, two door garage. 

           The garage door opens to reveal a red sedan reversing onto 
           the street. A MIDDLE AGED MAN drives away. 

           John and Jamie march into frame as they cross the road.

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/HALLWAY - DAY

           CLOSE on a framed family photo hanging on the wall. 

           Mum, Dad and three kids all smile brightly in front of a 
           tacky Autumn backdrop. Jamie examines the photo carefully.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The house is typical suburbia; warm, comfortable, inviting.

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/LOUNGE - DAY

           Having helped himself to a carton of milk and some biscuits 
           John lowers himself onto the leather couch. 

           He switches on the 42 inch television.

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/KID’S ROOM - DAY

           Jamie walks around the kid’s room.

           A bunk bed.

           A laptop at a study area.

           An empty sports bag in the corner. 

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/LOUNGE - DAY

           The television plays a COOKING PROGRAMME.

           Biscuit crumbs fall onto John’s belly.

           A cat leaps on the couch and crawls onto John’s lap.

           He strokes it gently as he reaches for the milk carton.

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/MAIN BEDROOM - DAY

           Clothes hang inside a wardrobe.

           Jamie’s hand runs along several outfits until it settles on a 
           pin striped suit.

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/LOUNGE - DAY

           John holds an ashtray full of milk. 

           The cat drinks from it.

                                                              CUT TO:

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/MAIN BEDROOM - DAY

           Jamie sprawled out on the king size bed. 

           He wears the pin striped jacket over his T-Shirt. 

           Above the bed, Jamie has scribbled the word ‘paedophile’ in 
           thick black texta across the wall.

                                                              CUT TO:

           INT. SUBURBAN HOME/LOUNGE - DAY

           John watches television.

           Jamie enters, carrying the sports bag - now packed full.

           He sits himself down next to John and the cat.

           Their eyes stay focused on the screen.

                                 JOHN
                        Get anything good up there?

                                 JAMIE
                        A bit.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN
                        I want this fucking tele.

           CLOSE on the television screen.

           INT. SHED - DAY(DEATH TAPE MICHAEL)

           From inside a darkened shed we look out the doorway into the 
           brightly lit backyard. 

           Robert eats from a bag of chips while John plays with the 
           Alsatian. An answering machine message plays over the image.

                                 NADINE (V.O.)
                        Hi you’ve called Nadine, sorry I 
                        can’t come to the phone now but 
                        leave a message and I’ll get back 
                        to you. 

           BEEP.

                                 MICHAEL (V.O.)
                        It’s me, sorry about your stuff but 
                        you know I need money for my 
                        operation. If you go to the cops, 
                        I’ll go to the tax department, so 
                        don’t even bother. 
                                 (MORE)

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 MICHAEL (V.O.) (cont'd)
                        Don’t bother looking for me either, 
                        you won’t find me.  

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           John and Jamie sit watching their new 42 inch television.

           There is a knock at the door.

           John stands to answer it.

           Jamie can’t see who is outside but recognises the voice.

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        Have you seen Michael?

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah, why?

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        He’s robbed me, taken half my 
                        stuff.

                                 JOHN
                        Has he? That’s no good.

           Jamie is watching John and listening intently.

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        Where did you see him?

                                 JOHN
                        He was at the servo with a bunch 
                        of his mates. When did it happen?

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        Thursday.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah that’s when I saw him.

           John stares back at Nadine. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Is there anything else I can do 
                        for you?

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        No.

           John watches her leave.

           Jamie sees him close the door behind her.

                                 JOHN
                        Fucking tooth fairy.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. CAR(MOVING) - DAY

           Nadine begins to back her hatchback out of the driveway.

           There’s a tap on her window.

           She stops and sees Jamie beside her door.

           She winds down her window.

           Jamie says nothing.

                                 NADINE
                        Get in.

           Jamie gets inside and the car pulls out onto the street.

           He looks to the house to see John holding back a curtain 
           and watching from the lounge room window.

           The hatchback drives away.

           EXT. STREET - LATER

           The car drives slowly through a suburban street.

           Very few PEOPLE walk the streets.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           Nadine and Jamie continue their search in silence.

           Jamie gazes out the window in the hope of seeing Michael.

           Outside, a group of TEENS stand on a corner with slushies.

           They stare back at Jamie.

           Jamie turns to say something to Nadine but stops when he 
           sees tears welling in her eyes. 

                                 JAMIE
                        You right?

           Nadine takes a deep breath.

                                 NADINE
                        Yeah.

           They continue their search in silence.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           WIDE - John sits on one side of the yard watching Troy 
           acrobatically play atop their new trampoline. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           John’s hole has been filled in and the water tank has been 
           returned to its rightful place.

           CLOSE - John sits in silence, his eyes never leaving Troy.

           CLOSE - Troy’s athletic body is on full display, as he 
           wears only his football shorts while spinning in the air.

           Exiting the back door, Jamie joins John. 

                                 JOHN
                        Jamie have a look at your 
                        brother, he’s like a fucking
                        monkey up there.
                            (to Troy)
                        Show Jamie that trick you do.

           Troy bounces to the end of the trampoline, steadies 
           himself, bounces three times, then back flips.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        Fucking hell, how good’s that?

                                 TROY
                            (still bouncing)
                        Want a go?

                                 JOHN
                        No monkey in me mate.

                                 TROY
                        Don’t be a pussy.

           John looks over to the tramp. 

                                                            CUT TO:

           John bounces high on the trampoline. His shoes are off and 
           the bottom of his jeans are rolled up.

           He bounces onto his chest and then back up onto his feet.

           He’s enjoying himself but is far from graceful.

           Troy and Jamie sit beside one another laughing at him.

           John prepares himself by bouncing as high as he can and 
           then he does a forward flip, awkwardly landing on his bum. 

           Jamie and Troy laugh.

           John smiles back at the boys.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. DRIVE INN - NIGHT

           Jamie, Alex and Nicholas sit in the Torana staring up at 
           the big screen. The boys are seen laughing.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - NIGHT

           Upon returning, the boys find John and Robert dining on 
           Chinese takeaway. 

           Alex and Nicholas head to their bedroom.

           Jamie joins John and Robert on the couch.  

                                 JOHN
                            (eyes on TV)
                        How was the movie?

                                 JAMIE
                        It was alright. Where’s Mum?

                                 JOHN
                        Sleeping.

           Robert slurps up a mouthful of noodles.

           Jamie notices John’s left hand is bandaged.

                                 JAMIE
                        What happened? 

           John puts his lemon chicken down.

                                 JOHN
                        Come here?

           He heads towards the back door.

           We follow Jamie as he...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           ... Moves through the kitchen, noticing as he goes that 
           Robert trails behind him, and into...

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS

           ... The backyard. 

           Jamie follows John through the darkness, passing the water 
           tank, the hills hoist and the BMW motorcycle. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. SHED - CONTINUOUS

           The aluminium door is opened by John, he turns on the 
           fluorescent lights. They flicker several times before 
           maintaining their glow. 

           John waits patiently for Jamie and Robert to enter before 
           locking the door.

           He moves a frayed sofa to reveal a pile of blankets.

           Robert continues to eat while Jamie watches.

           Lifting up the blankets John exposes Gavin’s corpse. Its 
           neck is purple due to bruising, its legs rigid with rigor 
           mortis. 

           Jamie recoils in horror.

           He looks back at Gavin’s lifeless eyes.

           Jamie rushes towards the exit. 

           Robert blocks his path and signals for him to look at John.

           Jamie turns to see John lift the lid on a barrel.

                                 JOHN
                        Say hello to Barry’s arse.

           EXT. SHED - NIGHT

           Moonlight illuminates the backyard.

           WIDE - the shed. The door opens and Jamie manages only a 
           couple of steps before falling to his knees and vomiting.

           Robert steps outside to finish his noodles.

           The light from inside the shed is cast over Jamie’s back.

           John exits, squatting beside Jamie. 

                                 JOHN
                        Put your hands behind your head and 
                        breathe slowly.

                                 ROBERT
                        He’s fucking soft.

                                 JOHN
                        Shut up and go get him some water.

           A well-trained Robert leaves to fetch a drink. 

           Now heeding John’s advice Jamie leans back on his knees, 
           placing his hands behind his head.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        He was a fucking waste Jamie. Did 
                        you know I stepped on one of his 
                        needles the other day? What if that 
                        was your Mum, or one of your 
                        brothers?

                                 JAMIE
                        Piss off.

           It is obvious to John that Jamie is struggling, so he removes 
           a bank card from his pocket and places it on the ground. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        The PIN’s thirty-two, fifty-four. 
                        Do what you’ve got to do with it 
                        but only get money out at an 
                        EFTPOS, ATM’s might swallow it. 

           Jamie reads the name on the card; Gavin Porter.

                                 JAMIE
                            (shocked)
                        Fuck off.

           The two of them wait in silence. 

           Robert re-emerges from the house with a glass of water. 

           John accepts the glass from Robert and proffers it to Jamie.

           He refuses to accept it.

           John tips the water onto the lawn.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                            (to Robert)
                        You can help him with the bags.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - LATER

           Jamie appears numb as he takes Gavin’s spare clothes from 
           the corner of the room and stuffs them into a garbage bag.

           Robert watches quietly from behind him.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - LATER

           Jamie dumps the garbage bags into the boot of Gavin’s car.

           John closes it.

                                                            CUT TO:

           The Torana, Datsun and Robert’s 4WD pull out of the drive.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. CAR (MOVING) - LATER

           Jamie sits behind the wheel of Gavin’s Datsun.

           In front of him he sees the brake lights of Robert’s 4WD.

           John’s headlights shine in his rear vision mirror.

           INT. CAR - LATER

           The Torana idles in Robert’s driveway with John behind the 
           wheel. Jamie walks back down the drive.

           He sits in the passenger seat leaning forward with his head 
           lowered as though he may be sick. 

           He eventually looks up at John.

                                 JAMIE
                        Does Mum know?

                                 JOHN
                            (matter-of-fact)
                        She did Ray.

           EXT. ROBERT’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           The Datsun is where Jamie left it. However its license 
           plates are now removed and newspapers cover its windows.

           Jamie concentrates on spray painting the bonnet blue. He is 
           protected from the paint by a white parachute jumpsuit.  

           Robert wears his CFS overalls as he spray paints the back. 

           John sits with Robert’s Alsatian while watching both men.  

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           A fervent conversation is taking place.

           Surrounding the table are John, Elizabeth, Jamie, Robert, 
           Vikki, Mark, Verna, Troy and Marcus. 

           Covering the table are cigarette packets, beer bottles and 
           empty fast food containers.

                                 VERNA
                        What about that one up north? The 
                        girl was barely four.

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah I know, what a fucking dog. 
                        Trust me there’s no shortage of 
                        ‘em up there either. 
                                 (MORE)

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (cont'd)
                        They were around when I was 
                        growing up and nothing’s changed 
                        since.   

                                 VERNA
                        If I got my hands on him I’d cut 
                        his bloody balls off.

           Robert and Mark laugh.

                                 JOHN
                        You would, would ya?

                                 VERNA
                        Fucking right. Then I’d string 
                        him up by the end of his knob.

           Troy joins the other two in laughing.

                                 JOHN
                        Nah fuck that, chop it off, make 
                        him eat it. 

           The laughter intensifies.

                                 ROBERT
                        I’d skin it alive and douse it in 
                        petrol.

                                 MARCUS
                        You’d burn him to death would you 
                        Robert?

                                 ROBERT
                        I wouldn’t. I’d let the girl’s 
                        parents light the match.

           John laughs.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        What about you?

           Everyone turns their attention to Jamie.

           Jamie shrugs.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Oh for fuck’s sake, have a go.

           Jamie feels John’s gaze upon him.

                                 JAMIE
                        I’d beat the shit out of him.

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (interrupting)
                        Stop it John.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        Stop what?

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Your mean shit.

                                 JOHN
                        If it’s a rock spider it ain’t 
                        mean. Mean’s only mean if they 
                        don’t deserve it. 

           Elizabeth shakes her head in dismay.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        What, you reckon it doesn’t 
                        matter who you’re hitting? Don’t 
                        be fucking stupid.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Don’t call me stupid.

                                 JOHN
                        I didn’t call you stupid I said 
                        your fucking idea was stupid. The 
                        idea that him kicking the cunt out 
                        of some diseased prick is mean, 
                        that’s what’s stupid. Everyone 
                        knows some people deserve a good 
                        kicking, it’s an Australian 
                        tradition for Christ’s sake. Look 
                        at Anzac day, the whole fucking
                        country applauds a bunch of blokes 
                        who killed men. Why? Cause the 
                        others deserved it didn’t they. You 
                        saying our diggers are mean? 

           Elizabeth is afforded the time to respond.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Of course you’re not, you 
                        wouldn’t fucking dare. So what’s 
                        the difference between them 
                        killing yellow cunts and me 
                        putting the boot into pink ones? 
                        Nothing. I’m protecting the 
                        country aren’t I? Making it safe 
                        for future generations. Where’s 
                        my fucking parade?

           Everyone, except Jamie and Elizabeth, burst out laughing.

           John notices Troy. 

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Something funny?

           The others stop laughing. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 TROY
                        No.

                                 JOHN
                        Didn’t think so... what do you 
                        think about this shit then?

                                 TROY
                        I don’t know.

                                 JOHN
                            (mocking)
                        I don’t know.

           John and Troy eyeball one another.

                                 TROY
                        If they don’t bother me I don’t 
                        give a fuck.

           Beat.

                                 JOHN
                        Of course you don’t.

           John drinks his milk.

           There is now an uncomfortable tension in the room.

           Verna attempts to restore frivolity to the room by changing 
           the topic. 

           Jamie sits silently as conversation flows around him.

           INT. NADINE’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Nadine and Jamie sit opposite one another on an L-shaped
           couch.

                                 NADINE
                        What do you want it for?

                                 JAMIE
                        We can do a break and enter and 
                        leave it at the house. 

                                 NADINE
                        I don’t want you fucking robbing 
                        someone else.

                                 JAMIE
                        So we’ll do a shop or something.  
                        I’ll leave it there and he’ll get 
                        the shit for it.  

           Nadine ponders the proposition before leaving the room.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie sits uncomfortably.

           She returns and hands him a leather wallet. 

                                 NADINE
                        Make sure it’s a business, they’ll 
                        be insured for it.

           INT. CAR - DAY

           John sits behind the wheel watching Jamie exit Nadine’s home.

           Jamie gets into the car and hands over Michael’s wallet.

           John checks the contents of the wallet before stuffing it 
           into his jeans’ pocket.

           Jamie glances at Nadine’s house as they drive away.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           The backyard is a hive of activity. 

           Nicholas sits at the head of the kitchen table with a frosted 
           birthday cake in front of him. Sitting at the table with him 
           are John, Elizabeth, Robert, Vikki, Mark, Verna, Troy and 
           Alex. 

           Vikki’s children play nearby on a slip n slide.

           Robert’s Alsatian circles the table for food.

           Jamie sits watching on the back step. 

           He sees John hand Nicholas a gift. Nicholas unwraps it to 
           find the latest games console.  

           Robert hands his six-month old BABY over to John. He then 
           removes his T-shirt and has a go on the slip n slide.

           WIDE - Everyone at the table. Behind them looms the shed.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - MORNING

           A shadow is cast over a figure on the couch. 

           The body is shaken vigorously.

           Jamie rolls over to see John’s face hovering above him.  

                                 JOHN
                        Get up.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/SPARE ROOM - DAY

           Barely awake, Jamie enters to find Robert and Mark, both 
           holding jack handles, standing over Troy as he sleeps.

           John hands Jamie the wooden leg of a lounge suite.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Robert)
                        Now.

           Troy is hauled from his bed. 

           He has no time to react before being viscously clubbed by 
           Robert and Mark. 

           It’s fast and furious, a terrified Jamie stands motionless. 

           John picks up his own jack handle and joins the other two 
           in the attack.

           Disoriented, Troy manages to retreat to a corner in agony. 
           He looks to his brother, his eyes appealing for help.

           John and Robert grab him and toss him back to the floor.

           Their jacks hit him in the chest, stomach and legs.

           John’s boot slams into Troy’s face.

           He then turns to look for Jamie.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        Get in here.

           Jamie moves towards the others and John stands aside.

           Robert holds Troy down as Jamie beats him with the leg. He 
           strikes Troy several times but his last blow accidently 
           falls on Robert’s right hand. 

                                 ROBERT
                        Fuck!

           Jamie steps back, scared of Robert’s response.

           Jamie notices that Troy has stopped moving. He bleeds 
           profusely from the head and lies partially unconscious. 

           John hands Jamie a pair of handcuffs.

                                 JOHN
                        Put these on.

                                 JAMIE
                        Why?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        So we can give him a fucking
                        hiding.

           Jamie cuffs one of Troy’s wrists before Robert snatches the 
           cuffs from him and uses them to drag Troy out of the room 
           and down...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

           ... The hall leaving a blood stained carpet in his wake. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS

           Robert places Troy in the bath handcuffing him to a tap.

           John and Jamie can be seen approaching from the hall.

           Troy feels the full force of Robert’s knuckles across his 
           face, John arrives and joins in on the beating.

           Jamie waits in the doorway.

           Troy is screaming - part fear, part agony.

                                 TROY
                            (screaming)
                        I’ve had enough, I’ve had enough. 
                        Leave me the fuck alone.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        Go and put the tele on.

           Jamie observes Troy helplessly trying to protect his crotch 
           from Robert’s flailing fists.

                                 JOHN
                        I said put the tele on.

           Jamie turns and...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/HALL/LOUNGE/HALL - CONTINUOUS

           ... We go with him as he proceeds into the lounge.

           Venturing to the television, Jamie presses the ON button. 

           A lifestyle programme begins to play. 

           Screams can still be heard so Jamie turns the volume up 
           then trudges back towards the bathroom. On the way he 
           passes Mark, who waits in the hall.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS

           The TV can be heard as Troy lies bloodied in the bath. 

           John has cut open his tracksuit pants to reveal his 
           football shorts. 

           As Jamie returns he witnesses John use his Stanley Knife to 
           then cut open Troy’s T-Shirt. 

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        Go back and get my bag.

           Following instruction once more Jamie moves, almost zombie 
           like, down...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/HALL/LOUNGE/HALL - CONTINUOUS

           ... The hall, past Mark and inside the lounge.

           Lifting a black duffel bag from the carpeted floor he soon 
           returns to...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS

           ... The bathroom where Troy is looking worse than ever.

           The white porcelain bath is beginning to be coloured red.

           Robert reaches into the duffel bag. 

           He removes a set of pliers.

           Robert clasps the pliers around Troy’s toe.

           Robert squeezes. 

           Blood oozes out from under the nail.

           We hear a guttural scream.

           Robert moves the pliers onto another toe. 

           CLOSE on Jamie’s face as he witnesses the torture.

           The sounds of terror fill the room.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           The LIFESTYLE PROGRAMME continues to echo from the house.

           Jamie steps outside to light a cigarette. 

           He sits on the steps, ashen-faced.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The street is empty. 

           The front door opens.

           Jamie receives a tap on the shoulder.

                                 JOHN
                        You’ve gotta see this.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS

           John makes his way down the hall with Jamie shadowing.

                                 TROY (O.S.)
                        I’m going and you can’t stop me. 
                        I can’t handle living here.

           Jamie arrives to find Troy barely recognizable - bruised, 
           battered, bloodied.

           Robert is holding a small tape recorder in front of him.

                                 TROY
                            (into recorder)
                        I’ve had enough, leave me alone 
                        Mum.

           Robert stops the recording.

           John kneels down to wipe blood from Troy’s face.

                                 JOHN
                            (whispering into ear)
                        He’s here Troy. What have you got 
                        to say to him?

                                 TROY
                        Jamie?

           John punches Troy’s groin, he cries out in frustration.

                                 JOHN
                        What did I say?

                                 TROY
                            (looking up at Jamie)
                        Master. I’m sorry for being sick, 
                        forgive me... please cure me.

                                 JOHN
                            (patting Troy)
                        Good boy.

           John slips his shoe off, removes his sock and shoves it 
           down Troy’s throat.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Troy chokes profusely as Robert then wraps gaffer tape 
           around his head to hold the sock in place.

           John removes a nylon rope from the duffel bag and offers it 
           to Jamie, he refuses it. John’s disappointment is obvious. 

           The rope goes to Robert who readily accepts it. 

           He steps into the tub and begins to strangle Troy with the 
           rope using the jack handle as a lever. Robert can only use 
           one hand but it matters little as Troy has no energy left 
           to fight. 

           John moves inches from Troy’s face to stare into his eyes. 

           Robert moves the jack handle to relieve the tension, thus 
           allowing Troy to regain some breath.

                                 JOHN
                        Again.

           Robert tightens then releases.

                                 JAMIE
                        Just do it Robert.

           Robert smiles at Jamie.

                                 JAMIE (CONT’D)
                        Stop fucking around.

           Robert tightens then releases.

           Jamie rushes to the bath, knocking John out the way.

           He places his hands over Robert’s and pulls hard. 

           As the rope tightens around Troy’s neck, John looks up at 
           Jamie with pride as he squeezes the air out of Troy.

           INT. WOOLWORTHS - LATER

           CLOSE - a shopping aisle stacked with products.

           Jamie and Mark stand in a brightly lit supermarket. 

           Non-offensive MUSIC plays over the speakers.

           A MOTHER and CHILD pass by with a full trolley.

           Mark removes two types of garbage bags from the shelf.

                                 MARK
                        Which one?

           Jamie doesn’t care.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Mark makes a decision and returns a box to the shelf.

           He trudges down the aisle, Jamie follows.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - LATER

           CLOSE on John’s hands ripping open the garbage bag box. 

           WIDE - Below him, Troy’s corpse lies on the tiles, arms 
           outstretched. Robert rinses his pliers in the sink.

           Jamie stands in the doorway.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        How do you feel?

           Jamie refuses to respond.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                            (to Robert)
                        Make sure he’s dead.

           Robert stops rinsing and stands on Troy’s chest. The 
           remaining air in Troy’s lungs comes rushing out his nose 
           making a strange grunting sound. 

                                 ROBERT
                        Nah he’s fucked.

           Robert steps down. 

           WIDE - John, Robert and Jamie standing over the corpse.

           INT. FAST FOOD RESTAURANT - DAY

           A packed eatery full of DINERS. 

           The four men dine amongst them.

           John and Robert happily converse over burgers. 

           Mark sucks a milkshake through a straw.

           Jamie sits numb, his food is untouched.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BATHROOM - NIGHT

           An empty bathroom.

           The bath is full.

           A nearby lamp provides a dim light.

           Elizabeth enters and undresses.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           She slides into the warm water.

           She soaks with her eyes closed.

           Jamie enters and sits on the tiles beside the tub. 

                                 ELIZABETH
                            (softly)
                        What did they argue about?

                                 JAMIE
                        Money.

           Beat.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        Did he say where he was going?

                                 JAMIE
                        No.

           WIDE - together they sit in silence.

                                                       FADE TO BLACK.

                                                             FADE IN:

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - NIGHT(DEATH TAPE TROY/SUZANNE)

           The room is capped in an orange glow from the rising sun. 
           John and Robert sit on separate couches watching T.V and 
           eating sausages and eggs.

           At the end of the hallway the bathroom light is on.

           An answering machine message plays over the image.

                                 TROY (V.O.)
                        Mum it’s me, Troy. I’ve got to go 
                        away, I can’t fucking take it 
                        anymore Mum. I don’t want to 
                        fucking live here. I fucking hate 
                        you Mum, don’t you fucking call me. 
                        I’m going away. 

           Robert drinks from his glass of cordial as Jamie enters the 
           frame and sits.

           Another answering machine message plays over the image.

                                 SUZANNE (V.O.)
                        Hello Mum I just wanted to call and 
                        tell you that I’ve met someone, his 
                        name’s Andy. Andy wants me to live 
                        up North so I’m going to. Don’t 
                        worry you’d like him, he’s not like 
                        the others. Love you, bye.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BUNTING HOUSE - NIGHT(DEATH TAPE FRED)

           WIDE - a man, FRED BROOKS, 18, lies barely conscious in the 
           bathtub.  

                                 JOHN (V.O)
                        Hi Mum, it’s me, Fred. 

                                 FRED (V.O)
                        Hi Mum, it’s me, Fred. 

                                                              CUT TO:

           CLOSE on a television screen - a MAN’S abdominal muscles 
           clench as he uses the newest piece of exercise equipment. 
           Every few seconds static lines run across the screen.

                                 JOHN (V.O.)
                        I’m on the way to Perth. 

                                 FRED (V.O.)
                        I’m on the way to Perth.

           Jamie sits alone in the room watching the advertisement.

                                                              CUT TO:

           Jamie stands in the bath, underneath a running shower, 
           furiously scrubbing the tiled wall. His clothes are soaked 
           with a mixture of blood and water.

                                 JOHN (V.O.)
                        I’ve met a really nice chick. 

                                 FRED (V.O.)
                        I’ve met a really nice chick.

                                                              CUT TO:

           Having showered, Robert waits at the table in a towel. John 
           and Jamie are already in a fresh set of clothes.

                                 JOHN (V.O.)
                        I’ll be back some time after 
                        Christmas, Bye.

                                 FRED (V.O.)
                        I’ll be back some time after 
                        Christmas, Bye.

                                                              CUT TO:

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAWN

           The men’s clothes dry on the line.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Sunlight creeps between them as they blow in the wind. 

                                                              CUT TO:

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - MORNING

           John and Jamie rest atop plastic chairs on the lawn.

           John waves as the Torana pulls into the driveway.

           Elizabeth, Alex and Nicholas return home.

           Nicholas rushes up to John and hugs him.

           Alex helps Elizabeth collect their bags from the boot.

           Elizabeth makes her way to John and they kiss. 

           The family follow one another inside.

           Jamie is last to enter.

           INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY

           CLOSE on blood being drained from an arm.

           DR TURANG, a balding man in his mid-forties, removes the 
           syringe from Jamie’s arm.

           Jamie hops down from the inspection table and both he and Dr 
           Turang join John at Dr Turang’s desk. 

           Jamie is asked questions in regards to his health. He appears 
           almost in a daze, he keeps his answers brief. The doctor 
           mentions the symptoms of schizophrenia, Jamie agrees to 
           having all of them.

                                 DR TURANG
                            (to Jamie)
                        Lodge this with the other necessary 
                        forms at Centrelink.

           Dr Turang fills out a medical certificate and hands it over.

           John leads Jamie out of the office.

           INT. CENTRELINK - DAY

           Jamie and John sit beside one another at a desk.

           A SOCIAL WORKER looks over some paperwork, including the 
           medical certificate, then back up at Jamie.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 SOCIAL WORKER
                        This all looks fine, your allowance 
                        should be re-activated by the end 
                        of the day. You’ll receive your 
                        next payment a week from today.

           She slides a form across the table.

                                 SOCIAL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        I just need you to sign here.

           Jamie takes a pen and looks down at the dotted line.

                                 SOCIAL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        Today’s the twenty-third.

           Jamie signs and begins to date the page before pausing.

           The social worker glances across at him.

                                 SOCIAL WORKER
                        Ninety-Eight.

           Jamie writes down the year and hands the form back.

                                 SOCIAL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        Thanks Fred, do you have any other 
                        questions?

           Jamie shakes his head.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - DAY

           Alex lies asleep on the kitchen floor.

           Jamie, high, stands holding a teaspoon full of coffee grains. 
           He is motionless and staring carefully at the spoon.

           Unbeknownst to Jamie the kettle is whistling loudly.

           John enters and surveys the scene.

           He takes Alex by the foot and drags him along the lino and 
           out the back door. Alex fails to stir. 

           Having reentered, John switches off the kettle and slaps the 
           spoon out of Jamie’s hand. Jamie slowly turns to look at him.

                                 JOHN
                            (angered)
                        What a fucking waste.

           John leaves.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - DAY

           The Torana weaves through the suburban streets.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - LATER

           As John drives his eyes dart around scanning the streets.

           Jamie leans back in his chair with his eyes closed.

           John slows the car.

                                 JOHN
                        What about this one?

           Jamie slowly opens his eyes and looks out at a GARY O’DWYER, 
           29, a physically and mentally disabled man who limps down the 
           footpath.

                                 JAMIE
                        Gary? He’s just a spastic.

                                 JOHN
                        Fuck he looks like Troy. So you 
                        know him?

                                 JAMIE
                        Sort of.

                                 JOHN
                        Would anyone miss him?

           Jamie looks across at John.

                                 JAMIE
                        I don’t know.

           EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS

           WIDE - the Torana passes by an unsuspecting Gary.

           INT. GARY’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Gary and Jamie talk over a couple of beers. They sit in a 
           neat lounge room that, like Gary, has a great warmth to it. 

           An excited Gary hops up from the couch and summons Jamie to 
           follow him to the wall.

                                 GARY
                        You ever been to Semaphore Jamie?

           Jamie stands beside Gary and inspects a framed photo of a 
           coastline. Gary discusses the photo - it’s where he takes his 
           summer vacations. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Gary concludes and Jamie watches him limp back towards his 
           chair.

           EXT. GARY’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           Several colourful canaries sit inside an enclosure.

           Gary stands outside the large wire cage showing Jamie his 
           birds. Jamie eyes the birds but pays little attention to what 
           Gary is talking about. 

           Gary steps inside the enclosure to collect a rusted tuna can. 
           Through the wire he shows Jamie the three naked chicks that 
           reside inside it.

                                 JAMIE
                        Do you mind if a couple of mates 
                        come over tonight and have a drink?

                                 GARY
                        Nah, nah that would be good.

           Jamie watches Gary return the can to where it was.

           INT. GARY’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - NIGHT

           Gary stands with John showing him his Semaphore photo. John 
           is as affable as ever, listening intently to his story. 

           In the background Robert and Jamie drink beers. 

           EXT. TRUSTING HOME/LOUNGE - LATER

           A house party. MUSIC blares. The room is full of TEENAGERS 
           drinking, dancing and talking. 

           Jamie sits alone, stoned.

           Teenagers move in and out the room passing him as they go.

           A TEENAGE GIRL, plain and slightly overweight, soon sits 
           beside him. Jamie looks at her with vacant eyes.

           She begins to talk but we can’t hear what she is saying. 

           EXT. NADINE’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           Jamie floats in the centre of the pool, arms outstretched.

           His wet clothes stick to his withered frame.

           Jamie sinks.

           Nadine rushes into the pool fully clothed.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           She drags Jamie’s head out from under the water.

           INT. NADINE’S HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Nadine stands in the doorway.

           Jamie lies on Nadine’s bed, his back is to her. 

           He is dressed in a robe. 

                                 NADINE
                        You fucking idiot.

           Jamie doesn’t move.

           Nadine walks across the room and lays down behind him resting 
           her head on his pillow. She wraps her arm around Jamie. 

           CLOSE on Jamie’s face as he cries.

           Despite wanting to say much, Jamie says nothing.

           INT. NADINE’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - MORNING

           Jamie lies asleep on a fold out couch. 

           A loud thumping on the door wakes him.

           Nadine enters the room.

                                 NADINE
                            (to Jamie)
                        Stay there.

           Jamie sits up in bed and listens to the conversation at the 
           front door. It’s John and Robert demanding Jamie come home.

           Nadine refuses, insisting he stay with her. 

           EXT. NADINE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           John and Robert on the door step.

           Robert has his ONE YEAR OLD in his arms.

           The door is partly closed as Nadine stands behind it.

           Robert and Nadine continue to argue over Jamie.

           Robert becomes quite threatening.

           John says nothing, his eyes are focused down the street.

           Jamie appears from behind Nadine. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           He steps outside towards John.

                                 JAMIE
                            (to Nadine)
                        It’s okay. 

                                 NADINE
                        Jamie you don’t have to.

           John leads the way, Jamie and Robert follow.

           INT. CAR(MOVING) - MORNING

           John clasps the wheel, Jamie sits beside him and Robert holds 
           his child on his lap in the backseat. 

           They drive in silence. 

           John spots Jamie clasping his trembling hand, attempting to 
           hold it still. He looks back at the road but is continually 
           distracted by Jamie’s drug affected hand. 

           The Torana turns into Robert’s street and pulls up outside 
           his home.

                                 JOHN
                        There you go mate.

                                 ROBERT
                        You want me to come round tonight?

           John turns to look at Robert.

                                 JOHN
                        Nah, spend some time with your 
                        family... I’ll call ya tomorrow.

                                 ROBERT
                        Alright.

           John extends his hand.

                                 JOHN
                            (smiling)
                        Cheers mate.

           They shake hands.

           Robert alights with his child and crosses the front lawn.

           John watches Robert enter his front door, the smile goes from 
           his face. He turns to look at Jamie.

           John viciously throws out his left arm and pins Jamie’s face 
           against the passenger window.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie’s face is pressed hard against the glass as John’s 
           thick hand presses firmly against his other cheek.

           John notices that Jamie is grimacing in pain, he pushes even 
           harder. The window is buckling under the pressure. 

           CLOSE on John’s stare, fuelled by hurt. 

           He eventually releases his grip and Jamie quickly clutches 
           the side of his face.

           John calms himself, his anger turns to dejection.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        I really need you to stop fucking
                        around with that shit mate.

           There’s a desperation in his voice.

                                 JAMIE
                            (still holding face)
                        Okay John.

           John studies Jamie as he removes his hand from his face, 
           there’s a noticeable red welt. 

                                 JOHN
                        You’ve gotta stop worrying so much, 
                        it’s not like we’re playing with 
                        lawyers or doctors or something... 
                        no one even cares. For Christ’s 
                        sake the neighbours barely notice 
                        when someone’s missing. The kids 
                        notice but. You noticed didn’t you? 
                        Shit, I wish there was someone like 
                        me round when I was growing up.

           Jamie glances across at John who is clearly upset.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Nah mate, you’re lucky. 

           Jamie is feeling increasingly guilty for upsetting John.

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah I know.

                                 JOHN
                        Do you?

           John and Jamie look at one another. 

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah.

           John returns his eyes to the road and puts the car into gear.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                        Good.

           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           From behind we see the car continue down the empty street.

           INT. GARY’S HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           The house has been ransacked. Most valuables are gone, 
           furniture is upturned, glass cupboards smashed.

           Jamie carries a sports bag through the home. 

           As he moves, he collects anything left of value and places it 
           inside the bag. Major items, such as televisions and stereos, 
           have already gone. 

           Jamie finds a clock, magazines and a lamp to go in the bag.

           He notices the framed photo of the beach on the wall.

           EXT. GARY’S HOUSE/BACKYARD - LATER

           Jamie stands in front of the enclosure inspecting his 
           canaries. The enclosure is not how Jamie last saw it. Both 
           the food and water trays are empty and the metal floor is 
           covered in bird droppings. 

           Jamie notices the rusted tuna can. He moves to the side of 
           the cage and looks inside the can, the chicks are alive.

           Jamie takes some bird seed from near the back step and 
           placing his bag at the entry he steps inside the enclosure.  

           Jamie fills up the food tray.

           He removes the water tray from the wire wall and steps out.

           INT. GARY’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           CLOSE on running water from a tap.

           Jamie fills the tray with water from the sink.

                                 FEMALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        Excuse me.

           Jamie turns to see a COUNCIL WORKER from the housing trust. 
           She is middle aged and wears dark slacks with her blouse.

                                 COUNCIL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        Do you live here?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Jamie turns off the tap.

                                 JAMIE
                        I’m just here to feed the birds.

                                 COUNCIL WORKER
                        And where’s your friend?

                                 JAMIE
                        He’s gone.

                                 COUNCIL WORKER
                        Typical, they just piss off and let 
                        others clean up their mess. 

           The lady begins tidying up the kitchen.

                                 COUNCIL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        No pride these people around here. 
                        Don’t care about anything, go in 
                        one house, trash it and move onto 
                        the next. Bloody kids walking 
                        around naked and unfed. Someone 
                        needs to come along, take them away 
                        and bomb the whole place.  

           The council worker sights the tray in Jamie’s hands.

                                 COUNCIL WORKER (CONT’D)
                        You know those birds won’t be able 
                        to stay here, I’ve got another 
                        family moving in next week. You can 
                        take them if you like?

           Jamie thinks about it.

                                 JAMIE
                        Just let ‘em go.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE/BACKYARD - DAY

           John sits on the back step.

           In the middle of the yard Alex stands on a chair.  

           He wears his mother’s floral dress and stockings.

           His arms are outstretched.

           He clasps a brick in each hand.

           John stares at Alex as the strain shows on his face. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie is watching John and Alex through the window.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. MARK HAYDON’S HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT

           A mass of fridge magnets cover the fridge door.

           Two CATS roam along the lino.

           Jamie, John, Robert and Mark surround the kitchen table.

           In between them is a slab of Hahn Ice.

           Verna’s two YOUNG CHILDREN rush around the house screaming.

           Mark is busy describing a boat that he discovered in the 
           local trading post, he claims that it’s at a fair price.

           Jamie drinks more than he listens.

           The children become even louder, annoying John.

                                 JOHN
                        Jesus Mark put a leash on them 
                        would you.

                                 MARK
                        Sorry mate, Verna’s gone to her 
                        Mum’s, we had a barney last night. 

                                 JOHN
                        Yeah?

                                 MARK
                        Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about 
                        it actually.

           John detects the seriousness in Mark’s voice.

                                 JOHN
                        How come?

                                 MARK
                        Cause I was a bit pissy. 

                                 JOHN
                        And?

                                 MARK
                        And Verna was too, she started 
                        carrying on and yelling at me. 
                        Saying I’m not man enough for her, 
                        saying I don’t fuck her properly. 

           John laughs.

                                 JOHN
                        What did you do?

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 MARK (CONT’D)
                        I told her if I’m not a real man, 
                        how come I can bury blokes? A pussy 
                        couldn’t do that could he? I mean 
                        what’s she ever fucking done?

           John’s laughter stops.

                                 MARK (CONT’D)
                        I know. I’m sorry mate, it’s just 
                        you know what she’s like, she just 
                        makes me so fucking angry. But 
                        don’t worry mate, don’t worry, I 
                        told her to keep her mouth shut 
                        other wise I’d kick her and the 
                        bloody kids out. 

           Both Mark and Jamie are wary of John’s reaction.

                                 MARK (CONT’D)
                        I feel fucking terrible about it 
                        mate. I’m real sorry.

           Mark hangs his head in shame, tears well in his eyes.

                                 JOHN
                        It’s alright.

                                 MARK
                        I’m real sorry John.

                                 JOHN
                        Forget about it.

           Jamie looks at John rest his hand on Mark’s shoulder.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - DAY

           A garage sale.

           Furniture, clothes and other belongings are strewn across the 
           lawn, several of which seem familiar to us; Gary’s clock, 
           Suzanne’s paintings and Thomas’ tartan hat.   

           Jamie stands by the front door smoking while watching John  
           in an armchair. 

           Only a few interested SHOPPERS are circling.

           Jamie discards his cigarette and steps inside moving...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/HALL - CONTINUOUS

           ... Down the hall until stopping at his mother’s bedroom. 

           He stands in the doorway looking in.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS

           Pills are scattered across a dresser.

           Elizabeth sits in front of the dresser, inspecting herself in 
           the mirror. She’s a mess - pale, haggard, detached.

           Jamie joins her on the bed.

           Acquiring a brush he begins to gently comb her hair.

           We watch them in the mirror’s reflection. 

                                 ELIZABETH
                        You have to take Alex away.

           Jamie looks at his mother momentarily before continuing to 
           brush her hair.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/OFFICE - DAY

           Jamie and Alex pack clothes and possessions into bags.  

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - LATER

           Jamie and Alex exit the home carrying Alex’s things. 

           Marcus waits for them behind the wheel of his idling Ute.

           David steps out the passenger door and collects the bags from 
           the two boys and tosses them in the back. 

                                 DAVID
                            (to Alex)
                        You right?

                                 ALEX
                        Yeah.

           Jamie watches as Alex and David join Marcus inside the Ute. 

           Jamie waves as the car leaves the drive.

           Alex fails to wave back.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/OFFICE - NIGHT

           John sits at his computer with headphones wrapped around his 
           neck. He notices Jamie walk by the doorway.

                                 JOHN
                            (calling out)
                        Hey Jamie, come here.

           Jamie enters. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Read this.

           John hands Jamie a note pad before lifting a small microphone 
           up to Jamie’s mouth.

           Jamie is reluctant, he looks at John disapprovingly.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                        Just fucking read it.

           Jamie reads from the pad.

                                 JAMIE
                            (lacking expression)
                        Me I’m good, how are you? How is 
                        your Mum? I don’t care what anyone 
                        says I fucking hate pedo’s, they’re 
                        pathetic, they’re shit. I reckon 
                        they should just leave the kids 
                        alone.

           Jamie finishes and puts the note pad down. He then watches as 
           John goes to work dragging the cursor across the screen. 

           John concentrates hard as he uses his Sound Forge program. 

           The cursor soon clicks on play.

           John turns on his speakers.

           Jamie’s voice comes out from the computer.

                                 JAMIE (V.O.)
                        I don’t fucking care, you’re a shit
                        Mum, you’re pathetic. I fucking
                        hate you. Leave me alone.

           John looks at Jamie with unbridled enthusiasm.

                                 JOHN
                        How good is it?

           Beat.

                                 JAMIE
                        It’s pretty good John.

           John goes back to playing with his new toy.

           INT. FLAT/LOUNGE - DAY

           A cramped lounge with pale blue walls.

           Jamie waits by the door as David gets dressed.

           A BRUNETTE WOMAN lies asleep in David’s bedroom. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 DAVID
                        So where’s this computer at?

                                 JAMIE
                        North of Clare.

                                 DAVID
                        And all they want is two hundred?

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah.

                                 DAVID
                        Is it any good?

                                 JAMIE
                        Probably not.

           David considers his options.

                                 DAVID
                        Fuck it, for two hundred it’s worth 
                        a look. When can we go? 

                                 JAMIE
                        How about Sunday?

                                 DAVID
                        Cool.

           David is now fully clothed, he spit shines his runners.

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        Who’s selling it?

                                 JAMIE
                        Just a mate.

           EXT. BEACH - DAY

           Jamie, John, Elizabeth and Nicholas arrive and take their 
           place on the sand. None of them are dressed for the beach.

           Nicholas starts stripping off.

           John removes his own top.

                                 JOHN
                            (to Elizabeth)
                        You coming in?

           Elizabeth slips off her shoes and digs her feet into the warm 
           sand.

                                 ELIZABETH
                        I’m happy here.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JOHN
                            (to Jamie)
                        What about you?

           Jamie shakes his head.

           Nicholas, now only in his underwear, runs into the water. 

           John takes off his jeans.

                                 JOHN (CONT’D)
                            (to Jamie)
                        So did you talk to him?

                                 JAMIE
                        He doesn’t want it.

           John eyeballs Jamie.

           John strides off in his jocks to join Nicholas in the ocean. 
           Upon reaching him, he lifts Nicholas up and throws him into 
           the waves.  

           Jamie and Elizabeth sit watching, there is a noticeable 
           distance between them. 

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           Jamie is stretched across the couch wearing only a pair of 
           silk boxer shorts. His eyes are focused on something.

           CLOSE on Jamie’s face.

           He is watching Nicholas play a video game.

           Nicholas’s hair is now shaved.

           Jamie stands. 

           We follow him as he...

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

           ... Enters the kitchen and searches through the drawers.

           He drags a phone book out and flicks through it.

           Having found a number, Jamie dials.

           A voice is heard on the other end of the line.

                                 MALE VOICE (V.O.)
                        Good morning, this is Constable 
                        Keegan, how can I help you?  

           Jamie opens his mouth to speak.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 MALE VOICE (V.O.)
                        Hello? Hello?

           Jamie hangs up.

           He turns around to see John, head shorn, in the doorway 
           looking back at him.

                                 JOHN
                        Put some clothes on.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - DAY

           John leads Jamie out to the street where Mark’s Holden 
           Kingswood waits for them.

                                 JAMIE
                            (nervous)
                        What are we doing?

                                 JOHN
                        Going for a drive.

           John enters the car through the passenger door.

           INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie enters. Beside him in the back seat he finds two bags 
           of cement and on the other side of those is Robert. 

           Mark is behind the wheel.

           Jamie feels claustrophobic squeezed in the car with these 
           men. He rests his arm on the cement bags.

           Mark navigates the car down the road.

           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - DUSK

           As the sun sets the Kingswood traverses along a dirt road. 
           Dust clouds are left in its wake.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           Silence. 

           John stares out to the road, seemingly in deep thought.

           Jamie nervously watches him from the back seat.

           The car passes nothing but dry paddocks.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT

           The Kingswood’s headlights shine across a gravel road.

           It appears to be the only car on a long stretch of road.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           Continued silence.

           Jamie can only partially view the side of John’s face.

           He sits terrified as the car moves closer to its destination.

           EXT. SNOWTOWN - NIGHT

           The break lights illume as the car slows to make a turn.

           Houses lay dormant as the Kingswood passes them by.

           EXT. BANK - LATER

           WIDE - The car comes to a stop outside a derelict red brick 
           building with two large silver doors.

           Mark, Robert and John alight.

           Both Mark and Robert collect two bags of cement out from the 
           boot. John carries with him a backpack.

           INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie hasn’t moved. 

           John taps on his window.

                                 JOHN
                            (pointing at cement)
                        Get those would you?

           EXT. BANK - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie exits the Kingswood carrying the two bags of cement in 
           his arms. He trails John and Mark, Robert follows him.

           The four men move along the side fence of the building’s 
           backyard and enter in through an iron gate.

           We follow Jamie as he walks through a small yard and into... 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           INT. BANK/HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

           ... The disused bank.

           As he trudges down the darkened hall Jamie can feel Robert’s 
           presence behind him.

           He passes a kitchen, a bathroom and a manager’s office.

           INT. BANK/FOYER - CONTINUOUS

           Gripped with fear Jamie enters the main foyer.

           John turns on the light and drops the backpack.

           As Jamie moves he looks round the room and sees nothing but 
           some items on a bench; rope, knives, bags, bottles of acid. 

           He soon stops walking.

           Robert takes the bags of cement from his arms and drops them 
           outside a vault.

           John lifts up a section of carpet and removes a metal bar 
           from underneath it. He turns to see Jamie petrified.

                                 JOHN
                        What?

           Beat.

                                 JAMIE
                        Nothing.

           John stares at Jamie before walking to the vault. He slides 
           the bar in between the handle and begins to turn it. 

           The vault opens, Jamie stands frozen in fear.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/LOUNGE - DAY

           All of the curtains are drawn.

           The house resembles a darkened cave.

           Jamie carries car keys through the room.

           INT. BUNTING HOUSE/BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS

           Elizabeth lies in bed.

           Jamie enters, placing her car keys on the dresser.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
                                 JAMIE
                        I’m going out Mum, I’ll see you 
                        later okay?

           Elizabeth appears almost comatose.

           Jamie kisses her on the cheek and leaves.

           EXT. BUNTING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie crosses the street. 

           David’s Nissan Exa Turbo is idling.

           Jamie opens the passenger door and gets in.

                                 DAVID
                        We got time for a pot?

                                 JAMIE
                        Yeah okay.

           INT. TAVERN - DAY

           After work DRINKERS line the public bar.

           Squeezed between them are Jamie and David.

           They drink from their pots.

           David concentrates on a television mounted on the wall.

                                 DAVID
                        I need a piss.

           Removing himself from his stool, David heads to the toilet.

                                 NADINE (O.S.)
                        Jamie.

           Jamie looks to the end of the bar and sees Nadine collecting 
           her bourbon and coke.

           She approaches and invites him to join her and her workmates
           for a drink. Jamie reluctantly agrees.

           He carries his pot to a table of MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN.  

           Nadine introduces him to the others.

           Jamie sits at the only empty chair at the table.

           The women are loud. 

           Jamie just sits there, surrounded by incessant chatter.

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           It is not long before David has returned from the toilet. 

           He whistles at Jamie and signals that it’s time to leave.

           David exits.

           Jamie looks at Nadine who is caught up in a discussion.

           He quietly removes himself from the table.

           EXT. TAVERN - DAY

           Jamie walks across the car park.

           He joins David inside the Nissan.

           David turns the key in the ignition.

           EXT. PRINCES HIGHWAY - DAY

           WIDE - The Nissan belts down the highway.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - DAY

           Jamie and David discuss David’s girlfriend, David’s happy. 

           EXT. DIRT ROAD - DUSK

           The Nissan is pulled to the side of the road.

           David waits behind the wheel.

           WIDE - Motorists speed past as Jamie urinates in the grass.  

           Jamie gazes out at the wheat fields.

           As the sun sets over the fields they appear almost golden.

           The light shines into Jamie’s eyes.

           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT

           The Nissan turns off the highway.

           The headlights shine out onto a dilapidated road littered 
           with pot holes.

           INT. CAR - NIGHT

           CLOSE on a red light flashing.

           BELLS ring out as a boom lowers in front of the Nissan. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           The car idles, Jamie and David wait in silence. 

           Jamie stares at the light of the approaching train. 

           Light is cast over the two men as the train passes.

           The boom begins to rise.

           David puts the car into gear.

           CLOSE on the light, it ceases flashing.

           EXT. CAR (MOVING) - LATER

           The Nissan enters a small country town.

           INT. CAR (MOVING) - CONTINUOUS

           Jamie views the images that pass him by.

           A country-style home surrounded by garden gnomes. 

           A disused train station. 

           Two towering wheat silos.

           A large brick hotel.

           EXT. BANK - CONTINUOUS

           The Nissan comes to a halt outside the town’s former bank

           David alights. 

           WIDE - he strolls around the corner to the back gate.

           Jamie is slow to open his door. 

           He catches up with David and they enter the back gate.

           WIDE - the bank lies in darkness. 

           INT. BANK/HALL - CONTINUOUS

           David strides down the hall in front of Jamie.

           The foyer light can be seen at the end of the hall.

           INT. BANK/FOYER - CONTINUOUS

           David and Jamie enter. 

           A computer resides on the floor in centre of the room. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           In front of the computer is a large section of black plastic 
           sheeting spread out like a picnic blanket.

           David sees John and Robert sitting nearby.  

           John looks up at David. 

           John holds his gaze.

           David turns his back on John to look at Jamie. 

           Jamie stares back at him.

           INT. VAULT - NIGHT

           A flickering florescent light.

           Jamie sits slumped on the floor resting his back against the 
           cold wall of a confined bank vault. 

           His knees are up, his head is lowered.

           Running along the wall directly in front of him are six black 
           barrels the size of forty-four gallon drums.

           The vault door opens but Jamie remains still.

           John enters, stepping through black plastic sheeting that 
           hangs in the vault’s doorway. He, like Jamie, wears white 
           parachute jumpsuits that cover their entire body, revealing 
           only their face. Both men’s suits are covered in blood.

           John taps Jamie’s leg with his foot, signalling for him to 
           get up. Jamie looks up to see John standing over him.

           John exits leaving Jamie alone with the barrels.

           CLOSE on his face.

           Jamie looks directly at CAMERA.

                                                       FADE TO BLACK:

           The following title cards appear one after the other;

           On May 20th 1999, following an investigation into the sudden 
           disappearance of Verna Sinclair, police discovered the 
           remains of eight victims inside barrels located at a disused 
           bank in Snowtown, South Australia. 

           Two more bodies were later found under a water tank at 203 
           Waterloo Corner Road.

           On May 21st 1999 several arrests were made. 

           Robert Wagner was found guilty of seven murders and Mark 
           Lawrence was guilty of five counts of assisting murder. 

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
           Australia’s worst ever serial killer, John Bunting, was found 
           guilty of eleven murders and sentenced to life imprisonment. 

           On September 6th 2001, Elizabeth Harvey died of cancer. 

           As a result she was never sentenced for her part in the 
           murder of Ray Davies. 

           Jamie Vlassakis was found guilty of four murders and received 
           a life sentence with a non-parole period of 26 years. 

           As a result of testifying against his co-accussed he is 
           currently serving his prison term, under a false name, in an 
           undisclosed location.

           In 2025 authorities will decide whether or not he should be 
           released. He will be forty-five years old.

           TITLE CARD: SNOWTOWN

           Roll Credits

             ShootingScript(Blue2ndamendments)Copyright Warp Films Australia 2010
