                                   THE ROAD 

                                 By Joe Penhall 

                      Based on the novel by Cormac McCarthy 
           EXT. RIDGE - PRE-DAWN 

           A MAN of about forty and a BOY of eight are asleep, camped on a 
           tarp under a rock ledge, the blackened chasm of a burnt valley 
           spread out below. They are both emaciated and exhausted, their 
           faces and hands coated in grime and soot from the burned, 
           blackened landscape around them. Their hair is greasy and 
           straggly and the MAN has a scraggly beard. Dirty black rain 
           falls with a CLATTER on the tarp, which is bright blue, the only 
           color in sight. The MAN is woken by something, he instinctively 
           reaches out to touch the BOY, his hand rests on his chest and 
           rises and falls with each of the sleeping BOY’s breaths.

           There is a low RUMBLE, the ground starts to TREMBLE and the BOY 
           wakes.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? (NO REPLY.) Papa? 

                                 MAN.
                        Shh. It’s okay.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it, Papa?

           They listen as it grows NEARER and LOUDER, everything SHAKING, 
           tree roots GROANING and SPLITTING, until it passes between them 
           with a ROAR like a subway train right beneath them. The BOY is 
           now clinging to the MAN and crying, his head buried against his 
           chest in fear.

                                 MAN.
                        Shh. It’s all right. It’s all right. 
                        It’s gone

                                 BOY.
                        What was it, Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        It was an earthquake.

           OPENING CREDITS:

                                 (cid:13)                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)           EXT. CORN FIELD - DAY

           The intense BUZZING of summer insects and the SONG of songbirds. 
           A birds eye view of a bucolic mid west farming landscape, corn 
           field, blue skies, sunshine, a FARMER PLOUGHING a nearby field 
           with a TRACTOR, grain silos and a hay stack.

           The camera descends on a lake surrounded by the stumps of shorn 
           birch trees, two MEN are sawing a tree down with chain saws. The 
           camera glides across the lake and catches up with a MAN smoking 
           a cob pipe in a little BOAT with an outboard, a BIRCH STUMP 
           jerking along behind him on a rope creating a swell in the 
           water. It travels up a nearby dirt road to a clapboard house 
           with an apple orchard, FRUIT PICKERS picking APPLES and putting 
           them in pails.

           INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT

           FLASHBACK - A warm night, the same MAN - a few years younger, 
           short haired, without the beard - is asleep with his pregnant 
           WIFE, no sheets on the bed. The MAN is restless and wakes. A 
           distant RUMBLING, indistinct - the MAN swings his feet off of 
           the bed and goes to the window, anxious.

           INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT

           The MAN is in his shorts, sweating, putting a plug in the bath 
           and turning on the taps as far as they will go. His WIFE appears 
           in the doorway in a nightdress and leans against the door frame 
           watching, blearily, cradling her pregnant belly. 

                                 WIFE.
                        Why are you taking a bath?

                                 MAN.
                        I’m not.

           His WIFE takes off her nightdress and goes to the bath.

                                 WIFE.
                        You’ll sleep better.

           He looks at her, surprised she’s misunderstood.
                                                     (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I’m not. Put your clothes back on.

           She sees he’s looking out the window now - there’s a dull rose-
           colored glow of distant fire through the glass.

                                 WIFE.
                        What is it? What is happening?

           END OF FLASHBACK:

           TITLE: THE ROAD.

           EXT. ROAD - DAY

           In the burnt, barren landscape, through swirls of soft ash and 
           smoggy air the MAN appears dressed as if homeless, a filthy old 
           PARKA with the hood up, a knapsack on his back, pushing a rusted 
           shopping CART with a bicycle mirror clamped to the handle and 
           the BLUE tarp now covering it’s load. The little BOY, similarly 
           dressed with a KNAPSACK on his back, shuffles through the ash at 
           his side.

           There is a flicker of lightning over head, then more, but no 
           thunder.

           EXT. GAS STATION - DAY

           Abandoned pumps, broken asphalt, the earthquake has caused  a 
           large FISSURE to open up on the forecourt, a crack in the 
           concrete a foot wide. The MAN and the BOY stand in the road 
           studying the forecourt.

                                 MAN.
                        I think we should check it out. Shall 
                        we take a look?

           INT. SERVICE BAY - DAY

           The BOY waits at the door as the MAN goes through a standing 
           tool box, examining and discarding various sockets and ratches, 
           no good tools. The BOY studies the metal desk, cash register, 
           shelves of parts filmed with dust, a phone.
                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                     (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)           The MAN drags the steel trash drum over and tips it out and paws 
           through the empty quarts of oil. He stands each one upside down, 
           draining the dregs into a pan. He watches a moment as the BOY 
           picks up the telephone and listens to nothingness.

           The MAN finds a quart bottle with a lid and decants the oil 
           collected in the pan into the bottle, screwing the lid on tight 
           when he’s finished.

                                 MAN.
                        Oil for the lamp.

                                 BOY.
                        Now you can read me a story, can’t you 
                        papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Sure I can.

           EXT. RIDGE/ CAMPSITE - EVENING

           The sky is filled with a lattice work of silent lightning, no 
           thunder, constantly flickering. They are camped high up on the 
           ridge of a mountainside, a line of dead tees behind.  There is a 
           camp fire with wet clothes hanging to dry on sticks beside it. 
           The MAN is erecting the blue tarp over string tied between two 
           sticks stuck in the ground. The BOY is sitting lighting a 
           lantern between the sticks so the tarp is erected over him and 
           he finds himself inside the makeshift tent, his shadow stark 
           against the illuminated blue tarp. He gets out a BOOK and looks 
           at the pictures in the lamplight.

           EXT. RIDGE/CAMPSITE - MORNING

           The MAN awakens bathed in firey light as if the sun has come 
           out. There is pale gray snow all around him with a quivering 
           orange glow. He gets up to investigate, looks to the line of 
           trees up the ridge where a FOREST FIRE is burning, CRACKLING in 
           the distance. He stands staring at the fire, the warmth and 
           light moving him, enlivening him and not frightening him at all. 
           The BOY has got up and appears at his side, yawning. He looks at 
           the sky at a single gray SNOWFLAKE drifting down. 

                                 BOY.
                        It’s snowing!
                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        It’s like it used to be when the sun 
                        came out.

           The BOY catches the snowflake in his hand, surprised. 

           EXT. ROAD/PLAIN - DAY

           They travel along the road through drifting wood smoke, smoke 
           pouring off the ground like mist and thin black trees burning 
           like candles on the snowy ridge.

           They reach a spot where fire has crossed the road melting the 
           tarmac. Their feet stick in the molten tarmac, it sucks at their 
           shoes and they stop. Just ahead they see a set of foot prints in 
           the tar and study them.

                                 BOY.
                        Who is it?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know. 

           The MAN looks through a pair of BINOCULARS and sees: A stooped 
           figure up ahead, a DYING MAN dragging one leg slightly, limping 
           along. He stops and stands uncertainly, then continues. The BOY 
           sees him too.

                                 BOY.
                        What should we do Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        We’re all right. Let’s just follow and 
                        watch.

                                 BOY.
                        Take a look.

                                 MAN.
                        Yeah. Take a look.
                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)           EXT. ROAD/HILL - LATE AFTERNOON

           The DYING MAN is getting slower and slower as they climb a 
           slope, following, until he finally stops and simply sits in the 
           road. The BOY hangs onto the MAN’s coat anxiously as they 
           approach.

           POV BOY - the DYING MAN is burnt, his clothing scorched and skin 
           black with soot. One eye is burnt shut and his hair is a nitty 
           wig of ash. His shoes are bound with wire and coated with road 
           tar. As they pass by the DYING MAN looks down, averting his 
           eyes. The BOY keeps looking, unable to take his eyes off him.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa, what’s wrong with that man?

                                 MAN.
                        He’s been struck by lightning.

                                 BOY.
                        Can’t we help him? Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        No. We can’t help him.

           They keep walking away and the BOY tugs at the MAN’s coat.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Stop it.

                                 BOY.
                        Can’t we help him, Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        No. We can’t. There’s nothing to be 
                        done for him.
                                         (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)           EXT. BRIDGE - EVENING

           They are camped under the bridge, ash and slurry drift by on the 
           river, a dull sulphur light from the fires glows against the 
           sky.  The MAN is erecting the tarp, the BOY is staring at the 
           lightning, his back to him.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s nothing we could have done. 
                        (NO REPLY.) He’s going to die. We 
                        can’t share what we have or we’ll die 
                        too.

                                 BOY.
                        I know.

                                 MAN.
                        So when are you going to talk to me 
                        again?

                                 BOY.
                        I’m talking now.

                                 MAN.
                        Are you sure?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes.

           EXT. BARN - DAY

           They come to a barn beside the road. Nailed to the barn door is 
           a boar hide with a ratty tail. They look at each other.

                                 MAN.
                        Let’s take a look.

           The man picks up the revolver and they go inside cautiously.

           INT. BARN - DAY

           Three pairs of FEET wearing different shoes - a man’s shoes, a 
           woman’s shoes, and a CHILD’s sneakers - hang above three 
           carefully placed chairs. The MAN and the BOY barely react. 
                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        There could be something here. There 
                        could be corn or something.

                                 MAN.
                        No, they ran out of food.

                                 BOY.
                        Maybe we could find some hayseeds in 
                        the hayloft?

           The BOY eyes the empty hayloft, goes over to the swinging 
           CORPSES, studying them. 

                                 MAN.
                        It’s not what you think. They 
                        committed suicide.

                                 BOY.
                        What does that mean?

                                 MAN.
                        You know what that means.

           The MAN GOES outside while the BOY thinks about it a moment.

           EXT. FARM YARD - DAY

           The BOY comes out and finds the MAN sitting on the wheel of a 
           dusty, faded, soot-coated red tractor.

                                 MAN.
                        Come here, sit down a minute.

           He takes the BOY onto his lap and takes out his revolver, opens 
           the magazine and shows him. There are two bullets left.

                                 MAN.
                        You see that? Two left. One for you 
                        and one for me. 

           He helps cock the pistol and curls the BOY’s thin index finger 
           around the trigger.
                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        You put it in your mouth and point it 
                        up. Like this. Just like I showed you.

           He puts the barrel of the pistol in his own mouth until the BOY 
           nods, wide eyed. He takes the pistol out of his mouth.

                                 MAN.
                        You got it?

                                 BOY.
                        I think.

                                 MAN.
                        Is it okay?

                                 BOY.
                        Okay.

                                 MAN.
                        Okay. Let’s go.

           The BOY hops off his lap and stands about uncertainly as the MAN 
           gets up, looks around, sets off.

           INT. CLAPBOARD HOUSE - DAY 

           FLASHBACK - the WOMAN is sitting by the window, staring out at 
           the garden which is barren, the sky gray but tinged with the 
           same fireglow seen earlier, a film of gray ash covers dead lawn 
           and shrubs. She is heavily pregnant. The MAN sets down chipped 
           old plates and spoons, spoons beans from a pot and sits to eat.

           As the WOMAN starts to eat she winces and freezes with a look of 
           horror, spoon halfway to her mouth. She looks down and sees:

           POV WIFE - water and blood running down her legs.

                                 WIFE.
                        Oh no. Oh no. 

                                 MAN.
                        It’s okay, I’ll help you. Just like we 
                        said. 
                                    (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                 WIFE.
                        No no no...

                                 MAN.
                        I’ll light a fire. I’ll heat water. We 
                        can do it.

           As he goes out she MOANS in despair.

           INT. KITCHEN/CLAPBOARD HOUSE - DAY

           The MAN rushes in and opens a drawer in the sideboard. Instead 
           of cutlery it contains a pair of kitchen shears, a bottle of 
           antiseptic, worn but clean towels and a pair of worn out yellow 
           rubber dish gloves, all laid out in readiness.

           The WOMAN appears at the door, blood running down a leg.

                                 WIFE.
                        We don’t have to.

                                 MAN.
                        Well, I think we probably do.

                                 WIFE.
                        What kind of life is this?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s life. It’s the only thing left. 

           He takes his WIFE back into the other room.

           INT. CLAPBOARD HOUSE - DAY

           TERRIBLE SCREAMING. The WIFE lies on the kitchen table SCREAMING 
           as she has her first contractions. The MAN is wearing the rubber 
           gloves, one gloved hand resting on his WIFE’s leg, about to 
           deliver his own baby. He wipes his brow and leaves a smear of 
           blood as the SCREAMING goes on.

                                 WIFE.
                        I can’t.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s coming.
                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           END OF FLASHBACK.

           EXT. CAMPSITE - NIGHT

           A pan of water boils on the campfire and the BOY crouches under 
           a leanto made with the tarp. The MAN opens his knapsack by the 
           fire and produces a packet of COCOA. He fixes a cup of cocoa for 
           the boy. He hands the BOY the cup of cocoa and as the BOY 
           examines it and drinks, the MAN surreptitiously pours himself a 
           mug of water and sits blowing on it. The BOY realises the MAN 
           has left him all the cocoa.

                                 BOY.
                        You promised not to do that.

                                 MAN.
                        What?

                                 BOY.
                        You know what, Papa. I have to watch 
                        you all the time. 

                                 MAN.
                        I know I’m sorry.

                                 BOY.
                        If you break little promises you’ll 
                        break big ones. That’s what you said.

           The MAN relents, pouring the hot water back into the pan and 
           taking some of the BOY’s cocoa into his own cup.

           EXT. SUBURBS - DAY

           They trudge through the suburbs on the edge of town, past what 
           used to be the local ball park, now barren, dead, a vast flat 
           expanse of ash and cracked, scorched earth, forlorn stands and 
           bleachers blackened by ash and soot. They eye it as they go by.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        I used to watch the ball games here 
                        with my father. 
                             (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                              (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)           EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY

           They walk up a once tree-lined suburban street, barren now, ash 
           and dust layer what used to be front lawns, post boxes, picket 
           fences, porches, crazy paving. The MAN stops outside a typical, 
           suburban clapboard house with a dead, cracked yard where the 
           lawn used to be and a bare flag pole. The BOY eyes the MAN 
           enquiringly.

                                 BOY.
                        What is this place, Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s the house where I grew up.

           They go up to the house - clapboards have been removed for 
           firewood leaving studs and insulation exposed. The BOY stops, 
           reluctant to go further, and the MAN takes a few more steps then 
           turns around to check on him.

                                 MAN.
                        You coming?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want to.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t you want to see where I grew up?

                                 BOY.
                        There might be somebody in there.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s nobody there now.

           The MAN takes the BOY’s hand and they approach a basketball hoop 
           by the garage. The MAN is momentarily overcome with emotion as 
           he recalls the details, but it doesn’t mean much to the BOY. 

           After a moment the MAN goes up the steps and the BOY follows. 
           The BOY notices a stuffed toy dog in the window, staring out at 
           the garden. They slip off their backpacks and dump them amongst 
           the trash piled up on the porch, kicking through it to the door. 
           The MAN approaches the front door and warily pushes it open.
                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)           INT. DINING ROOM/HOME - EVENING

           The pine panelling is stripped from the walls, there is some 
           broken furniture but much has been taken for firewood. They go 
           over to the fireplace and the MAN examines it. He runs his 
           fingers along the mantle where there is an old drawing pin still 
           stuck in the wood.

                                 MAN.
                        This is where we used to have 
                        Christmas when I was a boy. We’d hang 
                        our stockings right here. 

           The MAN examines the yellow tiled surround.

                                 MAN.
                        My mother scrubbed these every day. 
                        It’s still spotless. 

           By the fireplace is a small pile of bones - and in the grid are 
           more burnt bones and the skull from the family cat. The MAN 
           takes it all in sadly.

           INT. KITCHEN/HOME - EVENING

           The MAN pushes into the kitchen, still holding the BOY’s hand. 
           The cupboards are open and bare except for one solitary can of 
           butter beans. He grabs the tin and hands it to the BOY who takes 
           it and examines it idly. The MAN turns to a sideboard with ash 
           coated china and cutlery, a deck of cards, a box of candles. He 
           grabs the cards.

           EXT. PORCH/HOME - EVENING

           The MAN and the BOY trudge up the steps clutching arms full of 
           dead tree branches for firewood and go inside.

           INT. DINING ROOM/HOME - NIGHT

           There is now a fire in the grate but the smoke isn’t going up 
           the blocked chimney, it’s rising to the ceiling. 
                                         (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)           The BOY stands in his parka, hood up, fanning the smoky fire 
           with one hand, holding the opened tin of beans with the other, 
           nervously preparing to put the tin amongst the hot coals.

           The man is meanwhile lighting a bunch of candles from a box, 
           placing them on the mantelpiece, as if it’s Christmas. When he’s 
           finished, he joins the BOY by the fire. He sees the BOY 
           nervously trying to place the opened tin of beans and takes it 
           from him.

                                 MAN.
                        Watch.

           He unceremoniously wedges the tin among the coals and it begins 
           to heat up, bubbling. From his pocket he produces the deck of 
           cards and fans them out for the BOY.

                                 BOY.
                        What are they? 

                                 MAN.
                        It’s a game. We used to play it when I 
                        was a boy. I’ll show you. 

           He deals the cards in the candlelight.

           EXT. PORCH - MORNING

           They sit shivering in blankets as the BOY wipes his finger 
           around the inside of the empty bean tin and licks his finger. 

                                 MAN.
                        Watch your finger.

                                 BOY.
                        You always say that.

                                 MAN.
                        That’s because you always do it.

           The MAN spreads bits of a worn out road map on the boards and 
           studies them.

                                 BOY.
                        What are you doing?
                                                                 (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        We have to keep moving. We have to go 
                        south to the coast. 

                                 BOY.
                        Why?

                                 MAN.
                        It’ll be better at the coast. 

                                 BOY.
                        Why?

                                 MAN.
                        Because we’re going to freeze here. Or 
                        we’ll suffocate in this smog. 

           He starts folding the map away.

           EXT. VALLEY - DAY

           The MAN and the BOY truck along the blacktop past deserted 
           clapboard houses with rolled metal roofs, the windows gone, ash 
           settled on every surface.

                                 BOY.
                        Will there be other children at the 
                        coast?

                                 MAN.
                        I hope so.

           At the crest of a hill they come to FADED BILLBOARDS advertising 
           MOTELS and stop. The BOY notices a sign in the distance, which 
           has words painted over a faded advertisement “Behold the 
           slaughter.” The MAN follows his gaze. 

                                 MAN.
                        Do you remember your alphabet?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes.

                                 MAN.
                        Can you read that?
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 BOY (SCRUTINISING IT.)
                        No.

                                 MAN.
                        Okay, let’s go.

           The MAN takes out a large REVOLVER, cocks it in readiness and 
           places it on the tarp as they move. The BOY eyes the MAN  
           nervously, eyes the gun and they move off.

           EXT. TOWN OUTSKIRTS - DAY

           They trudge through the outskirts of a burned town, no sign of 
           life, behind them the long concrete sweep of the interstate 
           exchanges like a ruined funhouse. The MAN has the revolver in 
           his belt now and his parka unzipped, ready. The BOY sticks close 
           to his side.

           EXT. TOWN - DAY

           They pass cars caked in ash and dust and footprints in the dried 
           sludge on the ground. Ash and litter blowing about and the 
           MUMMIFIED DEAD in the background, sitting on benches or at the 
           roadside, shrivelled and drawn like latterday bogfolk, shoeless, 
           men, women and small children.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t look.

           The BOY looks at the ground as they pass the motionless figure 
           of a CHILD covering its head with its hands.

                                 MAN.
                        Just remember that the things you put 
                        into your head are forever. 

                                 BOY.
                        But you forget some things don’t you?

                                 MAN.
                        You forget what you want to remember 
                        and you remember what you want to 
                        forget. 
                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)           EXT. CAMPSITE - EARLY MORNING

           The MAN and the BOY are asleep, now the BOY’s hand rests on the 
           MAN’s chest. The MAN breathes stertorously, wheezing a little 
           and the BOY’S small hand goes up and down on his chest.

           Suddenly the MAN wakes and rolls onto his side, listening, the 
           revolver lying beside him. He slips his hand onto the revolver 
           and raises his head slowly. He looks at the road - nothing but 
           the sound of a distant DIESEL ENGINE. He looks at the BOY fast 
           asleep. When he looks back at the road he sees a nightmarish 
           vision:

           POV MAN - Shuffling through the ash, a group of HOODED MEN, some 
           in gas masks and filthy biohazard suits, slouching along, 
           coughing, casting their heads from side to side and swinging 
           clubs and lengths of pipe - a ROAD GANG. The MAN listens to the 
           sound of a DIESEL TRUCK behind the gang.

                                 MAN.
                        Quickly. Quick...

           The BOY jolts awake as the MAN shoves his pistol in his belt, 
           grabs the boy by the hand and with the other hand grabs the 
           cart. He tries to drag them off through the trees but the BOY is 
           frozen with fear.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s all right. It’s all right but we 
                        have to run. Don’t look back. Come on. 

           He slings both their knapsacks over his shoulder and they tear 
           through the bracken...

                                 MAN.
                        Run... run...

           The flat bed truck RUMBLES into view, MEN from the GANG standing 
           on the flat bed looking around, some holding rifles. The BOY 
           falls and the MAN pulls him to his feet with such force he lifts 
           him clean off the ground and has to dangle him back down again. 

                                 MAN.
                        You okay? It’s all right... come on...

           They rush through a break in the trees and come across an old 
           road with a bank sloping away. 
           (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)           EXT. OLD ROAD - DAY

           They crouch down on the bank and watch the truck move by past 
           the trees, the motor missing and SPUTTERING, coils of black 
           diesel smoke coiling through the woods. The motor dies with a 
           flapping RATTLE and there’s SILENCE. They listen to the GANG 
           TALKING and raising the hood of the truck.

           He puts his arm around the BOY and draws his pistol as they hear 
           the truck begin to roll, the GANG pushing it... but it coughs 
           and stalls again.

           The MAN raises his head above the bank in time to see one of the 
           GANG MEMBERS coming through the trees, unbuckling his belt. He 
           is emaciated, in dirty blue overalls and a gas company cap, and 
           has a long beard cut square at the bottom and a bad tattoo of a 
           bird on his neck. He doesn’t stop, just keeps coming, closer and 
           closer until he’s just feet away, almost on top of them. He 
           unzips his pants and takes a piss. As he stands pissing his eyes 
           roam around - at any moment he could look to the side and see 
           them crouching there.

           The MAN is wide-eyed, gun ready, eyes darting from the GANG 
           MEMBER to the BOY to the GUN. The GANG MEMBER rolls his 
           shoulders and exercises his neck... he looks down and studies 
           the steam coming off his piss. 

           The MAN silently trains his pistol at the head of the GANG 
           MEMBER who, as if by instinct, rolls his head around and looks 
           right at him.

                                 MAN.
                        Just keep it coming.

           The GANG MEMBER sees the gun and stops pissing, looks back at 
           the truck, zips his fly.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t look at them. Look at me. If you 
                        call out you’re dead. Where you from?

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Does it matter? Where you from?

                                 MAN.
                        What’s the truck running on?
                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Diesel fuel.

                                 MAN.
                        Where d’you get that?

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        I don’t know.

                                 MAN.
                        You don’t know, huh?

           The GANG MEMBER just stares, not answering.

                                 MAN.
                        You got ammunition for those rifles?

           The GANG MEMBER looks back towards the truck.

                                 MAN.
                        I told you not to look back there. 
                        Where d’you get all that stuff?

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Found it.

                                 MAN.
                        What are you eating?

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Whatever we can find.

                                 MAN.
                        Whatever you can find, huh?

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Yeah...

           Now the GANG MEMBER looks at the BOY, causing the MAN To raise 
           the revolver and cock it.

           POV GANG MEMBER - he looks down the barrel at the magazine and 
           sees empty space.
                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        You won’t shoot that thing. You ain’t 
                        got but two shells. Maybe just one. 
                        And they’ll hear the shot.

           On the road the ROAD GANG are looking around, MURMURING as they 
           notice one of their number missing.

                                 MAN.
                        Maybe. But you won’t. It’ll be through 
                        your skull and inside your brain 
                        before you can hear it. 

           The MAN steps closer and aims the gun at the MAN’s forehead, 
           hammer back, ready.

                                 MAN.
                        To hear it you’ll need a frontal lobe 
                        and things with names like colliculus 
                        and temporal gyrus and you won’t have 
                        them anymore because they’ll just be 
                        soup.

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        Are you a doctor?

                                 MAN.
                        I’m not anything anymore.

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        We got a hurt man. It’d be worth your 
                        while.

           The MAN glances in the direction of the ROAD GANG, then back at 
           the GANG MEMBER, who is still eyeing the BOY. The BOY is sitting 
           with his hands on top of his head, peeking out through his arms, 
           terrified as the tension escalates.

                                 MAN.
                        If you look at him again I’ll shoot 
                        you in the head.

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        I’ll bet that boy is hungry. Why don’t 
                        you all just come onto the truck. Get 
                        something to eat. Ain’t no need to be 
                        such a hard ass.
                                           (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                            (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        You don’t have anything to eat. Let’s 
                        go.

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        I ain’t going nowheres.

                                 MAN.
                        You think I won’t kill you but you’re 
                        wrong. 

                                 GANG MEMBER.
                        You know what I think? I think you’re 
                        chickenshit. You never killed a man in 
                        your life.

           He drops his belt on the ground with a CLATTER, a canteen and 
           army pouch hanging from it. The MAN eyes the army pouch, eyes 
           the GANG on the road - and notices for the first time some of 
           them are wearing the same army pouches. One is banging his stick 
           on the side of the truck to call their lost member. The MAN is 
           distracted by this and when he looks up the GANG MEMBER has 
           taken two silent steps and is standing between him and the BOY, 
           holding a knife.

                                 MAN.
                        What do you think you’re going to 
                        do with that?

           Without a word the GANG MEMBER dives and grabs the BOY, rolls 
           and lands on his feet holding the BOY against his chest with his 
           knife at his throat. Simultaneously the MAN drops to his knees, 
           trains the pistol and fires from six feet away, shooting the 
           GANG MEMBER in the forehead. He falls back and lies with blood 
           bubbling from the wound, eyes open, the BOY lying in his lap in 
           shock, deafened, expressionless, covered with gore and mute as a 
           stone. 

           The GANG hear the loud SHOT and freeze, they start looking 
           around them more urgently now. The MAN grabs the dazed BOY by 
           the hand and yells but in his deafness the BOY hears only a 
           MUTED soup of words:

                                 MAN (MUTED.)
                        Move! Let’s go!

           The MAN shoves the pistol in his belt, hoists the BOY onto his 
           shoulders and sets off up the road at a run.
                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)           EXT. WOODS - DAY

           They crash through the woods, the MAN straining to keep the BOY 
           aloft and find a path through the trees - the BOY clutching the 
           MAN’s head with both hands.

           There’s a sickening THUD and the MAN falls, the BOY flying off 
           with a cry. The MAN struggles to gather his wits, unsure whether 
           he’s been felled by another man. 

                                 MAN (MUTED.)
                        Come on. Get up, get up quickly!

           The MAN swings the BOY onto his shoulders and runs.

           EXT. WOODS - DAY

           The MAN and BOY stagger through trees and the man drops to his 
           knees, letting the BOY down. They are back by the road again, in 
           the distance a bridge. They listen and watch, utterly exhausted 
           and out of breath, the MAN is wheezing, the BOY at his side, 
           holding his hand, staring, in shock still. 

                                 MAN.
                        Shh. It’s okay now. You’re going to be 
                        OK.

           POV BOY - the BOY can still HEAR nothing, temporarily deaf. But 
           he sees the MAN talking and looking around, through 360 degrees, 
           trying to work out where it’s safe to go.

                                 MAN.
                        Come on.

           He grabs the BOY’s hand and they take off again.

           EXT. WOODS/CAMPSITE - EVENING

           The MAN pulls out blankets from his knapsack. The BOY sits 
           staring, shocked as the MAN tries to wipe the blood and gore 
           from his face but it’s thick and congealed now. His hands 
           tremble as he tries to pick it from the BOY’s hair.
                                      (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        It’s okay... it’s okay now... 

           Frightened by the BOY’s muteness, he wraps him in a blanket, 
           unzips his parka and holds him close under the parka. 

           There is no moon, but not far away, perhaps 30 yards, a firey 
           TORCH makes its way through the woods. About 50 yards away from 
           that another TORCH is being used to search... shadows flicker 
           ominously. The sounds of TWIGS snapping underfoot and BRANCHES 
           being broken as the ROAD GANG searches wordlessly, just 
           BREATHING heavily through their masks and beards. The MAN 
           clutches the BOY tighter, and stifles a cough.

           The MAN picks up his revolver, checks the chamber, only one 
           bullet left. He eyes the flickering shadows in the distance and 
           then eyes the BOY, making minute calculations of distance, 
           calibrating the space between the ROAD GANG and the BOY. He 
           holds the revolver up and cocks it.

           EXT. WOODS - NIGHT

           They wander through the darkness, the BOY still wrapped in his 
           blanket, holding the MAN’s hand, eyes closing, weary, ready to 
           drop.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t go to sleep. Come on, don’t drop 
                        your blanket or you’ll never find it 
                        again.

           The BOY says nothing, just looking around vaguely.

                                 MAN.
                        Can you hear me? 

           EXT. EMBANKMENT - DAWN

           They are by a bridge over a thin, black stream, slushy ice at 
           the edges and grey froth. The MAN leans down and pushes ice away 
           and scoops up a hand full of gray water. He runs it through the 
           boy’s hair to wash it and the BOY flinches with cold. He rubs 
           more icy water into the BOY’s hair, roughly, quickly, with a 
           sense of panic as he helplessly tries to wash out lumps of flesh 
           and blood. The BOY is weeping silently and shivering from the 
           extreme cold as the MAN picks out the dried gore and washes the 
           hair clean.
                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                        (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        It’s no use crying. You have to talk 
                        to me. 

           He takes the blanket and dries the BOY’s hair as he talks.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m not going to let anything happen 
                        to you... I’m going to take care of 
                        you... I’m always going to try and be 
                        here for you... and I’m going to kill 
                        anybody who touches you.

           He smooths the BOY’s hair down with shaking fingers, clumsily 
           trying to brush it out of his eyes, a fatherly instinct to make 
           the BOY neat. 

                                 MAN.
                        Because that’s my job. Do you 
                        understand? 

           When he’s through the MAN lifts the BOY’s thin arms, puts a vest 
           over his head, then a ragged sweater, then he folds the BOY into 
           his parka, zips it up to the neck and kisses him on the top of 
           the head. 

           The MAN grabs his knapsack, tips it upside down, rummages inside 
           - it’s empty. 

                                 MAN.
                        Come on, we need to get the cart back. 

           EXT. ROAD - DAY

           The MAN walks at a clip but the BOY stumbles along more slowly 
           until they come upon:

           POV MAN - the remains of a campfire smoking in the tarmac.

                                 MAN.
                        Wait here. 

           He starts to walk and hears little running FOOTSTEPS as the BOY 
           comes after him.
                                    (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        No I need you to wait. I’ll hear you 
                        if you call. I’ll just be a little 
                        ways and I’ll be able to hear you if 
                        you get scared and you call me and 
                        I’ll come right away.

           He walks off but hears... the little BOY’s FOOTSTEPS running 
           after him again - he turns around.

                                 MAN.
                        I said wait!

           The BOY’s face crinkles up and a tear rolls down.

                                 MAN.
                        Stop it. I need you to do what I say. 
                        Take the gun.

           The BOY freezes, refusing to take the gun.

                                 MAN.
                        Just take it will you? We don’t have 
                        time for this.

           The MAN shoves the gun into the BOY’s hand and rushes off up the 
           road. The BOY just stares at the revolver.

           INT. WOODS - DAY

           The MAN searches for the cart. He comes to a clearing near the 
           old road where they’d left the cart. It’s on it’s side, it’s 
           contents spilled out, mostly plundered, just a few children’s 
           BOOKS and TOYS, old pots and pans, shoes and ragged clothing 
           remaining. Nearby are the remains of their campfire.

           POV MAN - he sees charred billets of wood, ash and... the bones 
           of the shot ROAD GANG MEMBER. Nearby is a pool of his blood and 
           guts, still gently STEAMING. He nudges the bones with the toe of 
           his shoe. In the distance the BOY is waiting obediently with the 
           gun. 

           The MAN heads back to the BOY, trying to think what to say. The 
           BOY hands the gun back and takes the MAN’s hand and they walk 
           away.
                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           INT. CLAPBOARD HOUSE - NIGHT 

           FLASHBACK - The MAN and his WIFE are sitting across from each 
           other with a lamp illuminating the dark. In the corner, the BOY 
           is standing nearby, hands frozen over his face, peeking at them 
           from between his fingers. Between them lies the revolver seen 
           earlier. The WIFE picks up the gun and swings open the magazine. 
           There are two bullets in it, she takes them out and places them 
           on the table, one after the other.

                                 WIFE.
                        That’s all that’s left. I should have 
                        done it when there were more bullets 
                        in the gun.

           The MAN shuts his eyes, unable to take it.

                                 WIFE.
                        Sooner or later - no listen - they 
                        will catch up with us and they will 
                        kill us. They will rape me -

                                 MAN.
                        No -

                                 WIFE.
                        And they will rape him -

                                 MAN.
                        Please no - just - no -

                                 WIFE.
                        They are going to rape us and kill us 
                        and eat us and you won’t face it. 
                        You’d rather wait for it to happen.

                                 MAN.
                        Please. 

                                 WIFE.
                        Stop it.

                                 MAN.
                        I’ll do anything.

                                 WIFE.
                        Such as what? 
                                            (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)           She picks up the revolver and puts the TWO BULLETS into the 
           chamber.

                                 WIFE.
                        I thought about not even telling you. 
                        Just doing it. I’d empty every godamn 
                        bullet into my brain and leave you 
                        with nothing.

                                 MAN. 
                        Don’t say that. Don’t talk this way.

                                 WIFE.
                        There’s nothing left to talk about... 
                        my heart was ripped out of me the 
                        night he was born... 

                                 MAN.
                        Please don’t do this. I won’t let 
                        anything happen. We’ll survive.

                                 WIFE.
                        I don’t want to survive! I’d take him 
                        with me if it weren’t for you. You 
                        know I would. Why can’t you face it? 

                                 MAN.
                        Will you listen? You’re talking crazy - 

                                 WIFE.
                        It’s not crazy and you know it. It’s 
                        the right thing to do. 

           They glance at the BOY who is up on his feet in his cot. 

                                 WIFE.
                        Other families do it.

           She goes to the BOY, strokes his hair, kisses him, makes a 
           reassuring display of being motherly.

                                 WIFE.
                        Time for bed, there’s a good boy.

           She picks him up in her arms and carries him off to bed.

           END OF FLASHBACK. 
                     (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                           (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                              (cid:13)           EXT. RAVINE/WATERFALL - DAY

           The THUNDER of a waterfall, the river disappears into space - 
           the BOY and the MAN stand staring over the waterfall below. 80 
           foot down, shrouded in gray mist, it plunges into a tumult of 
           gray curd. They stand staring the length of the river valley at 
           the mauve horizon. A color spectrum is visible rising from the 
           waterfall, like a rainbow - the boy is transfixed, clutching the 
           MAN’s arm for safety.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

           The MAN looks at the BOY, surprised he’s talking again.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s a waterfall.

                                 BOY.
                        Look. Colors.

                                 MAN.
                        There used to be color everywhere. You 
                        don’t remember. It was before you were 
                        born.

           EXT. RIVER/WATERFALL - DAY

           The BOY approaches the river’s edge, shallow clear water, gravel 
           and pebbles sparkling at the bottom. He scoops up some water, 
           surprised that it seems clean.

                                 BOY.
                        Look. It’s clear. 

                                 MAN.
                        Do you want to go in?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know.

                                 MAN.
                        Sure you do.
                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Is it okay?

                                 MAN.
                        Just don’t swallow any.

           The MAN unzips his parka and slips it to the ground. The BOY 
           eyes the MAN, surprised - then does the same.

           EXT. RIVER/WATERFALL - DAY

           Naked, pale and shivering the BOY dives under excitedly and 
           comes up spluttering. He wades towards the waterfall. The MAN 
           watches him enjoying himself under the waterfall, clutching his 
           shoulders, hopping up and down, he joins him.

           EXT. RAVINE/ROCKFACE - EVENING

           There is a dull sulphur light from the fires glowing against the 
           sky. The MAN is stringing the tarp against a rockface to make a 
           shelter. The BOY has painted his face with CRAYONS, drawing a 
           bizarre set of FANGS and dripping blood around his mouth. The 
           MAN studies the BOY’s painted face a moment.

                                 MAN.
                        Listen. That man back there... there’s 
                        not many good guys left, that’s all. 
                        We have to watch out for the bad guys. 
                        And we have to talk. Always. We have 
                        to just... you know... keep carrying 
                        the fire... 

                                 BOY.
                        What fire?

                                 MAN.
                        The fire inside you. 

           The BOY is thoughtful a minute, and then:

                                 BOY.
                        Are we still the good guys?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes. We’re still the good guys.
                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        And we always will be no matter what 
                        happens?

           He eyes the BOY uncertainly, unsure if he can promise this.

                                 MAN.
                        Always will be. Yeah.

           The MAN goes back to tying the tarp.

           EXT. THE RIVER/VALLEY - DAY

           The MAN and the BOY are trudging along with the cart, away from 
           the waterfall now. 

                                 MAN.
                        We have to keep moving. Other people 
                        might be attracted to the waterfall 
                        just like we were. We wouldn’t hear 
                        them coming. 

           They stop to look at a lake surrounded by fog down in the valley

                                 BOY.
                        Do you think there could be fish in 
                        the lake?

                                 MAN.
                        No. There’s nothing in the lake.

           They move on.

           EXT. GORGE - DAY

           Down in the gorge they come around a bend in the road and 
           immediately hear the ROAR of river rapids. Up ahead they see a 
           bridge with a jack-knifed TRUCK on it.

           EXT. BRIDGE - DAY

           They push the cart out onto the bridge over GREY FROTHING WATER, 
           and inspect the truck. The tyres are flat, the cab jammed 
           against the railings. 
                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                             (cid:13)           The trailer end has swung across the road, knocked out the 
           railings and lies with it’s last few feet hanging over the side 
           of the bridge, blocking the bridge off completely.

           EXT. ABANDONED TRUCK - DAY

           The MAN climbs up onto the gas tanks, wipes the glass and peers 
           into the cab. He swings the door open and climbs inside, pulling 
           the door shut behind.

           INT. TRUCK/CAB - DAY

           He looks around at discarded detritus, old magazines and trash. 
           He checks behind the seats where there is a mattress on a bunk 
           and calls out.

                                 MAN.
                        Come up here.

           INT. TRUCK/CAB - NIGHT

           SNOW continues to fall on the dusty WINDSCREEN. Outside, all 
           around snow falls, silently, covering the truck and the bridge, 
           transforming it. They are both still awake, unable to sleep, 
           staring at the transformed world, carpeted by snow.

                                 BOY.
                        I’m hungry.

                                 MAN.
                        I know. So am I.

                                 BOY.
                        Can I ask you something?

                                 MAN.
                        Of course.

                                 BOY.
                        Are we going to die?

                                 MAN.
                        No. Sometime. Not now.
                                     (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        And we’re still going south?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

                                 BOY.
                        So we’ll be warm?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

                                 BOY.
                        And there might be food there?

                                 MAN.
                        Everything depends on reaching the 
                        coast.

                                 BOY.
                        Okay.

           The MAN draws a blanket around him and kisses him goodnight, it 
           is now pitch black.

                                 MAN.
                        Go to sleep.

                                 BOY.
                        I wish I was with my mom.

           They are silent a moment, until:

                                 MAN.
                        You mean you wish you were dead.

                                 BOY.
                        Yeah.

                                 MAN.
                        You mustn’t say that. It’s a bad thing 
                        to say.

                                 BOY.
                        I can’t help it.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I know but you have to. You have to 
                        stop thinking about her. We both do.

                                 BOY.
                        How do I do that?

           The MAN is silent, lost in thought.

           EXT. TRUCK/CAB - EARLY HOURS

           The man gets down from the cab and walks a few feet in the dark 
           and snow. He coughs a bit, takes a few breaths of air, and walks 
           away from the truck, vanishing into the mist.

           EXT. CAMP/ROAD - EARLY HOURS

           The MAN is alone now by the road. He takes out his WALLET and 
           sifts through: money, ancient cards, driver’s license and a 
           picture of HIMSELF and his WIFE on their WEDDING DAY, which he 
           studies a moment sadly. He lays everything out on the grey 
           slushy ground, then flings the wallet into the river and walks 
           back to camp, leaving the PHOTO and cards to blow away.

           EXT. CLAPBOARD HOUSE/YARD - NIGHT 

           FLASHBACK - The WIFE kisses the MAN.

                                 MAN. 
                        Will you tell him goodbye?

                                 WIFE.
                        No. I won’t. I can’t.

                                 MAN.
                        Will you at least wait till morning? 
                        Stay with me through the night.

                                 WIFE.
                        No. I have to go now.

           They kiss again, she turns and walks away out of the yard.
                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                 MAN. 
                        What am I going to tell him? What are 
                        we going to do without you?

                                 WIFE.
                        You should move south. You won’t 
                        survive another winter here.

           The MAN follows a few steps and she stops and turns to him.

                                 MAN.
                        Why won’t you help me?

                                 WIFE.
                        I can’t help you. Don’t you 
                        understand? This is how I’m helping 
                        you.

                                 MAN.
                        Where are you going to go? You can’t 
                        even see.

                                 WIFE.
                        I don’t need to see.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m begging you.

                                 WIFE.
                        Please don’t. Please. 

           She goes, vanishing into the darkness.

           END OF FLASHBACK.

           EXT. ABANDONED TRUCK - MORNING

           The BOY has found old TOY CARS at the bottom of the cart and is 
           playing with a YELLOW TOY TRUCK, pushing it along the ground, 
           making “ENGINE” NOISES. The MAN joins him, surveying the 
           trailer. 

                                 MAN.
                        What do you think is in there?
                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                           (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know.

           He slaps the side of the trailer and puts his ear to it.

                                 MAN.
                        It sounds empty.

           He takes off his parka and climbs onto the fender of the cab, 
           then onto the roof. He grips onto the trailer and hauls one leg 
           up, pauses to rest, then hauls the other leg up and hauls 
           himself onto the trailer roof. 

           From his high vantage point he can see that bundled at the far 
           end of the bridge are blackened, burned tyres, ominously piled 
           up as a ROAD BLOCK. He nervously crawls along to an opened 
           skylight and peers inside into darkness. 

                                 BOY.
                        What can you see?

                                 MAN.
                        Nothing. I need light.

           The MAN produces a rolled up magazine from his hip pocket, 
           lights it with his lighter and tosses it down into the trailer. 
           A faint WHOOSHING, SMOKE and a little flame - he waits for the 
           smoke to clear and stares down into the cabin:

           POV MAN - a MASS OF HUMAN BODIES sprawled and twisted in every 
           position, dried and shrunken in rotted clothes. The burning 
           paper burns itself out and the light and the vision of bodies 
           dims and disappears leaving only the incandescent embers of 
           paper. The MAN just stares, appalled.

                                 BOY.
                        What can you see?

                                 MAN.
                        Nothing to see.

           EXT. OVERPASS/CITY LIMITS - EVENING

           They trudge past a deserted concrete overpass, the MAN pushing 
           the cart, the revolver on the tarp. 
                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)           Up ahead a cluster of three tall buildings, a dozen or so floors 
           of concrete and glass, the upper floors of one illuminated by 
           the flickering fire glow of candle light inside. The MAN stops 
           and stares and the BOY follows his gaze.

                                 BOY.
                        Who are they, Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know. 

                                 BOY.
                        What if it’s more bad guys?

                                 MAN.
                        It won’t be more bad guys. Don’t 
                        worry. Stay close.

           He takes hold of the gun and they walk in a different direction 
           now, giving the high rises a wide berth.

                                 MAN.
                        Keep low. We’ll be okay.

           When they get to the end of the block they stop and the MAN 
           checks around the corner before they cross the street.

           EXT. OUTSKIRTS/CITY - DAY

           On the outskirts of the city they come to a once grand house on 
           a rise above the road. It is tall and stately with white Doric 
           columns across the front and a gravel drive that curves up from 
           the road through a field of dead, foot long grass. They stand 
           there staring at it, the BOY still holding the MAN’s hand. The 
           MAN listens - nothing but the WIND in the dead bracken, a CREAK 
           of a door or shutter rattling.

                                 MAN.
                        I think we should take a look. 

                                 BOY.
                        I’m scared.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s nothing to be scared of.

           The MAN sets off up the drive. He stops and faces the BOY who is 
           rooted to the spot. 
                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        You want to stay here?

                                 BOY.
                        No.

           The BOY joins him and they set off slowly up the drive, through 
           patches of melting snow. There is a tall dead privet fence with 
           a deserted birdsnest in it.

           EXT. PORCH/STATELY HOME - DAY

           They climb the steps to the porch, the BOY clutching the MAN’s 
           hand. They notice a window is slightly open. The MAN goes to it, 
           opens the window wide, looks inside.

           INT. FOYER/STATELY HOME - DAY

           They climb through the window onto black and white marble tiles 
           and the MAN carefully shuts the window a little so it’s the same 
           as when he found it. They regard the room, an elaborate 
           staircase in front of them, William Morris wall paper, water 
           stained and sagging, plaster moldings and cornices sagging from 
           the ceiling.

           They cross back to the other side where there is a great hall of 
           a drawing room, high ceilings, huge fire place with raw brick 
           around it where the wood has been stripped, dirty old mattresses 
           and bedding on the floor by the hearth.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Shh.

           INT. KITCHEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           They creep in and find blackened pots and pans, a cord with a 
           bell for servants, trash piled on the floor and work tops, a 
           rusted sink covered in mould, bare cupboards. In the floor is a 
           hatch with a lock set in a steel plate. The man examines it 
           while the BOY tugs at his arm, frightened.
                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Papa, let’s go.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s a reason this is locked.

           The BOY is now panicky, hopping about, close to tears.

                                 BOY.
                        Don’t open it - don’t!

                                 MAN.
                        I need something to pry it open.

                                 BOY.
                        No!

           The MAN goes out abruptly and the BOY follows, wringing his 
           hands in fear.

           EXT. BACK GARDEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The MAN comes out the back door with his revolver drawn, looks 
           around and sees an old station wagon with flat tyres on the dead 
           grass. Beside it is a 40 gallon cauldron on the blackened 
           remnants of a fire. There is also a wooden SMOKE HOUSE with thin 
           wisps of smoke coming off it. The MAN studies it nervously, 
           sniffing the air, then goes to the tool shed and starts sorting 
           through tools. He finds a long handled spade and hefts it in his 
           hands.

           INT. KITCHEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The spade chops into the wood around the lock on the hatch. The 
           MAN hacks away, then prizes up the hatch, lock and all, 
           revealing a gap of darkness.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa...

                                 MAN.
                        Listen to me. Just stop it. We’re 
                        starving. Do you understand? I have to 
                        do this. I don’t have any choice.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                   (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The MAN opens the hatch fully and lies it on the floor. 

                                 MAN.
                        Just wait here.

                                 BOY.
                        I’m going with you.

                                 MAN.
                        Okay. Just stay close to me. Nothing’s 
                        going to happen. 

           They descend the rough wooden steps.

           INT. CELLAR/STATELY HOME - DAY

           There is a terrible stench and they have to cover their mouths 
           and noses with their parkas. The MAN gets out his lighter, 
           lights it and tries to light the way.

           POV MAN - BLACKNESS except the small area illuminated by the 
           lighter as the MAN searches: part of a stone wall; then a clay 
           floor; an old mattress with dark stains. The glow of the flame 
           crawls across the floor to a corner as the MAN steps closer, 
           then plays the lighter along from the corner to reveal:

           Huddled against the wall, all trying to hide, shielding their 
           shining eyes from the light, NAKED MEN and WOMEN, thin as 
           skeletons like inmates in a death camp. The BOY jumps, shocked 
           and the MAN freezes, staring, dumb struck by:

           On a mattress on the floor lies a NAKED MAN with his legs gone 
           to the hip, their stumps blackened and burned, cauterized. The 
           BOY covers his eyes.

                                 MAN.
                        Jesus...

           The MAN on the MATTRESS turns to them and WHISPERS, a low 
           indistinct murmur at first.

                                 MAN ON MATTRESS.
                        Help us... please help us...

                                 MAN.
                        Christ... oh Christ...
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)           The others join in, an eerie chorus of WHISPERING, “Help us... 
           please help us...” The MAN turns and grabs the BOY and rushes 
           for the steps.

                                 MAN.
                        Hurry... go... move!

           The MAN drops the lighter as he tries to push the BOY up the 
           steps.  Out of nowhere a BEARDED FACE appears at the foot of the 
           stairs, blinking.

                                 BEARDED FACE.
                        Please... they’re taking us to the 
                        smoke house.

           The BEARDED FACE reaches out and feebly tries to grab the MAN’s 
           arm but he breaks free and concentrates on getting the BOY up 
           the steps, following in a blind panic, fumbling and missing his 
           footing.

                                 MAN.
                        Hurry - hurry!

           They scramble up the steps towards the light of the hatch as the 
           BEARDED FACE reaches out and tries one last time to grab at the 
           MAN’s feet but he kicks free.

           INT. KITCHEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The MAN scrambles out, slams the door shut and drags a solid 
           table over the door. He looks around for the BOY.

                                 MAN.
                        Christ. Run!

           The BOY is near the window, dancing up and down in terror, 
           pointing out the window to:

           EXT. FIELDS - DAY

           Coming up the path toward the house are four BEARDED MEN and two 
           WOMEN, all suspiciously well fed and healthy-looking. One of the 
           MEN holds hands with one of the WOMEN, as if they were returning 
           from a stroll before dinner.
                                    (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                             (cid:13)           INT. KITCHEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The MAN stares a moment, frozen with horror, then grabs the BOY 
           by the hand and jerks him away.

                                 MAN.
                        Run. Run!

           INT. FOYER/STATELY HOME - DAY

           They tear through to the front door, the MAN fumbles to get it 
           open but it has a well-maintained deadlock on it. He stares out 
           the window next to the door and sees:

           POV MAN - The WELL-FED PEOPLE are climbing the steps of the 
           porch. The MAN Grabs the BOY and they rush through into kitchen.

           INT. KITCHEN/STATELY HOME - DAY

           In the kitchen the hatch is being lifted from underneath and the 
           table elevating inches. They rush back out again.

           INT. FOYER/STATELY HOME - DAY

           As they reach the stairs, a key turns in the lock and the MAN 
           picks up the BOY in his arms and they sprint to a door under the 
           stairs. As they get through the door the front door swings open 
           and the WELL-FED PEOPLE drift inside.

           INT. REST ROOM - DAY

           They are in a small rest room under the stairs, just a toilet 
           and a basin. The BOY’s face is level with the basin and while 
           the MAN is holding the door shut the BOY comes face to face with 
           the contents of the basin: 

           POV BOY - bloodstained clothing soaking in bloody water and 
           tallow in the basin. Around the basin are bloody red hand prints 
           on the white porcelain.
                                         (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)           POV MAN - through a thin crack he sees the WELL-FED PEOPLE on 
           the far side of the foyer, chatting casually. He is not close 
           enough to hear everything they say, but close enough to see that 
           the MEN’s beards are trimmed and they wear well-repaired 
           clothes. 

                                 WOMAN.
                        I’m going to freshen up.

                                 BEARDED MAN.
                        I need a drink. 

                                 WOMAN 2.
                        I’m going up to change.

           He hears one of the WOMEN STOMPING across the old floorboards 
           and up the stairs to change while the other WOMAN takes a few 
           steps towards the rest room, then turns back towards the window 
           as the conversation lurches on. 

                                 BEARDED MAN 2.
                        Who left this window open?

                                 WOMAN.
                        I leave it open for the smell.

                                 BEARDED MAN 2.
                        What smell?

                                 WOMAN.
                        You don’t smell it anymore?

                                 BEARDED MAN.
                        Who wants a drink? 

           They hear the sound of the WINDOW BEING CLOSED and LATCHED. As 
           all this goes on, the MAN is frozen, eyes wide with fear, he 
           slips the pistol from his belt, cocks it and squats on his 
           haunches so he’s close to the BOY, desperate, unable to decide 
           what to do, unable to think straight with fear.

           The BOY is staring from the door to the pistol to the bloodied 
           basin as if hypnotised, in shock, babbling somewhat.

                                 BOY. (MUMBLING, TO SELF.)
                        Bad guys... bad men...

                                 MAN.
                        Shh, shh...
                      (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)           There are FOOT STEPS outside the door as the WELL FED PEOPLE 
           drift closer and then away again. The man starts to cough but he 
           has the revolver in one hand and the BOY’s hand in his other. 
           The MAN tries to stifle his cough but can’t. Then the BOY 
           notices and holds his own small hand to the MAN’s mouth, 
           stifling his coughing as the talk goes on outside:

                                 WOMAN.
                        Will you help me with the dirty 
                        dishes?

                                 BEARDED MAN 2.
                        I’m hungry.

           As the coughing subsides a little the MAN takes the BOY’s hand 
           from his mouth and pushes the revolver into it.

                                 MAN.
                        Take it.

           The BOY tries to resist, shaking his head, terrified, mute.

                                 MAN. (WHISPERS.)
                        Take it.

           The MAN puts his left arm around the BOY’s tiny, thin shoulders 
           and holds him close.

                                 MAN. (WHISPERS.)
                        Don’t be afraid. If they get hold of 
                        you, you’re going to have to do it 
                        just like everybody else. Do you 
                        understand? Shh. No crying. Do you 
                        hear me? 

           The WOMAN turns from the window and one of the BEARDED MEN pours 
           whiskey and hands her one. 

           The BOY is weeping and shaking his head as the MAN shows him 
           again what to do with the gun. 

                                 MAN (WHISPERS.)
                        Stop crying. You have to be a brave 
                        boy. You know how to do it.

                                 BOY (WHISPERS.)
                        I think so.
                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                 MAN (WHISPERS.)
                        Say “Yes I do Papa.”

           He stares down at the little BOY who just holds the gun 
           feebly... he realises the BOY won’t use it. After a moment of 
           torturous contemplation, the MAN very gently takes the gun from 
           the BOY’s hand and the BOY sits forlornly, staring down at his 
           hands, afraid to look at the MAN now. When the BOY looks up 
           again he is staring down the barrel of the pistol, the MAN 
           aiming the large revolver at the BOY’s forehead.

                                 BOY.
                        What are you doing? 

           The MAN’s hand shakes, his thumb trembles on the hammer as he 
           cocks it... 

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? 

                                 MAN.
                        I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. 

                                 BOY.
                        Will I see you again? When will I see 
                        you?

           The MAN’s finger trembles on the trigger as he slowly squeezes 
           it... At that moment there’s a loud THUMP from the kitchen and 
           the WELL FED PEOPLE stop and listen, then rush through to the 
           kitchen, and immediately there’s a commotion as they see the 
           state of the hatch with the table over it.

                                 BEARDED MAN 2(O.O.V.)
                        What the fuck do you think you’re 
                        doing? Huh? What the fuck do you think 
                        you’re doing...?

                                 WOMAN (O.O.V.)
                        Don’t look at me like that. What are 
                        you doing?

           The MAN gathers his wits and opens the door a crack.

                                 MAN.
                        Follow me, take my hand, don’t let go.
                                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           INT. FOYER/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The MAN bursts out of the rest room with the BOY and they make a 
           dash for the open window. He sticks his gun in his belt and 
           wrestles with the window, an old colonial style frame which 
           sticks.

           From behind the closed kitchen door they hear muffled GRUNTS and 
           SHOUTS until the MAN wrenches the window open, stuffs the BOY 
           through and follows. 

           EXT. PORCH/STATELY HOME - DAY

           The MAN picks the BOY up and they rush down the steps.

           EXT. DRIVEWAY/STATELY HOME - DAY

           They rush down the driveway and the MAN drags the BOY through a 
           gap in the dead privet hedge onto the road.

           EXT. ROAD - DAY

           They hesitate a moment on the road, deciding.

                                 MAN.
                        Come on, keep running!

           They rush across the road to the woods on the other side, the 
           BOY ahead as the MAN checks behind them. The MAN looks back 
           towards the house and two of the WELL-FED PEOPLE have come 
           outside, looking around suspiciously. 

           He hits the ground and takes the BOY with him, they lie flat at 
           the edge of the woods and the road. They are wildly out of 
           breath, chests heaving, the MAN coughing.

                                 MAN.
                        Keep your head down.

           POV MAN - the WELL-FED PEOPLE walk a few steps down the drive 
           and a BEARDED MAN looks through BINOCULARS at the road and the 
           woods, but not directly at the MAN and the BOY hiding. 
                                                              (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The WELL FED PEOPLE start looking around the side of the house, 
           walking away. The MAN and the BOY get up, dash through the 
           treeline and disappear into the woods.

           EXT. WOODS - NIGHT

           There is a dull moon hidden in the ashen sky and the outlines of 
           trees as they set off through the woods, sleepy, stumbling like 
           drunks now. They hear a HIDEOUS SHRIEK in the distance, coming 
           from the house. They stop, hearing another SHRIEK and a MAN’S 
           SCREAMING. The MAN holds the BOY close and tries to cover the 
           BOY’s ears as they stare and wait for it to pass.

                                 BOY.
                        They’re going to eat those people 
                        aren’t they, Papa?

           EXT. FIELD - NIGHT

           The MAN and the BOY have stopped at the edge of a field by the 
           woods. The MAN sits cradling the tired BOY in his lap, a blanket 
           around them both. The BOY shuts his eyes, a tear squeezes from 
           it, he looks like he’s given up, and then: 

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? Papa, we wouldn’t ever eat 
                        anybody would we?

                                 MAN.
                        No. Of course not.

                                 BOY.
                        No matter how hungry we were. Even if 
                        we were starving? 

                                 MAN.
                        We’re starving now.

                                 BOY.
                        Because, because we’re the good guys?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

                                 BOY.
                        And we’re carrying the fire.
                              (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

           The BOY drifts off to sleep and the MAN leans down, gently 
           stroking the BOY’s hair and kissing him on the forehead. 

           EXT. SUPERMARKET/PARKING LOT - DAY

           They truck along, the BOY staring but not speaking on the 
           outskirts of town. They roll into a supermarket. A few old cars 
           in a trash strewn parking lot. The MAN leaves the cart in the 
           parking lot and heads through the defunct automatic doors. 

                                 MAN.
                        Come on. There’s nobody here.

           INT. SUPERMARKET - DAY

           The MAN and the BOY trudge the empty aisles, only litter 
           remaining, the once brightly-colored packaging strewn around, 
           it’s contents long since looted. 

           In the empty gun section there is a deer’s head mounted on the 
           wall. The boy stops and stares, mesmerised while the MAN 
           searches the empty shelves for ammo, finding only empty boxes. 

           On their way out they come to a pair of vending machines tipped 
           over, the sodas looted, coins scattered around in the ash. The 
           MAN sits beside one and feels inside the gutted machine, 
           eventually producing a single unopened can of COCA COLA.

                                 BOY (EXCITED.)
                        What is it, papa?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s a treat for you. Here. Sit down.

           He helps the little BOY off with his knapsack and sits him down 
           and opens the can of COKE ceremoniously. The BOY looks startled 
           and sniffs the fizzing can as if it’s the strangest thing he’s 
           ever seen in his life.

                                 MAN.
                        Go ahead.
                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)           The BOY takes the can.

                                 BOY.
                        It’s bubbly.

                                 MAN.
                        Go ahead. Drink it.

           The BOY takes a sip and considers.

                                 BOY.
                        It’s really good. You have some, papa.

                                 MAN.
                        No. I want you to drink it.

                                 BOY.
                        But I want you to have some.

           The MAN reluctantly takes the can and has a tiny sip, hands it 
           back to the wary BOY.

                                 BOY.
                        It’s because I’ll never get to drink 
                        another one, isn’t it?

           The MAN doesn’t know what to say.

           EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - LATE AFTERNOON

           They round a bend in the road and come upon an old frame house 
           with chimneys and gables and a stone wall. It is deserted, 
           isolated, lost in dead brambles. The BOY stops and listens, 
           stares around.

                                 MAN.
                        What’s wrong with you? 

                                 BOY.
                        What was that?

                                 MAN.
                        I didn’t hear anything.

                                 BOY.
                        Listen.
                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I don’t hear anything.

           They listen more until, very faintly we hear a DOG BARK in the 
           distance. The BOY turns around 180 degrees to listen.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s a dog.

                                 BOY. (EXCITED.)
                        A dog! Where did it come from?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know. Come on.

           The MAN walks towards the house, pushing the cart and the BOY 
           follows, bouncing up and down, over-excited.

                                 BOY.
                        We’re not going to kill it are we 
                        Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        What? No, we’re not going to kill it. 
                        Why did you say that?

                                 BOY.
                        You still got one bullet left.

                                 MAN.
                        We’re not going to hurt the dog, I 
                        promise. We’re not going to kill it 
                        and we’re not going to eat it either. 

           EXT. OLD HOUSE - DAY

           They approach the porch - many of the boards have been lifted 
           and taken for firewood - there are gaping holes.

                                 BOY.
                        I’m scared.

                                 MAN.
                        We have to go in. We’ve got to find 
                        something to eat.
                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        I’m not hungry. I’m not!

           The MAN just looks at the BOY, takes his revolver from his belt 
           and goes up the path but the BOY stays where he is, rigid with 
           fear.

                                 MAN.
                        We’ll be all right. Come on. You want 
                        to stay here this time? 

           The BOY nods vigorously.

                                 MAN.
                        All right. 

           He goes back, takes the BOY’s hand and they go to the porch.

                                 MAN.
                        Sit here on the stoop and don’t go 
                        away.

           The BOY sits and the MAN goes to the front door, which is open. 
           He slips the revolver from his belt and creeps inside.

           INT. OLD HOUSE - DAY

           The floorboards CREAK horribly, swollen from rain or ripped up, 
           as he creeps into the living room. The timber cladding is 
           stripped from the walls, the ceiling plaster is collapsed, beams 
           exposed.  The MAN pads through to the kitchen.

           INT. KITCHEN/OLD HOUSE - DAY

           The kitchen is similarly dilapidated, the cupboards stripped 
           bare. On a shelf by the window are dusty jars of fruit, 
           preserved. He grabs a jar, prizes open the lid and finds a an 
           oily slick of black mucus floating in the top, like rotted 
           mushroom spores. He sniffs it suspiciously, holds it up to the 
           light. In the light small black fish hook-shaped spores drift 
           from the top of the jar to the bottom. He replaces the lid, 
           appalled.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           EXT. PORCH/OLD HOUSE - DAY

           The BOY is sitting on the steps of the porch. Across the road is 
           another big old house, much of the clapboard missing, swathed in 
           dead brambles - the BOY is staring at it, waiting.

           EXT. BACK YARD - DAY

           The MAN comes outside and regards the deadened yard, old garden 
           hoe and spade, gardening equipment and several dead apple trees. 
           He goes over and examines the ashen ground where there are 
           several small, dark brown, shrivelled spheres spaced several 
           feet apart - apples. He bends down and picks one up, examines, 
           sniffs. He gathers up the strange apples and stuffs them in his 
           pockets.

           EXT. PORCH/OLD HOUSE - DAY

           The BOY is still staring at the house across the road when he 
           notices A GHOSTLY FACE, completely still, in a window. The BOY 
           stands, surprised, not believing his eyes - it is the face of a 
           SMALL BOY roughly his age, which disappears almost immediately, 
           receding back into the gloom like a ghost.

           INT. PANTRY/CLAPBOARD HOUSE - DAY

           The MAN is in the looted pantry. He empties a jar of shrivelled 
           raisins into a handkerchief, folds it and pockets it. He starts 
           sifting through a sack of grain with his fingers when he hears:

                                 BOY. (O.O.V.)
                        Stop - stop!

           The MAN freezes, then charges out.

           EXT. PORCH/CLAPBOARD HOUSE - DAY

           The MAN rushes out and stares about frantically for the BOY - 
           he’s gone.
                                     (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                     (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           EXT. HOUSE OPPOSITE - DAY

           The BOY has run across the road to another house. 

           POV BOY - peeping around the side of the house is the other 
           SMALL BOY, the same age, similarly grimy and thin, wearing an 
           outsize woollen coat. The other SMALL BOY disappears down the 
           side and the BOY runs after him.

                                 BOY.
                        Wait! Come back! I won’t hurt you!

           EXT. BACK YARD - DAY

           The BOY runs to the bottom of the yard where there is various 
           suburban garden detritus, a dusty lawn mower, a clothes line, a 
           shed, bikes with no tyres.

                                 BOY.
                        Where are you?!

           The MAN comes sprinting up the side of the house and seizes him 
           by the arm.

                                 MAN.
                        What are you doing? What the hell are 
                        you doing?

                                 BOY.
                        There’s a little boy, Papa, I saw a 
                        little boy.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s no little boy. What’s the 
                        matter with you?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes there is! I saw him! A boy just 
                        like me.

           The MAN takes the BOY by the arm and drags him back through the 
           yard, up the side of the house, the BOY resisting, crying and 
           looking back all the way.
                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Why? Why can’t I go and see him?

           EXT. HOUSE - DAY

           Out the front of the house the BOY digs his heels in and the MAN 
           has to drag him, his feet slithering through the dirt.

                                 BOY.
                        I need to see him! I need to!

                                 MAN.
                        Why? 

                                 BOY.
                        I just do!

           The BOY has gone limp, weeping  bitterly, resisting being moved. 
           The MAN gives up and squats beside the sobbing BOY.

                                 MAN.
                        Okay, I’m sorry. I understand. 

           He holds him, wipes his tears from his cheeks.

           EXT. TOWN STREET/OVERPASS - EVENING

           In the failing light they come across a late model Chevy 
           abandoned under an overpass.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? Will there be other boys like me 
                        at the coast?

                                 MAN.
                        I hope so.

           The MAN goes to the car, wipes thick dust from the windscreen 
           and peers in - it’s empty.
                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           INT. CHEVY - NIGHT

           They try to get comfortable in the leather seats, the MAN 
           spreading the blankets over them and tucking the BOY in. They 
           are quiet a moment as they watch darkness start to fall. Then:

                                 MAN.
                        I got you something

           The MAN produces from his pocket one of the tiny hard brown 
           apples and holds it up to the remaining light.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s an apple.

           He hands it to the boy who examines it curiously. The MAN takes 
           out a pocket knife, takes the apple back, cuts the apple in half 
           to reveal a woody brown interior. They regard the mahogany apple 
           uncertainly, the MAN is the first to take a bite, with some 
           difficulty. The BOY bites his half and makes a face.

                                 MAN.
                        Suck it a while and it’ll soften.

           They sit sucking and chewing the ancient apple.

                                 BOY.
                        Did you ever have any friends?

           The MAN eyes the BOY - curious at the sudden question.

                                 MAN.
                        Yes. I did.

                                 BOY.
                        Lots of them?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes...

                                 BOY.
                        Do you remember them?
                              (cid:13)                                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        Yes. I remember all of them... 

                                 BOY.
                        What happened to them?

                                 MAN.
                        They died.

                                 BOY.
                        All of them?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes. All of them.

           EXT. FARM - DAY

           They pass through an orchard with a barn facing, a thin red 
           neckerchief nailed to the barn door. As they pass the barn, the 
           MAN notices an area of ground on the far side splashed with 
           dried BLOOD and hunks of human HAIR. The BOY doesn’t notice, his 
           head down walking and talking. 

                                 BOY.
                        Do you know where we are Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        I think we’re about two hundred miles 
                        from the coast. As the crow flies.

           The MAN is now on his guard as they walk.

                                 BOY.
                        “As the crow flies?”

                                 MAN.
                        It means, going in a straight line.

           POV MAN - An empty courtyard. But right next to him on the 
           courtyard wall of the barn something catches his eye and he 
           turns his head slowly to find himself staring straight at:

           A frieze of HUMAN HEADS, dried with taut grins and shrunken 
           eyes. Some are tattooed with targets and runic slogans. Some are 
           skinless, with signs and words inked onto them. One has suture 
           marks etched on it, like a blue print for assembly. 
                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)           The MAN stares at the heads as the BOY continues his 
           conversation, unable to see the heads from where he’s standing 
           back around the corner.

                                 BOY.
                        There aren’t any crows are there? Just 
                        in books.

                                 MAN.
                        Yes, just in books. 

                                 BOY.
                        Do you think there might be crows 
                        somewhere?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know...

                                 BOY.
                        But what do you think?

                                 MAN.
                        I think it’s unlikely...

           They keep walking and talking, the MAN grim-faced but the BOY 
           oblivious, loquacious.

                                 BOY.
                        Could they fly to Mars or some place?

                                 MAN.
                        No, they couldn’t fly to Mars...

                                 BOY.
                        Because it’s too far?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

           The MAN discretely herds the BOY away towards the road...

                                 BOY.
                        What if they tried and-and-and they 
                        just got halfway or something and then 
                        they were too tired? Would they fall 
                        back down...?
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)           EXT. FIELD/FARM OUTSKIRTS - EVENING

           There is a thick carpet of gray snow. Out of the murky sky more 
           gray snow is falling. The MAN is lighting a fire and is 
           distracted by a sudden noise, the LOUD CRACK of sheering wood - 
           this time very close. He looks around just as:

           Out of nowhere a tree branch sails down, barely missing them, 
           landing with a heavy WHUMP just feet away.

                                 MAN.
                        Move! Quickly! 

           He tries to get the BOY to his feet but he is limp, staring 
           around blearily, exhausted.

           They hear another loud WHUMP. Then the GROAN of timber and 
           another WHUMP as trees start to keel over around them. The MAN 
           grabs the BOY with one hand and the cart with the other and runs 
           as best he can through the snow and falling trees.

                                 BOY.
                        What’s happening?

                                 MAN.
                        Just keep moving, run!

           They rush through the woods as more and more trees fall one 
           after the other, WHUMP, WHUMP, WHUMP, great loads of snow 
           falling from limbs to the ground with a BOOM, setting the woods 
           shuddering. The BOY is getting bogged in the snow and the MAN 
           stoops and scoops up the BOY and they set off again, the MAN 
           dragging the cart frantically.

           After a moment he has to stop, wheezing, eyes squeezed shut as 
           his chest burns.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? What’s wrong?

                                 MAN.
                        Just keep going, I’m all right.
                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           EXT. EDGE OF WOODS - EVENING

           BIRDS EYE VIEW - in the dying light it’s clear the woods have 
           collapsed, all around are prone trees in the snow like fallen 
           bowling pins. On the edge of the wood the MAN and the BOY stop 
           to examine footprints in the snow on the road.

           In the silence after the falling trees the MAN listens and 
           hears: the low THUDDING of BULL DRUMS in the distance. He looks 
           at the exhausted BOY a moment.

                                 MAN.
                        We can’t go back on the road.

                                 BOY.
                        Why, Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        I think someone’s coming.

           The BOY stares at the tracks. The MAN stares in both directions, 
           examining the road in the distance. He moves a few paces and 
           notices tied to a dead sapling another thin red neckerchief. He 
           takes a few steps and through a gap in the trees sees a clearing 
           - snow and a mass of BLOOD RED FOOTPRINTS, the icy snow stained 
           blood red like a sorbet. A killing floor. 

                                 BOY.
                        Will they see our tracks?

                                 MAN.
                        We’ll cover them.

           The MAN moves the BOY away and kicks snow over their tracks - 
           then lays fresh ones going in several different directions. The 
           BOY copies him, leaving his own maze of tracks. They grab the 
           cart and wheel it away as fast as they can, keeping parallel 
           with the road but staying off it. The MAN keeps his eyes fixed 
           on the rear view mirror until he sees:

           POV MAN - in the distance TWO FIGURES appear on the road. 

                                 MAN.
                        Here they come. 

           The MAN now looks over his shoulder for a good look, then grabs 
           the BOY’s hand and takes off.
                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)           EXT. HIGH GROUND - EVENING

           TWO MEN come prowling on the ROAD, they are MILITANTS from some 
           sort of ARMY, wearing the same red neckerchiefs and carrying 
           weapons, searching, predatory.

           WIDER - we see that only 30 feet away, concealed amongst the 
           trees, the MAN and BOY are crouched in blankets, watching. The 
           two MILITANTS stop and look around, as if they sense the BOY and 
           the MAN - who freeze, frightened to breathe. The MILITANTS sniff 
           the air menacingly.

           One of them walks over to a stone by the side of the road, leans 
           down and starts sharpening his lance, made from a the 
           straightened coil spring of a car. The MAN and the BOY watch - 
           wide-eyed. Eventually the MILITANTS walk off up the road.

                                 BOY.
                        What are we going to do?

                                 MAN.
                        We have to hole up somewhere until 
                        it’s safe. 

           EXT. WOODS - NIGHT

           They are camped amongst a copse of dead trees, surrounded as if 
           by a picket fence, a fire blazing, the MAN stacking on dead 
           brush, the BOY staring into the fire. 

           There is the sudden CRACK of shearing wood as a tree falls and 
           the MAN looks up. There is another CRACK.

                                 MAN.
                        Just a falling tree, it’s okay. 

           The BOY stares into the darkness, unnerved.

                                 MAN.
                        All the trees in the world are going 
                        to fall sooner or later. But not on 
                        us.

                                 BOY.
                        How do you know?
                                     (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I just know.

           The MAN takes from his pocket the handkerchief filled with 
           raisins, offers them. 

                                 BOY.
                        That’s all there is, isn’t it? 

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

                                 BOY.
                        There’s nothing left anywhere.

                                 MAN.
                        No.

           They sit eating raisins, saying nothing until they’re finished.

                                 BOY.
                        Can I ask you something?

                                 MAN.
                        Sure.

                                 BOY.
                        Are we going to die now?

           The MAN Just looks at the BOY, then looks away.

                                 MAN.
                        What do you think is going to happen? 
                        We’re just going to suddenly keel over 
                        and die? It takes a long time to die 
                        of starvation. The important thing is 
                        water to stop you dehydrating. We’ve 
                        got water. We’ll be all right. 

           EXT. PATIO/TOWN HOUSE - MORNING

           The MAN stands on the back patio of a new house on the edge of 
           town, the BOY at his side, fields stretching out before them, 
           the land flattened and dead, ravaged fences running the 
           perimeter. 
                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)           In the yard are a few dead trees, a fence, a metal tool shed, an 
           old barbecue on the patio made from a 44 gallon drum. The MAN 
           slides the patio door open and peers inside gingerly.

           INT. BEDROOM/TOWN HOUSE - MORNING

           The MAN is in the bedroom looking around for useful things - it 
           has been stripped, the wooden frame gone from the window, the 
           bureau ransacked and chopped up - only a summer dress on a wire 
           hanger on the back of the door remains. He glances at empty 
           drawers on the floor and a cupboard before turning his attention 
           to the bed. 

           He blinks and sways a moment, trying to focus on: 

           POV MAN - underneath the filthy, dusty blankets a thin, dried 
           head pokes out, the blankets pulled up to the chin. On the 
           pillow are long hunks of rotted hair. 

           He takes hold of the lower hem of the blanket and tows it off 
           the bed, revealing a desiccated corpse. He ignores it, shaking 
           the blanket out and folding it under his arm. He notices the BOY 
           at his side, watching wide-eyed.

                                 MAN.
                        Nothing you haven’t seen before.

           They go out. 

           INT. KITCHEN/TOWN HOUSE - MORNING

           The MAN opens and shuts empty cupboards, slamming the doors, 
           increasingly desperate, close to tears of frustration now. 
           Eventually he feels dizzy and has to sit on the floor. He just 
           sits there, alone on the kitchen floor, clenching and 
           unclenching his fists, his head in his hands, when he hears:

                                 BOY. (O.O.V.)
                        Papa!

           The MAN draws his pistol and goes out, alert again.
                                                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)           INT. TOWN HOUSE - MORNING

           The BOY is staring at himself in a dusty, flyblown full length 
           mirror. As the MAN comes in he sees the BOY’s reflection and his 
           own and jumps.

                                 BOY.
                        It’s us. 

           The BOY stares at his reflection - he looks like an alien, 
           skinny with giant staring eyes on shaky legs.

                                 BOY.
                        We look skinny.

                                 MAN.
                        We are skinny.

           The MAN finds a blanket, puts it around the BOY’s shoulders. He 
           notices an old upright piano, covered in ash and dust. The BOY 
           stares as he goes to it, lifts the lid and plays a chord. The 
           BOY’s eyes light up and he is magnetized, instantly coming over 
           and waiting for the next note. The MAN plays another chord.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s a piano.

                                 BOY.
                        What’s it for?

                                 MAN.
                        For making music. This... (HE PLAYS.) 
                        ... is music. Your mother played very 
                        well.

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t remember that.

                                 MAN.
                        Yeah. We had one of these. 

                                 BOY.
                        What happened to it?
                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        Chopped it up for firewood. 

           EXT. YARD - MORNING

           The MAN comes out of the tin shed with a spade and crosses the 
           dead grass. He stops and stamps about a bit, listening. He digs 
           the spade into the dead grass and hear’s it CHOMP into wood. He 
           digs more urgently, increasingly exhausted, until a door is 
           revealed in the dirt. He is so engrossed he hasn’t noticed the 
           BOY standing a few feet away, watching with saucer eyes, scared.

                                 BOY.
                        Don’t open it, Papa.

                                 MAN.
                        It’ll be okay.

                                 BOY.
                        Please, Papa, please.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s okay.

                                 BOY.
                        No it’s not! What if there’s people 
                        hiding down there?

           The BOY has his fists bunched up to his chest, bobbing up and 
           down with fear. The MAN drops the spade and puts his arms around 
           the frightened BOY.

                                 MAN.
                        There’s nobody hiding down there. This 
                        door looks very like the other door, 
                        but I think there may be things in 
                        there we need, and we need to take a 
                        look. There’s no place else for us to 
                        go. This is it. And I want you to help 
                        me. Do you think you can help me?

           The BOY eventually nods.

                                 MAN.
                        Will you hold the pistol for me while 
                        I dig?
                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)           The BOY takes the pistol gingerly. The MAN chops the plywood 
           around the lock, gets the spade under a corner and levers the 
           door open.

           The MAN starts to descend a hand made wooden stair case in the 
           bunker. He reaches out and takes the lamp from the BOY, gives 
           the child a kiss on the forehead and then disappears into the 
           bunker, leaving the worried BOY staring after him. The BOY looks 
           around at the deserted yard as the evening draws in, now even 
           more frightened.

                                 MAN. (O.O.V.)
                        Oh my God... oh my God!

                                 BOY.
                        What is it, Papa?

                                 MAN (O.O.V.)
                        Come down. Oh my God come down.

           The BOY is in the hole and down the steps like lightning.

           INT. BUNKER - EVENING

           The little BOY CLATTERS down the steps.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa? What did you find?

                                 MAN.
                        Everything. I found everything.

           Stored in the bunker are crate upon crate of canned goods: 
           tomatoes, peaches, beans, apricots, canned ham, corned beef, 
           hundreds of gallons of water in jerry cans and in boxes paper 
           towels, toilet paper and trash bags stuffed with blankets. 

           The MAN takes the BOY’s hand and helps him down, then goes back 
           up the steps and draws the door shut and jams a pair of metal 
           pliers through the heavy inside hasp to stop the door being 
           opened. He goes back down the steps to the BOY and holds up the 
           lamp to illuminate the shelves.

                                 MAN.
                        Can you see?
           (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        What is all this stuff?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s food! Can you read the labels?

           The BOY stares at the brightly colored packaging, he’s never 
           seen anything like it before. The MAN hands the BOY a tin.

                                 BOY.
                        “Pears.” It says “pears.”

                                 MAN.
                        Yes! It does! Oh yes it does! Pears!

           They inspect the shelves: chilli, corn, stew, soup, spaghetti 
           sauce, the BOY’s eyes are like saucers.

                                 BOY.
                        Is it real?

                                 MAN.
                        Oh yes, it’s real all right.

           The MAN pulls a box of butane lighters from the shelf and tests 
           one, it doesn’t work. He tests another which works, it has a 
           large flame - he uses it to read the labels.

                                 BOY.
                        Why is it here?

                                 MAN.
                        Because someone thought it might be 
                        needed.

                                 BOY.
                        But they died.

                                 MAN.
                        Yes. What would you like for 
                        breakfast?

                                 BOY. (THINKS.)
                        Pears.

                                 MAN.
                        Pears it is.
                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The MAN claws open a box and pulls out a tin of pears. He gets 
           paper bowls from a stack, plastic forks and spoons, lays them 
           out. He finds batteries and tries them in a torch, almost none 
           work until finally he finds a batch that do. He puts batteries 
           in a lantern too and blows out the smoky lamp. He finds a can 
           opener and opens the pears while the BOY watches silently, 
           wrapping a blanket around himself and sitting on the soft bunk 
           bed.

                                 BOY.
                        Is it okay for us to take it?

                                 MAN.
                        They’d want us to.

           The MAN dishes up two bowls of pears and they sit side by side 
           on the bunk with spoons and pears.

                                 MAN.
                        These will be the best pears you ever 
                        tasted. The best. You just wait.

           They eat in silence. They lick the spoons and drink the syrup 
           from the bowls. The MAN opens another tin.

                                                             CUT TO:

           Ham and eggs frying in a pan on the camping stove. The kettle is 
           boiling on another ring of the stove. The BOY just stares at the 
           bubbling food as the MAN cooks. 

           Nearby a breakfast table is set out on a stack of boxes acting 
           as a breakfast bar: biscuits, a plate of butter, condensed milk, 
           salt and pepper plates and utensils. The MAN brings the pan over 
           and forks over chunks of ham onto the pates, then spoonsfull of 
           scrambled eggs from a second pan, then baked beans from a small 
           pot. The BOY just stares, as if drugged, uncomprehending, the 
           food alien to him.

                                 MAN.
                        Go ahead. Don’t let it get cold.

                                 BOY.
                        What do I eat first?

                                 MAN.
                        Whatever you like.

           The BOY eats a hunk of ham as the MAN pours coffee.
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Is this coffee?

                                 MAN.
                        That’s right. Careful it’s hot. 

           He hands him coffee.

                                 BOY.
                        We did good, didn’t we Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Yeah, we did good.

           INT. BUNKER - NIGHT

           The MAN puts the BOY to bed in a bunk and smooths his filthy 
           hair tenderly, smiling with relief, until the BOY shuts his eyes 
           and nods off. He covers the BOY with a blanket and kisses him. 
           He just sits watching the BOY sleep... after a moment he starts 
           to sob and makes an effort to pull himself together.

           Stirring classical music fades up and into:

           INT. THEATRE - EVENING

           FLASHBACK - Close in on a pair of LEGS in stockings, a summer 
           dress, a WOMAN’s hands holding a MAN’s hand in her lap. The MAN 
           feels the tops of the stockings with his fingers.

           WIDER - the MAN is with his WIFE in a concert theatre, at a 
           recital. The seats are velvet, gold scrollwork adorns the boxes, 
           an illustrious, fortunate world. 

           END OF FLASHBACK.

           EXT. LAWN - DAWN

           The hatch opens and the MAN’s face appears, as he looks around. 
           He opens the hatch more and clambers out with a couple of jerry 
           cans of water, the yard is quiet. Next, the BOY’s face pops up 
           and peers around. He clambers out carrying a big pot with a 
           camping stove in it.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                (cid:13)           INT. BATHROOM - DAWN

           They empty the jerry cans into the huge pot, light the stove and 
           put the pot on the stove to heat the water. 

                                                             CUT TO:

           The BOY is in the bath, filthy and scrawny, as the MAN bathes 
           him, rubbing him with soap, scrubbing his dirty neck.

                                 MAN.
                        What do you think?

                                 BOY.
                        Nice and warm.

           He washes the BOY’s hair, lathing water over him with the pot.

                                                             CUT TO:

           Now the MAN is in the tub, also scrawny and filthy, soaping up, 
           washing his hair - the BOY helps.

                                                             CUT TO:

           The MAN trims his beard off with scissors in a mirror. He 
           lathers up with shaving cream and starts to shave with a plastic 
           safety razor. The BOY watches all this fascinated, he’s never 
           seen the MAN shave. When the MAN is done he turns to the BOY, 
           wiping away the foam.

                                 MAN.
                        How do I look?

                                 BOY.
                        Weird. Won’t you be cold?

                                                             CUT TO:

           Now the MAN is cutting the BOY’s hair with kitchen scissors and 
           a plastic comb. The BOY has a towel around his shoulders and 
           long locks of hair decorate it. The MAN finishes, takes the 
           towel off, wipes the BOY’s neck and face with a flannel, holds 
           up a mirror for the BOY to see.
                                (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        I look funny.

           INT. BUNKER - MORNING

           They sit on the bunk bed with a checkerboard between them 
           sipping Coca Cola from plastic mugs and concentrating on the 
           board, empty Coke cans in the foreground and their worn out, wet 
           blue jeans drying on a drying rack in the back ground. 

           They are both wearing new sweaters too big for them, plundered 
           from the stores. The MAN watches the BOY fondly, absorbed in 
           checkers.

           EXT. LAWN - NIGHT

           Heavy rain slashes down on the lawn, already pools of water are 
           flooding the lawn.

           INT. BUNKER - NIGHT

           A shiny new quart of whiskey is slipped from its paper liquor 
           store bag and opened with a soft CRACK. The whiskey is poured 
           into a glass with a satisfying GLUG. 

           WIDER - another feast is laid out, ham and powdered mash potato 
           and biscuits and gravy. The BOY is eating while the MAN pours a 
           whiskey. The BOY stops eating to watch the MAN drink the 
           whiskey. The MAN’s eyes glaze as he sips the strong liquor, 
           dizzy already. 

                                 BOY.
                        Can I try some?

                                 MAN.
                        No. You won’t like it. Makes you feel 
                        funny.

           The BOY stares, curious, wanting it.
                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        You think I come from another world, 
                        don’t you? Filled with all these 
                        strange things you’ve never seen.

                                 BOY.
                        Sort of.

                                 MAN.
                        Well, I do I guess.

           EXT. LAWN - EVENING

           The MAN just stands in the middle of the lawn COUGHING his guts 
           up in the dark rain - again the phlemy wet cough. He bends over, 
           sweating, listening, knowing it’s the sound of fluid on the 
           lungs. 

           As he listens he hears something above the rain -  he keeps 
           shifting position, as if hearing different sounds from different 
           directions. Nevertheless he anxiously looks around, then goes to 
           the porch and drags an old mattress over, across the dead grass 
           to the hatch. 

           He lays it half across the hatch, crawls through the remaining 
           gap and hauls the mattress the rest of the way over the hatch, 
           then pulls the hatch closed with the old mattress lying on top. 
           It just looks like an old mattress lying on a lawn in the rain.

           INT. ANTECHAMBER - EVENING

           Whether it was the sound of fluid on his lungs, or something 
           else he heard isn’t clear, but the MAN is agitated, anxious, a 
           bundle of nervous energy. He searches on a shelf above the 
           bottles of gas - there are boxes of batteries, a box of .45 
           Cartridges and shotgun shells. He looks a little disappointed as 
           he sorts through them, looking fruitlessly for bullets for his 
           .38. In the background is the distant PATTER of rain on the 
           mattress above. 

           INT. BUNKER - EVENING

           While the BOY is asleep, the MAN sits on his bunk with a box 
           cutter and the box of .45 Shells. He is trying to shave them 
           down to size for his .38. The lead is too hard and he grits his 
           teeth with effort, then gives up and sits thinking.
                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)
           (cid:13)           INT. BUNKER - DAWN

           Now the MAN is whittling a tree branch with the box cutter. He 
           cuts an inch off the end and carves it into the shape of a 
           bullet. He flicks open the chamber on the pistol and tries to 
           fit the bullet in. It won’t fit so he shaves a bit more off with 
           the knife. He slips it into the chamber again and this time it 
           fits. He slips the bullet out, dabs his fingers into the soot on 
           the discarded lantern and rubs it all over the wooden bullet. He 
           flicks open the chamber on the pistol and fits the bullet back 
           in. He spins the chamber, it appears to be full of bullets.

           He listens to the PATTER of rain and hears another sound... 
           something or someone RUSTLING around the mattress above. He 
           hears the sound of the MATTRESS being DRAGGED off of the door. 
           He hears SCRABBLING and SCRATCHING on the door and freezes, 
           staring at the lock, waiting for the inevitable... He quietly 
           picks up the revolver. He looks across and sees the BOY is now 
           wide awake too, staring, wide-eyed.

                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        Shh.

                                 BOY (WHISPERS.)
                        Maybe it’s a dog.

                                 MAN (WHISPERS.)
                        It’s not a dog.

           The MAN cocks the revolver and positions himself under the 
           hatch, ready. After a torturous moment the sounds die away.

                                 MAN.
                        Come on. Let’s get out of here. 

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want to go.

                                 MAN.
                        I know but it’s not safe. 

                                 BOY.
                        What are we going to do with all this 
                        stuff?
                              (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        We’ll just have to take what we can.

                                 BOY.
                        I wish we could live here. And we 
                        could keep the dog and the dog could 
                        catch food for us.

                                 MAN.
                        Look, there is no dog, okay? I’m sorry 
                        but there just isn’t.

                                 BOY.
                        Please Papa. 

                                 MAN.
                        No.

                                 BOY.
                        Just say it’s going to be all right, 
                        Papa. Say it. Just say it, please.

           The MAN doesn’t know what to say, losing patience.

                                 MAN.
                        Listen, trouble comes when you least 
                        expect it. So maybe the thing to do is 
                        to just always expect it.

                                 BOY.
                        Do you always expect it? Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        I do, yes.

                                 BOY.
                        You always think bad things are going 
                        to happen but we found this place.

           The BOY sits up, looking around, bleary eyed as the MAN starts 
           loading cans and packets into a carton. He gathers a couple of 
           large jerry cans of water.

                                 BOY.
                        Maybe we’ll find another place like 
                        this at the coast.

                                 MAN.
                        Maybe.
                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)           The MAN dumps the box on the floor and packs another.

           EXT. LAWN - MORNING

           The cart is loaded up and tied with the blue tarp. 

                                 BOY.
                        What are you doing?

                                 MAN.
                        I’m burying the trash. Don’t drop 
                        anything. We’ll have to cover our 
                        tracks from now on.

           The MAN dumps a carton full of trash, empty tins and packets 
           from their time in the bunker into a big hole he’s just dug and 
           starts filling it in with an old pitchfork or shovel.

           EXT. RIVER - DAY

           The MAN pushes the cart across a bridge, stagnant black water 
           underneath, the cart is now laden with jerry cans of fresh water 
           and cartons containing as many tins of food and supplies as they 
           could manage. The BOY trails along behind. They are a strange 
           sight, clean clothed, clean shaven, short haired, in their new 
           jumpers - and now both wearing new surgical masks which they 
           raise off their faces to speak. 

           The MAN keeps checking the rearview mirror.

           POV MAN - in the rearview mirror he sees the glint of glass, 
           perhaps a pair of BINOCULARS watching them. 

           The BOY watches anxiously as the MAN gets out his own BINOCULARS 
           and looks through them.

           POV MAN -  a mysterious winking glint of light which quickly 
           disappears.

           POV - through a different pair of binoculars, a completely 
           different POV, we see the MAN looking through his binoculars at 
           us.

                                 MAN.
                        I think they’re following us.
                                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                        (cid:13)                (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Who?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know.

                                 BOY.
                        You think it’s bad guys?

                                 MAN.
                        Probably.

                                 BOY.
                        What if it’s good guys?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t think we’re likely to meet any 
                        good guys for a while. We have to be 
                        careful now. We’ve got food. 

           EXT. WOODS - DAWN

           The MAN and the BOY are camped in the woods, wrapped up in 
           blankets, a fire going. The BOY is asleep but the MAN is awake, 
           coughing. He sits up, still coughing. He gets up and walks away 
           from the campsite, trying to stifle the coughing.

           EXT. CLEARING - DAWN

           He wanders into a clearing, coughing uncontrollably, falls to 
           his knees in a foot thick shroud of mist and coughs up a gob of 
           something dark and nasty, spits it into the misty ground.

           POV MAN - the mist before him clears to reveal a spattering of 
           dark blood on the pale ash. He stares, shocked, knowing what it 
           signifies.

           EXT. WOODS - DAWN

           The BOY opens his eyes, he hasn’t been asleep, listening to the 
           MAN cough, worried. The MAN returns and eyes the worried BOY.

                                 MAN.
                        What’s wrong?
                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        I had a weird dream.

                                 MAN.
                        What about?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want to tell you.

                                 MAN.
                        Why not?

           The BOY considers it.

                                 BOY.
                        I heard you coughing in the night.

                                 MAN.
                        Were you awake?

                                 BOY.
                        It was in my dream. Then it woke me 
                        up.

                                 MAN.
                        What else was in the dream?

                                 BOY.
                        Just you.

                                 MAN.
                        What happened to me?

           The BOY’s face crinkles up, he starts to sob.

                                 MAN.
                        Listen, when you dream about bad 
                        things happening it shows you’re still 
                        fighting. You’re still alive. It’s 
                        when you start to dream about good 
                        things you should start to worry.

                                 BOY.
                        Do you dream about bad things too?

                                 MAN.
                        All the time.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)           EXT. BEND/THE ROAD - DAY

           As they round a bend in the road they see a hunched figure 
           walking ahead of them. The MAN stops abruptly, gets out the 
           binoculars and watches: 

           POV MAN - a distant, hunched figure hobbling away from them.

           EXT. ROAD - DAY

           They come up behind an OLD MAN, hunched over, withered, silent 
           as he hobbles ahead. He wears layers of torn clothing and his 
           feet are wrapped in rags and cardboard tied with green twine. 
           They slowly approach and the man stops, turns and watches them 
           suspiciously as they draw level.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I don’t have anything for you. You can 
                        look if you want. I got nothing.

                                 MAN.
                        We’re not robbers.

           The OLD MAN leans an ear forward, deaf.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        What?

                                 MAN.
                        I said we’re not robbers.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        What are you?

                                 MAN.
                        We’re just like you. 

                                 OLD MAN.
                        What are you following me for?

                                 MAN.
                        We’re not following you. 

                                 BOY.
                        We’ve got food we could give him.
                                   (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        He’s not getting any food.

           The OLD MAN looks away, avoiding their eyes.

                                 BOY.
                        He’s scared, Papa. 

                                 MAN.
                        Everybody’s scared.

                                 BOY.
                        Please Papa.

                                 MAN.
                        All right! 

           The MAN eyes the road to the left and right, then draws his 
           revolver.

                                 MAN.
                        If this is an ambush, he goes first.

           He goes out to the cart and rummages in it while the BOY and the 
           OLD MAN stare at each other. The MAN comes back with a tin of 
           fruit cocktail and a tin opener and opens it and hands it to the 
           BOY. The BOY places the tin of fruit on the road in front of the 
           OLD MAN.

                                 BOY.
                        Take it. Here. 

           The OLD MAN doesn’t move.

                                 BOY.
                        What about a spoon?

                                 MAN.
                        He’s not getting a spoon.

           The BOY urges him on, miming with his hands, as if feeding a 
           raccoon. 

                                 BOY.
                        Eat it. It’s good.
                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)           The OLD MAN picks up the tin and his filthy long nails CLATTER 
           on the tin as he tips it to his mouth, the juice running down 
           his chin, his head jerking as he swallows.

                                 BOY.
                        Look, Papa. He’s hungry.

                                 MAN.
                        I see it. And I know what you’re going 
                        to ask me. And the answer is No.

                                 BOY.
                        What’s the question?

                                 MAN.
                        We can’t keep him. 

           They watch him eating painfully slowly. The OLD MAN finishes and 
           sits down in the road holding the tin, staring at it, as if it 
           might refill.

                                 MAN.
                        When did you last eat?

           The OLD MAN just stares.

                                 MAN.
                        Do you want to eat with us?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I don’t know. What do I have to do?

                                 MAN.
                        Tell us where the world went.

                                 OLD MAN. 
                        What?

                                 MAN.
                        You don’t have to do anything. Can you 
                        walk okay?

           They help the OLD MAN off the road and hand him his cane but he 
           pushes it away.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I can walk.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)           They walk off the road towards the dead, blackened woods.

           EXT. WOODS - DAY

           As they leave the road the OLD MAN studies the BOY. The BOY goes 
           to take his hand:

                                 MAN.
                        (TO BOY.) Don’t hold his hand.

                                 BOY.
                        He can’t see.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t. 

           The trio walk into the woods.

                                 MAN.
                        How old are you?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I’m ninety.

                                 MAN.
                        Ninety my ass. Is that what you tell 
                        people? So they don’t hurt you?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Uh-huh.

                                 MAN.
                        Does it work?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Nope.

                                 MAN.
                        What’s your name?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Ely.

                                 MAN.
                        Just “Ely?”
                                                                 (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                 OLD MAN.
                        What’s wrong with “Ely?”

           EXT. CLEARING/WOODS - EVENING

           There’s a camp fire now. The OLD MAN sits wrapped in a quilt, 
           eating with a spoon and licking his plate clean. 

                                 MAN.
                        How come you’re still alive? What do 
                        you eat?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I don’t know. People give you things.

                                 MAN.
                        No they don’t.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        You did.

                                 MAN.
                        I didn’t. He did. 

           The OLD MAN eyes the BOY, closely, half blind.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Are you a little boy?

                                 MAN.
                        What does he look like?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I don’t know. I can’t see real good.

                                 MAN.
                        Is that right? Can you see me?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        No. But I can tell somebody’s there.

                                 MAN (TO BOY.)
                        Okay. You need to sleep. Come on.

           He gathers up the BOY and takes him a few feet away, settles him 
           down in blankets while the OLD MAN stares into the fire. 
                                       (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)           When the MAN returns he has his gun which he surreptitiously 
           places on the ground in full view of the OLD MAN.

                                 MAN.
                        You can see that, right? Okay. Tell me 
                        now. You’re not a shill for a pack of 
                        road agents?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I’m not anything. I’ll go if you want 
                        me to. I can find the road.

           The MAN stares at the OLD MAN cynically but the OLD MAN just 
           stares back blankly.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I live like an animal. You don’t want 
                        to know the things I’ve had to eat. 
                        When I saw that boy I thought I’d died 
                        and he was an angel. I never thought 
                        I’d see a child again. I never thought 
                        that would happen to me.

                                 MAN.
                        He is an angel. To me he’s a God.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Well I hope that’s not true. To be on 
                        the road with the last surviving God 
                        would be a pretty frightening 
                        experience. 

                                 MAN.
                        Why do you say that?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Where men can’t live, Gods can’t 
                        either. The road gangs would tear you 
                        limb from limb, both of you.

           The low RUMBLE in the earth is heard again, an earthquake, this 
           time in the distance. They listen a moment.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I knew this was coming. This or 
                        something like it. There were 
                        warnings. People thought it was a con - 
                        I always believed in it.

                                 MAN.
                        Did you try to get ready for it?
                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 OLD MAN.
                        No. What would you do? Even if you 
                        knew what to do you wouldn’t know what 
                        to do. Suppose you were the last man 
                        left alive? 

                                 MAN.
                        How would you know if you were the 
                        last man alive?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I don’t guess you would know it. You’d 
                        just be it.

                                 MAN.
                        Maybe God would know. 

                                 OLD MAN.
                        If there is a God up there he would 
                        have turned his back on us by now. 
                        Whoever made humanity will find no 
                        humanity here. 

           The MAN pours hot water into mugs to make coffee, hands one to 
           the OLD MAN. They drink. 

                                 MAN.
                        Do you ever wish you would die?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        No. It’s foolish to ask for luxuries 
                        in times like these.

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t you want to end it all?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Nope.

                                 MAN.
                        Why not?

                                 OLD MAN.
                        I’m stubborn. 
                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)           EXT. EDGE OF WOODS - MORNING

           The BOY and the OLD MAN are standing by the cart. The MAN is 
           watching from further away. The OLD MAN is fitting another can 
           of peaches the BOY has given him into his knapsack.

                                 MAN.
                        You should thank him you know. I 
                        wouldn’t have given you anything.

                                 OLD MAN.
                        Maybe I should and maybe I shouldn’t. 
                        I wouldn’t have given you anything.

           The OLD MAN looks around, orientating himself, and goes, tapping 
           his cane, without a glance back at the BOY or the MAN. The MAN 
           gives the BOY a reproachful look and the BOY looks defiant for 
           the first time, a new distance between them.

                                 BOY.
                        He’s going to die and you don’t care.

                                 MAN.
                        I care enough. Maybe when we’re out of 
                        food you’ll have more time to think 
                        about it.

                                 BOY.
                        You always say watch out for bad guys 
                        but that old man wasn’t a bad guy and 
                        you can’t even tell anymore.

           EXT. ROAD/RAILWAY LINE - DAY

           They are trudging along the blacktop adjacent to a railway line. 
           There is a SHOTGUN blast in the distance and the MAN and the BOY 
           stop and look around. The MAN checks the rear view mirror 
           instinctively. 

           POV MAN - a thin spike of smoke from a campfire rising up in the 
           woods behind. The BOY notices and looks behind.

                                 BOY.
                        Do you think they’re still following 
                        us?
                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I think they’ve been following us for 
                        a long time. 

                                 BOY.
                        Maybe it’s Ely - the old man?

                                 MAN.
                        How? On a broom stick?

           The BOY thinks about this for a moment as they approach the 
           railway line. The MAN takes the revolver from the cart and 
           sticks it in his belt - the BOY notices anxiously.

                                 MAN.
                        We should lay in wait a while. See who 
                        they are. 

           EXT. BLUFFS/RAILWAY BRIDGE  - EVENING

           The MAN and the BOY are swaddled in blankets up amongst the 
           rocks with a birds eye view of the road and a railway bridge - 
           they can see along the road and the dead trees for half a mile. 
           The BOY is nodding off, his head lolling as the MAN keeps watch. 

           A FIGURE appears in the distance on the road and stops. The MAN 
           puts his binoculars to his eyes. A moment later another two 
           FIGURES appear.

           POV MAN - TWO MEN and a PREGNANT WOMAN are standing waiting, 
           staring at the ground. As ANOTHER FIGURE joins them they start 
           walking along the road towards the bluffs. The PREGNANT WOMAN 
           carries a pack on her back and walks slowly with a waddling 
           gate, heavily pregnant, imminently expectant. The three men are 
           bearded and emaciated with packs on their backs. They keep 
           walking along the tracks, their breath steaming in the night, 
           not speaking.

           The MAN watches them go by the bluffs and vanish one by one like 
           ghosts into the darkness where the dead tree line is. The MAN 
           stares into the darkness, feeling very alone as the BOY sleeps.

           EXT. BLUFFS/WOOD - MORNING

           As they come down from the bluffs, the MAN is staring into the 
           dead woods where another thin stem of SMOKE is rising.
                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        More smoke. I think we should take a 
                        look.

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want to. Let’s just keep 
                        going. 

                                 MAN.
                        Whoever it is I don’t want them behind 
                        us. 

                                 BOY.
                        What if they’re bad guys? 

                                 MAN.
                        What if they’re good guys?

           They look at each other, a stalemate. The MAN stands and starts 
           to pack up the tarp.

                                 MAN.
                        Look. Whoever it is out there, it’s 
                        better to know about it than to not 
                        know.

                                 BOY.
                        Why?

                                 MAN.
                        Because we don’t like surprises. 
                        Surprises are scary. They could sneak 
                        up on us further down the road. You 
                        need to learn this. 

           The MAN folds the tarp and sleeping blankets and starts heading 
           down the slope to the cart, the BOY following.

           EXT. TREELINE - MORNING

           The MAN is pushing the cart, the BOY trails behind, he still 
           looks doubtful. The MAN stops and SNIFFS the air, excited.
                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                  (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        They left their food cooking.

                                 BOY.
                        We scared them away.

           The MAN swings him onto his shoulders and they head for the 
           woods.

           INT. CLEARING - MORNING

           A deserted campsite, nothing left but something burnt on a 
           skewer over the red hot coals of a campfire, recently abandoned. 
           The MAN lets the BOY down, checks out the perimeter and 
           surrounds. But the BOY is staring at the fire and suddenly he 
           cringes away from it, burying his head against the MAN. 

                                 MAN.
                        What is it? What is it?

                                 BOY.
                        Oh Papa! 

           The BOY is wide eyed with shock - the MAN looks quickly at the 
           fire and sees:

           POV MAN - a CHARRED HUMAN INFANT, headless and gutted and 
           blackening on the spit, burned up, the fat still SIZZLING. 

           The MAN bends and sweeps the mute BOY up and runs for the road 
           as hard as he can.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry...

           EXT. WOODS - MORNING

           The MAN awakes beside the cart, a campfire and the tarp beside 
           him - he reaches out a hand to touch the BOY and he’s not there. 
           He sits bolt upright and stares around. He grabs his revolver, 
           cocks it and gets to his feet, staring around wildly through the 
           trees.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                   (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                   (cid:13)           EXT. RAILWAY LINE - DAY

           The MAN crashes through the tree line by the railway line and 
           stares around, frantic. Then he notices it: A huge electric 
           diesel locomotive with eight stainless steel passenger coaches 
           behind it - an awesome vehicle. Right by it is the BOY, just 
           standing, staring at it. The MAN goes over and joins the BOY, 
           who just looks at him. They stand there, both silent, staring at 
           the magnetic vision. 

                                 MAN.
                        I guess somebody was taking it south 
                        and ran out of fuel.

           EXT. PINES/COAST ROAD - DAY

           Open country now, flat plains, pale sandy earth under the ash. 
           They are stopped amid a copse of dead pine trees, the conical 
           shape still clear. The BOY unfolds the threadbare map on the 
           ground, a crayon in his hand. 

                                 MAN.
                        You know where we are?

                                 BOY.
                        No.

                                 MAN.
                        Where do you think?

           The BOY points to a place on the map.

                                 MAN.
                        More.

                                 BOY.
                        Here?

                                 MAN.
                        No. We’re closer than you think. 

           He takes the crayon and points on the map.

                                 MAN.
                        This is us. This is all sea.
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Is it blue?

                                 MAN.
                        The sea? I don’t know. It used to be.

           The MAN picks up a desiccated pine cone from the ground, and 
           stares at it, hollow-eyed, hungry. He squeezes it and it 
           crumbles to dust. He takes a few steps, sniffing the air.

                                 MAN.
                        Can you smell that?

                                 BOY.
                        It smells different.

                                 MAN.
                        Everything is going to be different.

           EXT. DUNES/BEACH ROAD - DAY

           The landscape has changed, dead salt bush and sand at the side 
           of the road and finally, as they come around a bend in the road: 
           dead sea grass sloping up to sand dunes up ahead. They look at 
           each other and head for the dunes excitedly.

           EXT. COAST ROAD - DAY

           POV BOY - Gray beach, lead gray sea and waves rolling in slowly 
           with a distant ROAR. On the beach a tide mark of wet gray ashy 
           sludge and a skirt of glistening bones, fish skeletons bleached 
           white on the sand.

           They take their parka hoods down and just stand there staring at 
           the beach, the wind HOWLING around them, dozens of bleached 
           SKULLS and RIB CAGES of LIVESTOCK and HUMANS who have made it 
           this far only to die. The MAN looks at the BOY and sees the 
           intense disappointment.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m sorry it’s not blue.
                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           EXT. DUNES/BEACH - DAY

           They sit on the beach wrapped in blankets staring out at a 
           surreal wall of impenetrable smog not far beyond where the waves 
           are breaking. The MAN eyes the silent BOY, buffeted by wind, 
           wrapped in a blanket, staring at the empty ocean... there is 
           nothing and nobody there. They keep staring out to sea, filled 
           with disappointment. The BOY impassively surveys the wall of 
           smog which is like an iron curtain.

                                 BOY.
                        What’s on the other side?

                                 MAN.
                        Nothing.

                                 BOY.
                        There must be something.

                                 MAN.
                        Maybe there’s a father and his little 
                        boy and they’re sitting on the beach 
                        too.

                                 BOY.
                        And they could be carrying the fire 
                        too?

                                 MAN.
                        They could be, yes.

           The MAN sees the BOY’s hopefulness reappearing and strokes his 
           head, his heart breaking for him.

           EXT. BEACH - DAWN

           FLASHBACK - The MAN is yawning and stretching and inspecting the 
           remnants of a campfire with orange driftwood coals still glowing 
           in it. Nearby a pan lies left over from dinner with T-bones and 
           live crabs CLATTERING about scavenging the bones. The MAN 
           inspects the crabs then goes to his WIFE who is asleep by the 
           fire. He kneels and smooths her hair tenderly, very much in 
           love, as she sleeps. 

           His hand on her wakes her, she looks at him surprised and 
           pleased.
                                 (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                     (cid:13)                                 WIFE.
                        Hello. 

           The MAN kneels by his WIFE and she kisses him and they look out 
           at the blue ocean and the white sand and green sea grass and she 
           puts an arm around him.

                                 WIFE.
                        If I were God and I were making the 
                        earth, this is how I’d make it.

           END OF FLASHBACK.

           EXT. WATER’S EDGE - DAY

           The MAN and the BOY stand with their shoes off, the black sea 
           washes up the sand at their filthy, blistered feet.

                                 BOY.
                        What are our long term goals?

                                 MAN.
                        “What are our long term goals?” Where 
                        did you hear that?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know. You said it.

                                 MAN.
                        When?

                                 BOY.
                        A long time ago.

                                 MAN.
                        When your mother was here?

                                 BOY.
                        I guess.

                                 MAN.
                        And what was the answer?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know.
                                                   (cid:13)                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        Well, I don’t either. 

           They stare at the water - charred, quotidian household objects 
           rolling back and forth in the surf - a mixing bowl, a soup 
           ladle, a suitcase. 

                                 BOY.
                        Can I go swimming?

                                 MAN.
                        Swimming? You’ll freeze your nuts off.

                                 BOY.
                        I know.

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t want to have to come in after 
                        you.

           The BOY lets the blanket fall and strips out of his parka and 
           clothes. He runs along the beach naked, skinny and white, 
           leaping SCREAMING into the icy surf. 

           The MAN watches until the BOY comes out of the water, gasping 
           with cold, shuddering. He wraps the BOY in the blanket and dries 
           him off.

           EXT. BEACH - EVENING

           The BOY is wrapped in blankets by the fire as LIGHTNING flickers 
           in the distance, illuminating the empty beach. The MAN gets the 
           tarp from the cart and drapes it over them. He puts his arms 
           around the BOY who is shivering and sweating, looking a little 
           wild eyed, babbling a little.

                                 BOY.
                        How many people do you think are still 
                        alive?

                                 MAN.
                        In the world? I don’t know. Not very 
                        many.

                                 BOY.
                        There could be people alive someplace 
                        else. Besides on earth? 
                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I don’t think so. They couldn’t live 
                        any place else.

                                 BOY.
                        Not even if they could get there? If 
                        they had a-a-a spaceship? 

                                 MAN.
                        No. It’s unlikely.

           The BOY stares, shivering, thinking. 

                                 MAN.
                        Are you all right? What is it?

           He cups his hand to the babbling BOY’s forehead.

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t feel so good.

           The BOY bends away and vomits and the MAN helps, rubbing his 
           back and wiping the BOY’s mouth when he’s done. 

                                 BOY.
                        I’m sorry.

                                 MAN.
                        That’s okay, you didn’t do anything 
                        wrong.

           The MAN picks the BOY up, looking for somewhere to shelter. 

           EXT. CLIFF FACE - EVENING

           The MAN struggles barefoot up the beach and over to the cliffs, 
           sits against the rock and lays the BOY down across his lap in 
           the shelter of the cliff face, covering him in blankets and the 
           tarp as the rain falls all around.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s okay. You’re going to be okay. 
                        It’ll pass.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Don’t leave me here, don’t go away 
                        Papa. Not even for a minute.

                                 MAN.
                        I won’t go away. I’m right here. 

           He sits holding the BOY tightly. He feels for the BOY’s heart. 
           He drops droplets of sugar water from a bowl into the BOY’s 
           mouth. As the BOY shuts his eyes and dozes he checks the pulse 
           at his neck and wipes his mouth with the blanket.

           EXT. CLIFF FACE - NIGHT

           The BOY is sleeping fitfully across the MAN’s lap - he is still 
           awake, staring in horror as the BOY sweats and shakes in his 
           sleep. He wipes the BOY’s brow, looks up to the heavens:

                                 MAN.
                        Oh no. No no. Not this. Jesus Christ 
                        what have you done to us? What have 
                        you done?

           EXT. BEACH - MORNING

           The BOY is fast asleep, motionless but for stertorous breathing 
           through his mouth. The MAN lies beside him, just staring at him, 
           watching him sleep. The BOY opens his eyes and focuses weakly.

                                 BOY.
                        Hi Papa.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m right here.

                                 BOY.
                        I know.

           The BOY shuts his eyes and goes back to sleep. The MAN strokes 
           the BOY’s hair tenderly, takes the pistol from his belt and 
           carefully lays it on the sand beside the BOY, stands, takes one 
           last look and walks away...
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)           EXT. SPIT/WATER - DAWN

           The MAN is alone now, staring at the hull of a wrecked boat 
           keeled over in ten feet of gray water a few yards out from the 
           spit - a sixty footer, twin masts.

           POV MAN - Further out in the roiling water, a rip appears about 
           a hundred yards away in probably 40 feet of water. The MAN 
           stares, anxiously as: from the rip emerges the tip of something 
           silvery gray and slimy far beneath the surface, the tentacle of 
           a great squid encrusted with white suckers. The tentacle is 
           about a foot thick and comes fully out of the water to a height 
           of about 10 feet, then coils up languidly and disappears again.

           The MAN waits a moment, then starts stripping off his clothes. 
           He stares anxiously into the roiling water not far from where he 
           saw the squid but there’s no sign of it now.

           He stares back along the beach to the distant figure of the BOY, 
           sitting up wrapped in his blankets, looking around, bemused and 
           scared. The MAN collects himself and wades cautiously into the 
           gray soupy water. He takes a breath and starts swimming to the 
           boat. He swims along the steel hull, grabs the sheer rail and 
           hauls himself the rest of the way to the transom where there is 
           worn gilt lettering saying “Pajaro de Esperanza. Portugal” He 
           tries to haul himself aboard but the transom is loose and pulls 
           away from the hull, swinging the MAN out over the water, his 
           legs kicking wildly. He drops into the black murk. 

           EXT. UNDER WATER - DAY

           The MAN plunges under the dark water, peering through the murk 
           wildly for danger, trying to scrabble back to the surface but 
           quickly losing his bearings. He sees nothing but darkness and 
           cloudy water and bubbles. He SHRIEKS into the suffocating 
           darkness and leaps out of the water, scrabbling desperately at 
           the boat hull, reaching for the sheer rail, staring at the 
           water, out of his mind with shock and fear. 

           Sure enough the tip of the curious squid’s enormous tentacle 
           lazily breaks the surface some distance away and casually 
           mooches off.

                                 MAN.
                        Oh Christ. Oh Christ...
                                 (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           EXT. BOAT - DAY

           He hauls himself on deck and lies there a moment, noticing a 
           seam of black mould and, around it, bottle-GREEN ALGAE sprouting 
           from the joins in the wood. He scrapes a little off and stares, 
           mystified.

           INT. BULKHEAD/CABIN - DAY

           Stagnant bilge, trash and furniture tipped against one side. 
           Locker doors hang open. He cautiously paddles through to the 
           galley, going through the doorway very slowly, expecting the 
           worst - sea monsters, cannibals, corpses. 

           INT. FORWARD CABIN - DAY

           Bedding and clothing piled against a wall, a mattress in the 
           middle of it all and a big locker by the bow. He picks up damp 
           blankets and stuffs them in a canvas sack from the locker. He 
           delves in the locker and finds yellow rubber seaboots, a nylon 
           jacket and a souwester.

           He looks up and there’s a strap hanging down. He examines it and 
           finds it’s a board covering a hatch, with the corners latched. 
           He unlatches the corners and pulls the board down with the strap 
           to reveal a BOX of 8 FLARES. Inside the box of flares is a black 
           plastic case which he opens to find an old .37 mm bronze flare 
           pistol. He takes it out of the case and examines it.

           At the back of the compartment he sees a box with a red cross on 
           it, a FIRST AID KIT. He grabs it and opens it, finding bandages, 
           disinfectant, Aspirin and antibiotics.

           EXT. BOAT - DAY

           When the MAN re-emerges on deck he is wearing the yellow rubber 
           seaboots, nylon jacket and souwester. The water is ominously 
           still. He eyes the shore and the cliffs anxiously, looking for 
           the BOY. He stares frantically, no sign of him. He kicks off the 
           boots and souwester, takes one more look at the ominously still 
           water and dives in.
                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                           (cid:13)           EXT. SHORELINE - DAY

           The MAN struggles from the water and scans the beach, still no 
           sign of the BOY. He dumps the booty from the boat and heads for 
           the cliff face where he last saw him.

           EXT. CLIFF FACE - DAY

           The MAN runs over the sand and reaches the spot where he left 
           the BOY. Nothing. He runs on towards a rocky out crop and rushes 
           around it. Once he’s turned this corner he sees:

           POV MAN - the BOY running for all he’s worth up the beach, 
           pistol in hand, he glances over his shoulder at the MAN.

           POV - the MAN rushes after him in his yellow rain jacket, slowly 
           gaining. As the camera swings around and pulls back the POV 
           takes in the BOY too and we realise it isn’t the BOY’s POV but a 
           third POV - as if somebody is watching them.

           EXT. CLIFFS - DAY

           The MAN catches up with the BOY, grabs his shoulder with one 
           hand and the gun with the other.

                                 MAN.
                        Where are you going? What’s happened?

           The BOY stops and stares at him, bemused, feverish, wild-eyed, 
           he grabs at the yellow jacket.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s okay, it’s just me.

           The BOY collapses, exhausted, into the MAN’s arms. 

           EXT. BEACH/CAMPFIRE - DAY

           POV - from a considerable distance: They have a fire and the MAN 
           is stripping the shaking, sweating BOY out of his parka and the 
           rest of his clothes and sitting him further away from the fire. 
                                (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The MAN opens the first aid kit, selects various pills, crushes 
           them up  and hands them to the BOY with a cup of rainwater. The 
           BOY swallows the pills and the water, shivering.

                                 BOY.
                        I’m cold.

                                 MAN.
                        I have to get your temperature down.

           He takes a pan of canned soup from the fire, puts it down on the 
           sand and holds up a spoonful to the BOY’s lips. The BOY eats 
           tentatively.

                                 BOY.
                        Can I ask you something?

                                 MAN.
                        Of course you can.

                                 BOY.
                        What would you do if I died?

           The MAN stops, spoon frozen in mid air. 

                                 MAN. 
                        If you died I’d want to die too.

                                 BOY.
                        So you could be with me?

                                 MAN.
                        So I could be with you, yes. But 
                        that’s not going to happen. 

           They look at each other a moment, unsure, the BOY shivering and 
           sick-looking. The BOY lies down again and shuts his eyes. The 
           MAN relents and puts a blanket over him.

           EXT. BEACH - NIGHT

           The strange lattice work of lightning fills the sky, 
           illuminating the MAN with the BOY in his lap. The BOY is half 
           asleep and the man is feeding him crushed aspirin and water and 
           mopping his forehead with a wet cloth. The MAN coughs endlessly, 
           a nagging cough that won’t go. 
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)           EXT. BEACH - MORNING

           POV MAN - the BOY is kneeling beside him, watching him calmly, 
           no longer sweating, recovered.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa?

           The MAN rouses himself from sleep, sits up and just stares at 
           the BOY, amazed, as if he has arisen from the grave

                                 MAN.
                        How are you feeling?

                                 BOY.
                        I feel kind of weird.

                                 MAN.
                        Are you hungry?

                                 BOY.
                        Just thirsty.

           The MAN gets up and fetches water from a jerry can, pours a cup, 
           hands it to the BOY who drinks thirstily. The MAN reaches out 
           and strokes the BOY’s hair as he drinks. When he has finished 
           drinking the MAN takes him in his arms.

                                 MAN.
                        You okay?

                                 BOY.
                        I’m okay.

                                 MAN.
                        Okay.

           They sit their holding each other, overcome with relief.

           EXT. BEACH/CLIFFS - NIGHT

           There’s a campfire burning and the MAN is unpacking the flare 
           pistol from its case.
           (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        What is it?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s to signal with. When you’re in 
                        trouble.

                                 BOY.
                        Who’s going to see it?

                                 MAN.
                        Nobody. 

                                 BOY.
                        Because there’s nobody to signal to, 
                        is there?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s too smoggy. 

           The MAN eyes the disappointed BOY, unsure what to say.

                                 MAN.
                        We’ll see it. Don’t you want to see 
                        it?

                                 BOY.
                        Okay.

                                 MAN.
                        You want to shoot it?

                                 BOY.
                        Okay.

           He hands the BOY the pistol and the BOY just stares at it. They 
           walk away from the camp towards the water.

                                 BOY.
                        You shoot it Papa. You know how to do 
                        it.

           He hands it to the MAN and they stop near the water. The MAN 
           stands loading the pistol with shells. He cocks it, aims it out 
           over the bay and fires. The FLARE arcs up into the murk with a 
           long WHOOSH and breaks in a cloud of light, hanging there, hot 
           tendrils of magnesium drifting down to the water, the waves and 
           the sand bathed in the weird glow. The BOY watches, transported, 
           and the MAN watches the BOY. 
                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           POV - again from a distance, as if a third party is watching, we 
           see the flare. 

           EXT. BEACH - NIGHT

           The deserted campsite. The MAN and the BOY return to the fire 
           and the MAN looks for their shoes and the cart in a sudden panic 
           - everything has gone. 

                                 MAN.
                        Oh Christ. You stupid ass! You stupid 
                        ass!

                                 BOY.
                        What happened?

                                 MAN.
                        The cart’s gone. They stole our shoes. 

                                 BOY.
                        Do you think it was stolen by the 
                        people who are following us?

                                 MAN.
                        I don’t know. It doesn’t matter.

                                 BOY.
                        It does matter.

           The BOY goes quiet, staring out at the desolation in despair.

                                 MAN.
                        What’s wrong?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know what we’re doing. 

                                 MAN.
                        There are... (HE TRAILS OFF, LOST FOR 
                        WORDS.) There are people... there are 
                        people and we’ll find them. You’ll 
                        see.

           The BOY just shuts his eyes and slumps onto the sand in despair. 
           The MAN eyes him worriedly.
                           (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        Please. Listen to me. Don’t lose 
                        heart. 

           EXT. COAST ROAD - MORNING

           On the road in the middle of desolate salt flats, the strange 
           lattice of lightning flickering across the sky, the MAN is 
           looking through the binoculars, the BOY waiting unhappily, they 
           are barefoot on the tarmac. 

           POV MAN - up ahead is the THIEF, trundling the loaded cart along 
           the road. 

                                 MAN.
                        Come on.

           They take off after the thief, bare feet thudding on the tarmac, 
           the MAN in front, the BOY trailing, trying to catch up. The 
           THIEF looks in the rear view mirror at them and speeds up, head 
           bent down over the handle running for his life. When he looks 
           back again the MAN has drawn his pistol and is aiming it 
           directly at him. He stops the cart, pulls a carving knife from 
           his belt, and turns to face them, standing behind the cart. The 
           MAN faces him, stock still, holding the BOY’s hand, training the 
           gun on the THIEF.

                                 MAN.
                        Get away from the cart and put the 
                        knife down.

           The MAN spits and brandishes the knife desperately, he’s 
           scrawny, sullen, bearded and filthy in the yellow plastic rain 
           coat from the boat, tied with string. 

                                 MAN.
                        If you don’t put down the carving 
                        knife and get away from the godamn 
                        cart I’m going to blow your brains 
                        out.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Be quiet.
                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)           The MAN cocks the pistol and there’s two loud CLICKS. The THIEF 
           stares at the magazine which looks full.

                                 MAN.
                        God damn you.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa please don’t kill the man.

                                 THIEF.
                        Come on man, I done what you said, 
                        listen to the boy.

           The BOY starts crying - the THIEF looks at the BOY and then the 
           angry MAN, this seems to be sobering. He puts the knife on the 
           cart and steps away, hands in the air, his thumbs are missing.

                                 MAN.
                        How long have you been following us?

                                 THIEF.
                        I wasn’t following you. I saw the cart 
                        on the sand an’ I just took it.

                                 BOY.
                        Please Papa.

                                 MAN.
                        Take your clothes off. Take them off, 
                        every godamn stitch.

                                 THIEF.
                        Come on man, don’t do this.

                                 MAN.
                        I’ll kill you where you stand.

                                 THIEF.
                        Don’t do this, man.

                                 MAN.
                        I won’t tell you again.

                                 THIEF.
                        All right, all right, just take it 
                        easy.
                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                  (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The THIEF looks at the BOY who is now covering his ears and the 
           MAN takes an intimidating step closer with the gun.

           The THIEF starts stripping and piling his rags in the road.

                                 MAN.
                        The shoes.

                                 THIEF.
                        Come on man.

                                 MAN.
                        The shoes.

           He sits naked in the road and unlaces the rotting shoes.

                                 MAN.
                        Put them in the cart.

           The THIEF stands and drops the shoes in the cart.

                                 MAN.
                        Put the clothes in.

           The MAN drops the clothes in and stands there covering himself, 
           shivering.

                                 THIEF.
                        Don’t do this to me man.

                                 MAN.
                        You didn’t mind doing it to us.

                                 THIEF.
                        I’m begging you.

                                 BOY.
                        Papa.

                                 THIEF.
                        Come on, listen to the kid.

                                 MAN.
                        You tried to kill us.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                 THIEF.
                        I’m starving man. You’d have done the 
                        same. 

                                 MAN.
                        You took everything.

                                 THIEF.
                        I’ll die out here.

                                 MAN.
                        I’m going to leave you the way you 
                        left us.

           The MAN grabs the cart by the handle, pulls it around, puts the 
           pistol on top and holds his hand out for the BOY.

                                 MAN.
                        Let’s go.

           The BOY doesn’t take his hand but they set off along the 
           blacktop, the BOY snivelling and crying, leaving the THIEF 
           shivering and whimpering.

                                 BOY.
                        Oh papa.

                                 MAN.
                        Stop it.

                                 BOY.
                        I can’t stop it.

                                 MAN.
                        What do you think would have happened 
                        to him if we hadn’t caught him? You’ve 
                        got to learn.

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want to learn!

                                 MAN.
                        I won’t be here forever. Sooner or 
                        later you’ll have to look after 
                        yourself.

           The BOY just looks at him - and keeps crying.
                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)           EXT. ROAD/COAST - DAY

           Some distance away the BOY looks back at the THIEF, still 
           crying.

                                 MAN.
                        You have to stop crying.

                                 BOY.
                        I can’t.

           The BOY looks back one last time as the THIEF disappears from 
           view - still just standing there, utterly lost.

           The MAN stops and puts his shoes on. He walks back up the road 
           to the bend but the THIEF has gone.

                                 MAN.
                        He’s gone. Come on.

                                 BOY.
                        He’s not gone. He’s not.

           The MAN looks helplessly at the tearful BOY as he fits his shoes 
           on for him, the tears streaking the soot on his face.

                                 MAN.
                        What do you want to do?

                                 BOY.
                        Just help him, Papa. Just help him.

           The MAN looks back down the road, weighing it up.

                                 BOY.
                        He was just hungry Papa. He’s going to 
                        die.

                                 MAN.
                        He’s going to die anyway.

                                 BOY.
                        He’s so scared.
                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I’m scared. Do you understand? I’m 
                        scared.

           The MAN tries to look the BOY in the eye but he keeps his head 
           bowed, sobbing.

                                 MAN.
                        You’re not the one who has to worry 
                        about everything.

           The BOY mumbles, tearful and snotty.

                                 MAN.
                        What? What did you say?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes I am. I am the one. 

           The MAN stops and faces the innocent BOY angrily, stares, then 
           summoning all his strength, turns the cart around and they start 
           wheeling it back the way they came.

                                 MAN.
                        Help me push.

           The MAN takes the BOY’s hand and puts it on the cart handle and 
           they push.

           EXT. ROAD/COAST - EVENING

           As the light starts to fade they look for the THIEF and call out 
           “Hallo!” Etc. After a moment they stop.

                                 BOY.
                        He’s afraid to answer.

                                 MAN.
                        Is this where we stopped?

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know. I think so.

           They keep walking, hands cupped to mouths, hallooing mindlessly. 
           The MAN stops to rest and watches the BOY a moment, he has 
           stopped crying as he calls out for the thief.
                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                      (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)           Finally the MAN piles the THIEF’s shoes and clothes in the road. 
           He puts a rock on top of them.

                                 MAN.
                        Come on. We have to go. 

           The BOY eyes the close sadly, silent now.

           EXT. ORCHARD - DAY

           THE MAN’S DREAM - a dream and a memory of an early summer day, 
           the MAN and his WIFE are in an orchard, lying in the sun on a 
           picnic blanket, an array of food, bread, fruit and wine beside 
           them. The MAN lies back and his WIFE cradles his head in her 
           lap, stroking his brow. She brings her face down and gently 
           plants a simple kiss on each of his eyelids, then on each of his 
           lips.

           POV MAN - his WIFE’s face, smiling a dazzling, radiant smile, 
           framed by sunlight and the indistinct shapes of leaves and 
           blossom and petals against the sky - to him she is angelic.  
           Then he kisses her on each eye and on the lips too - their 
           ritual caress.

           END OF DREAM SEQUENCE.

           EXT. ROADSIDE DUNES - DAWN

           The MAN awakes distressed, he wipes a tear, blinks in confusion. 
           The BOY appears to be sound asleep beside him.

           EXT. RESORT TOWN - DAY

           They approach a small beach resort with a faded “Welcome” sign 
           across the road, the BOY holding the MAN’s hand now.

           EXT. RESORT TOWN/WATER’S EDGE - DAY

           They are down by the water. Small pleasure boats are half sunken 
           in the grey water. Faded colored bunting and painted signs 
           advertise ICE CREAMS, FOOD and a FUN FAIR. The BOY helps the man 
           push the cart through the sand until they can go no further, 
           they stop and drop onto the sand, exhausted.
                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Can I tell you something? 

                                 MAN.
                        Yes.

                                 BOY.
                        You tell me I shouldn’t cry but I’ve 
                        heard you crying. I hear you coughing 
                        and crying to yourself in the night 
                        when you think I’m asleep.

                                 MAN.
                        What of it?

                                 BOY.
                        So if I shouldn’t cry you shouldn’t 
                        cry either.

           They look at each other.

           EXT. PORT - LATE AFTERNOON

           On the port side of town the MAN wheels the cart through the 
           deserted docks past rotten piers, a row of empty wooden 
           warehouses and a rusty red tanker washed up. He is COUGHING and 
           the sound echoes off the warehouse walls. The BOY is trailing a 
           few paces behind, they’re not speaking now.

           EXT. BACK STREET - EVENING

           As they pass the last of a row of deserted warehouses the MAN 
           slows down to let the BOY catch up. Without warning something 
           WHISTLES over their heads very close and hits the wall beside 
           them with a loud CLATTER. The MAN lunges at the BOY, landing on 
           top of him to cover him and tries to grab the cart which tips 
           over, spilling everything out.

           The MAN desperately tries to take cover while he looks over his 
           shoulder and sees:

           POV MAN - in the upper window of a warehouse a man is drawing a 
           bow and arrow aimed right at them.
                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)           In desperation the MAN covers the BOY and tries to scrabble away 
           but there’s a DULL TWANG of bowstring and an arrow THUDS into 
           his leg.

                                 MAN.
                        Oh you bastard! You bastard!

           The MAN claws the blankets from the upturned cart aside and 
           scrabbles around for the pistol but it has fallen from his belt 
           onto the cobbles and scattered out of reach. He spots the flare 
           gun and seizes it, resting it on the cart and aiming  carefully 
           at the empty window. When the lone ARCHER appears again he 
           squeezes off a shot and the flare goes rocketing up towards the 
           window in a firey arc, ablaze with color, clean through the 
           window. They can hear the ARCHER SCREAMING inside and see the 
           colored light still flaring from the window.

                                 BOY.
                        Oh Papa!

                                 MAN.
                        Stay just like you are.

           He gets up and runs limping across the street.

           INT. WOODEN STAIRS - EVENING

           He limps up the stairs of the old warehouse as quickly as he 
           can, flare gun at the ready, arrow in his leg.

           INT. WAREHOUSE FLOOR - EVENING

           He bursts into the main room and trains the gun. At the far end 
           a WOMAN is sitting with the prone form of the ARCHER, covering 
           him with her coat. The floor is burnt in a huge patch left by 
           the flare and is still in flames. 

                                 ARCHER’S WOMAN.
                        You son of a bitch cock sucking 
                        fucking motherfucker!

                                 MAN.
                        Who else is up here?

                                 ARCHER’S WOMAN.
                        You shit kicking fucking asshole!
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           The MAN looks down, his leg is bleeding heavily now and the 
           arrow is still sticking out.

                                 MAN.
                        Where’s the bow?

                                 ARCHER’S WOMAN.
                        I don’t have it.

                                 MAN.
                        Why are you following us?

                                 ARCHER’S WOMAN.
                        We’re not following anybody. You were 
                        following us!

           The MAN stares at the WOMAN, looking her up and down, she looks 
           sick and thin and desperate. He looks at the ARCHER, lying there 
           dead, his chest and one arm and his face burnt, still smoking. 
           The WOMAN covers his face with the blanket and the MAN doesn’t 
           know what to say, ashamed. He goes.

           EXT. JETTY - DAY

           POV - again from a distance, as if a third party is watching, we 
           watch the MAN and BOY, they are on the jetty. 

           The MAN tries to pull the arrow out but just pulls the wooden 
           stem out. He takes off his bloodied trousers and examines the 
           gaping wound with a flap of flesh and the arrow head, made from 
           a SPOON, buried inside.

                                 MAN.
                        See if you can find the medical kit 
                        from the boat. Quickly.

           The BOY rummages in the cart, finds the kit and hands it over. 
           He stares as the MAN slowly extracts the spoon, wincing in 
           agony. The MAN dowses the wound in antiseptic from the kit and 
           searches through the kit for a needle. He finds a suture needle 
           in a sterile envelope, rips it open with his teeth and, using 
           the light coming in through the parlour windows he threads some 
           silk thread into the needle. He starts to suture up the wound, 
           grimacing in pain as the BOY watches in silence, until 
           eventually commenting:

                                 BOY.
                        Does it hurt?
                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                 MAN (STARES.)
                        Yes! It hurts!

                                 BOY.
                        What does it feel like?

           The MAN eyes the BOY, surprised at his inopportune chat.

                                 MAN.
                        At least you’re talking to me now.

           EXT. JETTY/WATER FRONT - NIGHT

           They have a campfire by the jetty and sit overlooking the bay, 
           silent until:

                                 MAN.
                        Do you want me to tell you a story?

                                 BOY.
                        No.

                                 MAN.
                        Why not?

                                 BOY.
                        Your stories aren’t true.

                                 MAN.
                        They don’t have to be true. They’re 
                        stories.

                                 BOY.
                        In the stories we’re always helping 
                        people. But we don’t help people. We 
                        just shoot people. And in the stories 
                        good things happen but we just get 
                        sick. 

                                 MAN.
                        We’re still here aren’t we? Doesn’t 
                        that mean anything?
                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           EXT. BEACH/SHORELINE - DAY

           The MAN pushes the cart slowly, finding it a great effort, it 
           CRUNCHES as it trundles over bleached bones and fish skeletons. 
           The BOY helps push, eying the MAN with concern. The MAN stops 
           and rests on the cart and the BOY pushes on a few more feet then 
           stops and looks back as the MAN COUGHS for a long painful 
           moment.  He takes the bloodstained surgical mask from his face, 
           his breath foggy in the cold, he wrings out the blood and 
           saliva, puts his head between his knees and coughs until he can 
           cough no more, gasping for breathe, bloody drool unspooling from 
           his lips into the sand like scarlet twine while the BOY watches, 
           weeping silently.

                                 MAN.
                        We have to leave the cart. I can’t 
                        push it anymore.

           EXT. ESPLANADE/BEACH - DAY

           They are trudging along a concrete causeway by the beach road, 
           the beach below, the BOY carrying a battered suitcase now, the 
           MAN carrying sacks and bags. They stop and the MAN leans against 
           a concrete rail impossibly breathless, his lungs packing up. 

           The BOY takes his hand gently.

                                 BOY.
                        What are we going to do Papa?

           The MAN can’t answer for breathlessness.

                                 BOY.
                        Well, what are we?

           The MAN sits heavily on the ground, totters, then keels over 
           like a dying animal as the BOY stands watching him, eyes welling 
           with tears.

                                 BOY.
                        Oh no, Papa. 
                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - DAY

           The MAN is drifting in and out of consciousness in the sand. The 
           BOY comes over with a cup of water and holds it to the MAN’s 
           lips, he drinks. The BOY has also lit a fire. He spreads out 
           blankets. 

                                 MAN.
                        Don’t get comfortable. You need to 
                        keep going. You don’t know what might 
                        be down the road. 

                                 BOY.
                        No.

                                 MAN.
                        We were always lucky. You’ll be lucky 
                        again. You’ll see. Just go.

                                 BOY.
                        No. I can’t.

                                 MAN.
                        It’s all right. This has been a long 
                        time coming. Just keep going south. Do 
                        everything the way we did it.

                                 BOY.
                        No. You’re going to be okay Papa. You 
                        have to.

                                 MAN.
                        Keep the gun with you at all times. 
                        Don’t let anyone take it from you. You 
                        need to find the good guys but you 
                        can’t take any chances. Do you hear 
                        me?

                                 BOY.
                        I want to be with you.

                                 MAN.
                        I want to be with you too but I can’t.

                                 BOY.
                        Please.
                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        You have to go off on your own now. 
                        You have to carry the fire.

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know how to.

                                 MAN.
                        Yes you do. You know everything about 
                        it.

                                 BOY.
                        Is it real? The fire? Papa?

                                 MAN.
                        Yes it is.

                                 BOY.
                        Where is it? I don’t know where it is.

                                 MAN.
                        Yes you do. 

                                 BOY.
                        Where?

                                 MAN.
                        It’s inside you. It was always there. 
                        I can see it.

           The BOY stares at him, not sure what to believe.

                                 MAN.
                        You have to let me go.

                                 BOY.
                        Just take me with you please. Please, 
                        Papa! What should I do?

                                 MAN.
                        Just hold my hand.

           The BOY grips the MAN’s hand, bouncing up and down, agitated.

                                 BOY.
                        You said you wouldn’t ever leave me.
                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                 MAN.
                        I know. I’m sorry. 

           The BOY falls on the MAN, hugging him tight, face pressed to his 
           chest, sobbing.

                                 MAN.
                        My boy. You have my whole heart. You 
                        always did. You’re the best guy. You 
                        can talk to me and I’ll talk to you. 
                        You’ll see.

                                 BOY.
                        How will I hear you?

                                 MAN.
                        You just will. 

                                 BOY.
                        How do you know?

                                 MAN.
                        You just have to practice. Just don’t 
                        give up okay? You’ll be okay. You’re 
                        going to be lucky. I know you are.

           The MAN closes his eyes and takes deep, rattling breaths.

                                 BOY.
                        It’s okay Papa. You don’t have to talk 
                        anymore.

           Camera pulls back and the BOY is sitting with the MAN saying 
           nothing. It’s starting to grow dark. The BOY crouches down on 
           the MAN’s chest and goes to sleep there, rising and falling with 
           his father’s breathing.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - NIGHT

           Darkness all around, the BOY is lying across the MAN, his hand 
           rising and falling on the MAN’s chest slowly, irregularly as the 
           MAN’s breath rattles in his lungs.
                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                            (cid:13)           EXT. CORN FIELD - DAY

           FLASHBACK - and the MAN’S LAST DREAM - a birds eye view of a 
           bucolic mid-west farming landscape saturated in orange sunlight, 
           corn fields, a FARMER PLOUGHING a nearby field, grain silos and 
           a hay stack... the intense BUZZING of summer insects and the 
           SONG of songbirds as in the title sequence.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - MORNING

           The BOY is awake but doesn’t move, his hand still on the MAN’s 
           chest, now motionless. He looks at the MAN who is cold and stiff 
           now, long dead. The BOY gets up and holds the MAN’s cold stiff 
           hand. Tears course down his face silently.

                                 BOY.
                        Oh Papa. Papa. Papa...

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - NIGHT

           The BOY is building a campfire. He lights it and sits there 
           watching the MAN’s motionless body.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - MORNING

           The BOY has slept beside the MAN, he wakes, blinks, bewildered.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - DAY

           The BOY is zipping up the MAN’s parka carefully and heaping 
           blankets on top, talking all the while. 

                                 BOY.
                        Can I tell you something? I had a bad 
                        dream. I had this penguin that you 
                        wound up and it would waddle and flap 
                        its flippers.  And we were in that 
                        house we used to live in and it came 
                        around the corner but nobody had wound 
                        it up and it was really scary because-
                        because-because...  
           (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                     (cid:13)                                                                      (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)           He goes quiet as he finishes tending to the body and puts his 
           own parka on, zips it up.

                                 BOY.
                        The winder wasn’t turning.

           He takes the gun, checks the magazine, takes out the wooden 
           dummy bullets leaving the real ones there, shuts the magazine 
           and stands, shoving the pistol in his belt.

           EXT. WATER’S EDGE - DAY

           The BOY is standing at the water’s edge looking out at the smog 
           and the emptiness. Out of nowhere a man in a gray and red ski 
           parka with the hood up appears carrying a shotgun over his 
           shoulder and a belt of shells.

           He goes over to the BOY, he is bearded and scarred with a 
           wandering eye and a crushed cheekbone, a veteran of many 
           skirmishes. The BOY doesn’t flinch, but his hand goes to the gun 
           at his side. When the man speaks he has some sort of speech 
           defect, possibly caused by missing teeth. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        Where’s the man you were with? (NO 
                        REPLY.) Was he your father?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes. He was my Papa. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        I’m sorry. 

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t know what to do.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Well, I think maybe you should come 
                        with me.

           The BOY’s finger tightens on the trigger of the GUN.

                                 BOY.
                        Are you one of the good guys?
                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 VETERAN.
                        Yeah. I’m one of the good guys. Why 
                        don’t you put that pistol away?

                                 BOY.
                        I’m not supposed to let anybody take 
                        the pistol. No matter what.

                                 VETERAN.
                        I don’t want your pistol. I just 
                        didn’t want you pointing it at me. 

           The BOY lowers the gun to his side and the VETERAN comes a few 
           steps closer, causing the BOY to back up a step.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Where’s your stuff? 

                                 BOY.
                        I don’t have much stuff. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        What have you got? Blankets?

                                 BOY.
                        My Papa’s wrapped in them.

                                 MAN.
                        Show me.

           The BOY doesn’t move. The MAN holds out his hand for the BOY to 
           take, the BOY sees he has a THUMB MISSING and hesitates, wary. 
           The MAN squats, leaning on his shotgun.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Look. You got two choices here. You 
                        can stay here with your papa or you 
                        can go with me. If you stay you need 
                        to keep off the road.

                                 BOY.
                        How do I know you’re one of the good 
                        guys?

                                 VETERAN.
                        You don’t. You’ll have to take a shot.

           The BOY weighs it up, eyeing the VETERAN.
                                       (cid:13)                                                   (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                               (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                         (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        Do you have any kids?

                                 VETERAN.
                        Yes we do.

                                 BOY.
                        Do you have a little boy?

                                 VETERAN.
                        We have a little boy and a little 
                        girl. 

                                 BOY.
                        How old is he?

                                 VETERAN.
                        He’s about your age. Maybe a little 
                        older.

                                 BOY.
                        And you didn’t eat them?

                                 VETERAN.
                        No.

                                 BOY.
                        You don’t eat people?

                                 VETERAN.
                        No. We don’t eat people.

                                 BOY.
                        Are you carrying the fire?

                                 VETERAN.
                        Am I what?

                                 BOY.
                        Carrying the fire.

                                 VETERAN.
                        You’re kind of weirded out, aren’t 
                        you, kid?

                                 BOY.
                        Well, are you? 
                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                            (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                 VETERAN.
                        Yeah. I am. I’m carrying the fire. 

                                 BOY.
                        And I can go with you?

                                 VETERAN.
                        Yes, you can.

           The BOY hesitates.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - DAY

           They go over to where the MAN lies dead and the VETERAN squats 
           and lifts a blanket to take a look.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Are these all the blankets you have?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Is that your suitcase?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes.

           The VETERAN stands and studies the BOY.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Why don’t you go up onto the road and 
                        wait for me. I’ll bring the blankets.

                                 BOY.
                        What about my Papa? 

                                 VETERAN.
                        What about him?

                                 BOY.
                        We can’t just leave him here.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Yes we can.
                                       (cid:13)                                                      (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                              (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                             (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                                 (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
                        (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        I don’t want people to see him. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        There’s nobody to see him.

                                 BOY.
                        Can I cover him in leaves?

                                 VETERAN.
                        The wind will blow them away.

                                 BOY.
                        Could we cover him with one of the 
                        blankets?

                                 VETERAN.
                        Okay. I’ll do it. Go on now.

           EXT. ROAD/COAST - DAY

           The BOY waits and in a moment the VETERAN emerges from the dunes 
           carrying the suitcase with the blankets slung over his shoulder. 
           He sorts through them and hands one to the BOY.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Here. Wrap this around you. You’re 
                        cold.

           The BOY eye the blanket uncertainly, holds out the pistol for 
           the VETERAN to hold.

                                 VETERAN.
                        You hold onto that.

                                 BOY.
                        Okay.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Do you know how to shoot it?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Okay.
                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                               (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                           (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                 BOY.
                        What about my papa?

                                 VETERAN.
                        There’s nothing else to be done.

                                 BOY.
                        I think I want to say goodbye to him.

                                 VETERAN.
                        Will you be all right?

                                 BOY.
                        Yes. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        Go ahead. I’ll wait here for you.

           The BOY turns around and heads down to the beach.

           EXT. BEACH/DUNES - DAY

           The BOY trudges through the sand over to the corpse of the MAN 
           which is now neatly wrapped up in a blanket from head to toe. 
           The BOY kneels beside him and starts to cry silently and 
           whisper.

                                 BOY.
                        I’ll talk to you every day. And I 
                        won’t forget. No matter what. No 
                        matter what, Papa.

           The BOY dries his eyes, takes a breath, gets up and walks back 
           to the road...

           EXT. CAUSEWAY/ROAD - DAY

           As the BOY walks out of the dunes holding the gun, a MOTHERLY 
           WOMAN who is standing with the VETERAN comes towards him.

                                 MOTHERLY WOMAN.
                        Oh. I am so glad to see you. 

           The BOY just stares at her, bemused - a short distance away 
           stands the rest of the family - a BOY his age and a GIRL. 
                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                           (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                                          (cid:13)                                 (cid:13)                     (cid:13)                                    (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                   (cid:13)                                                                 (cid:13)           The BOY stares at the OTHER BOY and recognizes him - it’s the 
           same BOY he chased earlier. 

           The MOTHERLY WOMAN goes over and puts her arms around him.

                                 MOTHERLY WOMAN.
                        We’ve been following you. Did you know 
                        that? We saw you with your Papa and we 
                        tried to catch up but you were too 
                        quick for us. 

                                 VETERAN.
                        There was some discussion about 
                        whether to even come after you at all.

           As she’s chatting, the MOTHERLY WOMAN gently takes the gun from 
           the BOY and hands it to the VETERAN.

                                 MOTHERLY WOMAN.
                        We’re so lucky. We were so worried 
                        about you. And now we don’t have to 
                        worry about a thing. 

           She kisses the BOY on the forehead and holds him at arm’s length 
           and looks at him.

                                 MOTHERLY WOMAN.
                        How does that sound? Is that okay?

           CLOSING CREDITS.
                                 (MORE)
                                                                  (cid:13)                                       (cid:13)                                              (cid:13)                                          (cid:13)
           (cid:13)                                                     (cid:13)
           (cid:13)