                                     WORLD WAR Z

                                     Written by

                                J. Michael Straczynski
                               Matthew Michael Carnahan
           INT. COCKPIT, 767 COMMERCIAL AIRLINER - MORNING

           In white font: Over Pennsylvania

           Closed and locked cockpit door viewed from pilots’ side. 
           Peephole at eye level. Scratching from the other side of the 
           door: passenger cabin. Neither frantic nor forceful, but 
           constant-quiet-probing. It stops.

           POV switches: 2 pilots stare at the door. Bloodshot 
           intensity. Behind their heads, through the windshield: 20,000 
           feet up in cloudless blue. 29 year-old CO-PILOT with a 
           handset in one hand, pistol in the other. Keys the handset to 
           summon a Flight Attendant. We hear the resulting DING from 
           the other side of the door - a second of anticipation - then 
           somebody or something slams the door with massive, heart-
           stopping force and sound. Pilots flinch huge.

           60 year-old PILOT stands, thin veneer of cold sweat. Peers 
           out the peephole: just the back of someone's head...

                                 PILOT
                        Still there. Same head.

                                 CO-PILOT
                        What is going on? We might be dead-

                                 PILOT
                        -don’t talk Death in my cockpit-

                                 CO-PILOT
                        -SHUT UP. Fine-

           -the scratching again. Pilot sits. Ground Control calls:

                                 CONTROL (ON RADIO)
                        Trans 344: under no circumstance 
                        should you open cockpit door! Copy?

           Quick eye contact between the 2 pilots. Anger forgotten.

                                 PILOT
                        What have you found out?

                                 CONTROL (ON RADIO)
                        Incidents at O’Hare, SFO-

                                 CO-PILOT
                        -don’t say ‘incident’ okay? Don’t 
                        say ‘incident.’ What is going on?
           INT. VOLVO - MORNING

           In white font: Philadelphia

           Gridlock on I-95, in Philadelphia proper. In the Car: GERRY 
           LANE, 43, his wife KARIN, 38, and their daughters RACHEL, 10, 
           and CONSTANCE, 6. Constance plays with dolls. Rachel reads. 
           Until she gets too nauseous, looks out the window until she 
           feels better, then starts reading again. Car inching along.

                                 NPR (ON RADIO)
                        Despite intense street fighting and 
                        international condemnation, Israeli 
                        construction crews continue working 
                        round-the-clock to finish the 
                        ‘Enhanced Security Wall’ that will 
                        seal the whole of that Nation’s 
                        eastern border...

           Gerry’s face: an audible exhale, small shake of his head.

                                 KARIN
                        Depressing.

                                 NPR (ON RADIO)
                        ...two more groups of workers were 
                        attacked near Bethlehem...

                                 GERRY
                        Traffic?

                                 KARIN
                        That too.

                                 NPR (ON RADIO)
                        Cuba has extended the ‘temporary 
                        freeze’ on all flights into that 
                        country for another day due to 
                        continuing Mad Cow fears...

           Connie, now playing with a pudgy little stuffed cow:

                                 CONNIE
                        What’s Mad Cow?

                                 GERRY
                        Instead of mooing as you drive by, 
                        Mad Cows yell at you: ‘Slow down!’

           Connie laughs. Rachel a budding smart ass - without taking 
           her eyes out of her book:

                                 RACHEL
                        It’s a horrific brain disease-
                                 GERRY
                        -enough.

           Jaunty piano jazz on the radio now, then:

                                 NPR (ON RADIO)
                        I’m Terry Gross. Today on Fresh 
                        Aire I’ll talk to Adam Skilken, 
                        author of God plays in my Jug Band-

                                 KARIN
                        -rag on me for falling asleep on 
                        road trips, but you leave it on-

                                 GERRY
                        -turn it then. We’re in Philly: 
                        there’s gotta be Morning Zoo-types 
                        farting into a mic somewhere...

           Big laughs from his girls. That same instant, a blue Airport 
           Shuttle Van roars past on the shoulder at 70 MPH. Mach 
           relative to the gridlock. In the flash of it’s passing, we 
           think we spot movement in the back. Something subliminally 
           disturbing about the glimpse. Karin and Gerry lose their 
           smiles for reasons they can’t name. Van takes the nearest 
           exit, Gerry following it with his eyes...

                                 KARIN (O.C.)
                        Were those sirens always up there?

           Gerry looks at his wife, then to where she points: in the 
           distance, a line of emergency lights stretch across the 
           Interstate - just in front of and beneath the Ben Franklin 
           Bridge. Gerry grimaces at what he’s sure is a big accident. 
           Looks again at the exit the Van took...and exits himself now. 

           The very moment he commits, Fresh Aire is interrupted by the 
           ugly beeps of the Emergency Broadcasting System...

                                                        FLASH TO BLACK.

           Then the Title Card in white font:

                                       WORLD WAR Z

           Still over black. Chest-felt reverbs of a helicopter. Then:

                                 UNKNOWN VOICE
                        I HAVE NO IDEA, HON, AND RIGHT NOW 
                        I DON’T CARE - I JUST KNOW THEY’RE 
                        THE ENEMY! NOW GO GET THE GRANDKIDS-

           -the sound of a jet passing by so close and fast it hurts-
                                 UNKNOWN VOICE (CONT’D)
                        -JESUS CHRIST!

           INT. UH-60 BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER OVER PHILLY - HIGH NOON

           Gray-haired BRIGADIER wearing a headset, the mouthpiece 
           flipped up and one of the earpieces pulled back so he can 
           talk on a personal cell. An A-10 has just streaked past the 
           open door, close enough to touch.

           In white font: 3 hours later

           Brigadier takes the phone away, flips down the Headset’s 
           mouthpiece to address his pilots:

                                 BRIGADIER/UNKNOWN VOICE
                        TELL THESE AMERICAN AIRLINE WEEKEND 
                        WARRIORS IF THEY GIVE US ANOTHER 
                        CLOSE SHAVE-
                             (remembers his phone call)
                        -JENNY? I’M NOT SWEARING GOD DAMN 
                        IT, BUT I WILL IF YOU DON’T MOVE! 
                        SWEETIE, I’LL SEE YOU AT THE LAKE. 
                        EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE OKAY. GO.

           Pockets the phone. Turns to a COLONEL sitting next to him:

                                 BRIGADIER
                        WE ARE LOST IF WE DON’T START 
                        HITTING WITH ARTILLERY!

           He and we finally look down: breathtaking. In orbit above the 
           Ben Franklin Bridge. 10,000 dark FORMS on the Jersey side, 
           trying to cross into Philly by bridge or river: hundreds of 
           these FORMS splashing into the Delaware. Just in front of 
           them, on both the bridge and in the water, masses of panicked 
           Humanity fleeing those FORMS.

           4 A-10s take turns strafing the FORMS, hitting the rear ranks 
           of Humans every other pass. Abandoned cars in the midst of 
           this on the bridge and leading up, burst into pieces/flames, 
           obliterating everything and everyone nearby.

                                 BRIGADIER (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        I WANT DIRECT LINES TO THOSE PILOTS-

                                 COLONEL
                        -THEY’RE AIR FORCE-

                                 BRIGADIER
                        -RELAY THE FOLLOWING: GENIUSES, THE 
                        HUMANS DOWN THERE AREN’T THE 
                        PLAYING FIELD, THEY’RE THE PRIZE!
           On the Pennsylvania side of the bridge below, a formation of 
           Soldiers and Stryker Vehicles finally getting into position, 
           filling out barely coherent lines held by Philly Police...

           Brigadier happy about that. Then he looks out the other side 
           of the Chopper now: Center City. Dark throngs branching out 
           in all directions, glimpsed between gaps in the buildings. 
           Loses his ephemeral good feeling. To the Colonel:

                                 BRIGADIER (CONT’D)
                        WHERE ARE THE APACHES AND ARMOR SO 
                        I CAN GET BETWEEN THE SKYSCRAPERS-

                                 COLONEL
                        -STILL GETTING SIGN-OFF ON ARMOR: 
                        THEIR TREADS DESTROY THE STREETS...

           Brigadier stares back at the Colonel. Gape mouthed. Like he’s 
           only now appreciating the extent and depth of the Confederacy 
           of Dunces arrayed against him. Yelling but hopeless:

                                 BRIGADIER
                        THEN BLASTING JERSEY WITH ARTILLERY 
                        IS GONNA TAKE A SENATE HEARING-

           -on cue and just behind his head: artillery rounds suddenly 
           hammering the dark throng on the Jersey side of the bridge. 
           Finally. Concussive blasts audible over the din of the rotors-

                                 COLONEL
                        -NO, THEY’RE COOL WITH THAT...

           EXT. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN BRIDGE - DAY

           Soldiers and Cops who make up the frontlines, most half-
           dressed in a mufti of running shoes, jeans, as well as bits 
           of official kit (speaks to how quickly this War came) CHEER 
           as artillery detonates in great plumes. Within those plumes 
           we see dozens of FORMS billow into the sky, come apart...

           In white font: The Battle of Philadelphia

           Artillery blasts coming like the tides now as refugees 
           continue surging through the line. The visible, misty, speed-
           of-sound concussions caused buy the massive detonations roll 
           over us continually, knocking people off their feet. But the 
           Soldiers keep encouraging/helping, confidence rising with 
           each masochistic blast from unseen Howitzers.

           Then pieces of those FORMS obliterated by this cannonade 
           begin falling back to Earth. Land like wet bombs, along with 
           all the sundry lacerating shrapnel. Perch on the shoulder of 
           a 19 YEAR OLD SOLDIER now. 
           Watch pieces/bodies rain down on the desperate Human mass in 
           front of us: 5-10 people at a time hit, injured, crushed.

           Then a legless, armless body hits right next to us. Dark, 
           syrup-thick blood spatters all. This shredded body lies 
           inert...eyes liquefied from the blast that tore it apart. 
           Head broken open. Ghastly. Smoking. And then it begins 
           snapping it’s jaws at the empty air, at our existence.

           It’s teeth chip-splinter-break from the force with which it 
           bites empty air: this distinctive, disturbing sound like wolf 
           traps opening and closing rapid-fire, but mixed with the 
           tinkling of glass or enamel breaking. The biting is rhythmic, 
           mechanical - like this thing is a vastly lesser form of life 
           now, cursed by DNA to some Sisyphean task in the food chain.

           10 nearby Soldiers simply stare at the immobile but vicious 
           thing, as artillery continues blasting, A-10s continue 
           strafing. It’s dead in every meaningful way, but just 
           continues snapping...all of it’s remaining teeth broken and 
           chipped. 19 year old figuring things before anyone 
           else...smashes the FORM’S face with the heel of his boot:

                                 19 YEAR OLD
                        STOP SHELLING! STOP THE SHELLING! 
                        THE PIECES - THEY’RE NOT DYING-

           -on cue: collective screams from multiple points within the 
           onrush of Humanity now. Punctuating roars you would hear at a 
           stadium if the home team made a monumental error - attacks 
           suddenly sprouting in the midst of these would-be refugees - 
           danger no longer confined to the rear. Soldiers scream for 
           people to hurry, shoving them behind the “lines.”

           19 year-old lifts his rifle - frustration ripples his face. 
           Begins tapping the futuristic but broken eye-piece on his 
           helmet - so he doesn’t see another legless FORM nearly land 
           on a woman 15 yards in front of him who is carrying her kid. 

           FORM latches onto the heel of her boot, trying to trip her 
           with one operable arm. She can’t reach down to extricate 
           herself for fear of letting go of her child. Shakes her foot 
           like mad - then blood leaks from the boot as the FORM gets 
           through to skin. Drops to her knees, wide-eyed vacant now as 
           the FORM bites it’s way up the back of her leg, pulling 
           itself up with it’s jaws and good arm.

           19 year-old just rips the eye piece off now. Brings the iron 
           sights of his rifle up to his naked eye - in time to see this 
           woman, no longer crying, still on her knees, repeatedly 
           biting into the neck of her own child now, her suddenly 
           cataract-cloudy eyes fixed on the 19 year-old. 19 year-old 
           reflexively fires the first rifle shots of the War at her 
           before he realizes it: an ear-piercing burst from his M4...
           And everything suddenly, weirdly, goes silent for a moment - 
           a lull between artillery blasts and strafing jets - like the 
           Earth is catching her breath for what comes next. Then 
           everyone on that bridge with a weapon pulls the trigger. 
           Thousands of refugees still down-range, some just steps from 
           providence when the guns roar. A God-sized scythe swinging at 
           twice the speed of sound across a horizon-wide field of 
           wheat. People jumping off the sides of the bridge now to 
           escape all - and dozens of FORMS follow them right over...

           FORMS suddenly at the feet of the Soldiers, jaws snap combat 
           boots. Bitten soldiers fall...then several seconds later, 
           when you least expect it, turn on Men and Women next to them. 
           No time to reload so Soldiers pull sidearms and shotguns and 
           knives and breaching hammers on the backpedal. Old Testament 
           hand-to-hand. Feral grunts and yips of Men and Women fighting 
           not necessarily for life but to stave off violent death.

           Fog of War means we still don’t get a prolonged look at the 
           FORMS. Certainly not time enough to ponder them, make any 
           sort of peace with what they are. But we do note one 
           extraordinarily disturbing thing about the FORMS during this 
           fight: they make no noise. No textbook moaning. No sound 
           whatsoever outside of the friction and flex of physical 
           movements, and that mechanical sound made by the breaking of 
           their teeth when they bite and miss.

           The frontline breaks. Overwhelmingly. Soldiers flee. 19 year-
           old still fights. Smashing FORMS with a breaching hammer, his 
           breath ragged. Then a massive ‘POP’ sound above our heads 
           rips POV up: one of the A-10s has indeed collided with the 
           Brigadier’s Black Hawk, atomizing the plane’s wing and the 
           chopper’s tail. A-10 pilot ejects - a second ‘pop’ sound-

           -19 year-old blind-sided by one of his own who has turned, 
           knocked to the ground, bitten a dozen times by the pile of 
           FORMS writhing at his feet.

           INT. THE LANES’ VOLVO STATION WAGON - DAY

           Gerry’s eyes bloodshot, disbelieving. Connie bawls. Rachel 
           stares out at the World, wide-eyed. Karin coos. Center City. 
           100s of fire alarms: farrago of bells, whoops, whistles. 
           Unseen gunfire of all calibers echo off building facades. 
           Rhythmic artillery bass underlying all. Pass an OBESE COP:

                                 OBESE COP
                        STAY IN YOUR CARS NO MATTER WHAT! 
                        MAKE SURE DOORS AND TAILGATES ARE 
                        LOCKED! GET HOME-GET HOME-

           -a ricocheting round from nowhere smacks our windshield - 
           massive speed, sound. Safety glass shatters in it’s frame.
                                 CONSTANCE
                        I WANT MY BATH ROBE!

           Karin unbuckles, turns in her seat now.

                                 KARIN
                        It’s packed Baby. I can’t get to it-

           -Gerry reaches a hand back to pat Connie’s foot. Ducking to 
           find a clear spot in the glass now. A MOTORCYCLE COP suddenly 
           roars past them, weaving his massive, festooned Harley 
           through traffic. Passes us head-on and inches away, tearing 
           the Volvo’s sideview mirror off with his handlebar. And he’s 
           screaming totally contradictory orders into his PA:

                                 MOTORCYCLE COP
                        GET OUT OF YOUR CARS! TOO LATE TO 
                        RUN! GET BACK INTO YOUR BUILDINGS!

           Gerry, head turned to the Motorcycle Cop, hits a curb that 
           blows the right front tire, gouges the under-belly. Karin 
           slams into the roof. Hard. Rubbing her head now, trying to 
           gather herself. To Gerry:

                                 KARIN
                        We’re not getting out of this car.

                                 CONSTANCE (O.C.)
                        MY ROBE!

           Karin turns back again, points to one of the stuffed animals 
           in Connie’s lap - a mouse wearing a business suit:

                                 KARIN
                        Snuggle with Subway Sam-

                                 CONSTANCE
                        -NO! I WANT MY-

                                 GERRY
                        -CONNIE! SUBWAY SAM GOD DAMN IT!

           Swerves hard to avoid a car. Radio blaring static. Connie 
           hugs Subway Sam, and the toy talks in this goofy voice:

                                 SUBWAY SAM
                        Here comes the #12 Train! Let’s 
                        count! 1, 2, 3-

           -Gerry punches the static-ridden radio off. Rubs Karin’s leg 
           out of connubial habit, grabs his cell with the same hand...
           INT. AN OFFICE IN A HIGH RISE - DAY

           In white font: UN Building, New York City

           Evacuation bedlam. Out the window: pillars of black smoke 
           proliferate. Phone ringing as a tall African Man, THIERRY 
           UMUTONI, packs furiously. Scoops up framed pictures - several 
           of he and Gerry from years ago - stuffs them into a backpack-

           -a bomb blast blows out his windows, knocks him down. 2 
           seconds pass. He stands back up, face and hands bleeding now, 
           dusts himself off, grabs an unopened box of pens, dumps them 
           into his bag, begins walking out. Phone starts ringing again. 
           Looks at it as he walks past it. Stops. Grimaces at his 
           decision to delay, answer. Blood dripping on the handset:

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        How ‘bout this Indian Summer?

                                 THIERRY
                        Gerald my friend, where are you?

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Philly - driving back from Karin’s 
                        folks-

                                 THIERRY
                        -turn around-

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        -can’t: they’re in Baltimore. What 
                        is this?

           Thierry flinches as more bombs detonate outside his window:

                                 THIERRY
                        The End I think.

           INT. VOLVO - NEXT MOMENT

           Gerry’s face drains of color, hope.

                                 GERRY
                        You don’t believe in God.

           That response causes Karin to put her hand to her forehead.

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Then I saw them Gerry. They bite...

                                 GERRY
                        I’m collecting on your debt, 
                        Thierry. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 GERRY (CONT'D)
                        I remember the evac plans: you’re 
                        pulling Diplomats from the whole 
                        region right now-

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        -Philadelphia isn’t in that region-

                                 GERRY
                        -I got you from Kigali to Tanzania 
                        in a diesel runnin’ on kerosene. I 
                        can get from Philly back to New 
                        York in a God damn Volvo-

                                 CONNIE (O.C.)
                             (still crying)
                        -DADDY! SWEARING!

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Drive very fast. Safe Zone being 
                        set-up on Randall’s Island. My 
                        cell: 917-917-5557-

           -Gerry zips around a jack-knifed Semi desperate to straighten 
           out: backing into/thru other cars, people. Drops the phone. 
           Karin reaches, scoops it, puts it in her bag. Gerry to Karin, 
           quietly, like he’ll jinx it if he speaks too loud:

                                 GERRY
                        We got hope-

           -his eyes catch on the rearview mirror: Rachel not in her 
           seat. Snaps around: she’s balled up behind in the footwell.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Rach! Jesus baby you gotta buckle-

           -hammered blindside/broadside by another car. Airbags burst. 
           Underwater half-silence of ringing ears. Gerry blinks back 
           airbag dust. Nose bleeds parallel rivers. Almost knocked out. 
           Penetrating sound of his family crying.

           Of course only now does he see a wide-open entrance ramp to 
           an elevated freeway: a Military blockade in the process of 
           abandoning their post. Enraged at his luck, the other driver. 
           Just as he’s about to spew invective, he sees the other 
           Driver and Passenger are bloody, unconscious. To his family:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        OUT-OUT-MOVE-
           EXT. STREET - NEXT MOMENT

           Pile out the Passenger’s side. Dazed-bleeding-crying. Karin 
           first, Gerry just behind, still unsteady from the impact, 
           falls ugly as soon as he gets out of the car, splashing into 
           rivers of anti-freeze and transmission fluid. 

           Cars roar past now, all exploiting the sudden opening, inches 
           away from he and Karin as they pull their shell-shocked 
           daughters from the crippled Volvo. Rachel stays in a fetal 
           ball as Gerry lifts her. Karin hoists Connie-

                                 KARIN
                        -PLEASE GOD NO-

           -Gerry turns to look at what prompted this fundamental 
           prayer: 2 blocks back, in the intermittent shadows of mid-
           rises, hundreds of low FORMS swarm - and now is the very 
           first time we see the FORMS for more than a second. Zombies. 
           No better description. Some damaged: limbs hanging/gone, but 
           every one of their faces placid seeming, entirely focused. 
           Their ranks know no discrimination either: women, men, 
           elderly, child, black, white, obese, starving, rich, poor.

           In the relative open of the boulevard, we see that the 
           Zombies move like flocks of birds rather than groups of 
           people. Almost synchronized - nobody leading but everybody 
           leading. Again, the feeling that Mother Nature is still at 
           work. Flock flows over and into traffic-hemmed vehicles. 
           People clambering out are jumped, bitten, turned.

           Connie drops Subway Sam. Gerry just behind with Rachel, sees 
           it, but steps over it. Connie bawls even louder, lunges for 
           the toy, knocking her Mom off balance.

                                 SUBWAY SAM (O.C.)
                        Here comes the #10 train!

           Gerry growls with frustration, turns, reaches down for the 
           toy, his eyes though can’t help but be pinned on Zombies 
           pulling a father, roughly Gerry’s age, out of a mini-van. 
           Gerry snatches Subway Sam, squints with a half-formed 
           thought, brings the toy to his ear, pressing Rachel’s head 
           into his shoulder with his other hand. Begins backpedaling 
           now so he can continue to watch the attack...

                                 SUBWAY SAM (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Let’s count! 1-

           -three different Zombies bite the Father on the top and sides 
           of his head repeatedly just as Subway Sam says:

                                 SUBWAY SAM (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        2, 3, 4-
           -the Father flails, stumbles, and falls into the quarter 
           panel of a cab, then begins crawling to nowhere, leaking 
           bright red blood from a dozen wounds. Gerry silently mouthing 
           the count right along with Subway Sam-

                                 SUBWAY SAM (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        -5, 6, 7-

           -that instant the red blood turns black before our eyes. The 
           Father stands now, and along with a dozen other Zombies 
           begins punching the cab’s windows. Gerry stops just mouthing 
           now, and actually says out loud:

                                 GERRY

           Takes the doll away from his ear. Turns. Sprints. Catches up 
           with Karin. Grabs Constance so he has both girls. More 
           blessed vehicles fly up the entrance ramp. Karin waving at 
           them. She would have a better chance stopping the Earth’s 
           rotation than one of these cars.

           Two cars smash through the mass of runners. Gerry watches 
           several get back up: bloody, broken, resume their escape.

           Sound of an engine rips our attention back to the immediate: 
           an RV cuts off a Pick-Up to make it to the salvation of the 
           ramp. Pick-Up smokes the tires to stop, but they fender-bend. 
           Without hesitation the passenger of the Pick-Up, 2 feet from 
           the RV, opens fire with a pistol: pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop. RV 
           Driver and Passenger riddled. Pick-Up then simply grinds 
           through the RV’s fender, continues up the ramp.

           Gerry blinks back a mix of shock, revulsion. Then drops his 
           eyes to the RV’s exhaust pipe: issuing gray wisps...

           EXT. RV - NEXT MOMENT

           Karin tries to keep the kids away from the door as Gerry 
           pulls bodies out. People stream past, quieter now as the 
           Zombies close: all energy focused on flight. As Gerry lays 
           the driver down, his eyes catch Rachel’s: staring at the 
           wounds. No time to reassure: others notice the RV’s empty 
           driver’s seat. Gerry shoves his family in, locks the doors.

           INT. RV - NEXT MOMENT

           Windshield pocked, blood stained. Driver’s side window blown. 
           Quick glance at the sideview: Zombies 20 yards and closing. 
           Humans smacking the sides of the vehicle...but Gerry can’t 
           open the door. Or won’t open the door. 
           The wildly desperate try to shove kids and/or pets and/or 
           themselves into the hole where the driver’s side window was. 
           Then all vanish...

           One heartbeat later, just as the RV begins moving, a Zombie 
           face pops into the vacancy of the driver’s side window, 
           snapping like a rabid dog, teeth splintering with each miss. 
           A flinch that pulls muscles in his neck saves Gerry’s life. A 
           bite hits the head-rest: explosion of stuffing. Gerry leans 
           over as far as he can, heedless of direction. Karin rears 
           back and shoves the wheel with her foot so the RV swerves, 
           swipes queued traffic, crushing the Zombie just as more begin 
           hitting the back of the RV.

           Gerry throws it into reverse to get off the line of cars they 
           just hit, begins backing over untold numbers of Zombies.

                                 KARIN
                        BABY! FORWARD-

           -half dozen appear at Karin’s window, staring in that awful-
           placid way, using the butts of their fists to star the safety 
           glass inches from her face. Blackish, syrup-thick blood 
           stains the window from where their hands rupture. Karin can’t 
           help but stare back, moving her eyes between the various 
           cataract-cloudy-nearly swollen shut sets staring in.

                                 KARIN (CONT’D)
                        Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord-

           -Gerry puts the RV back in drive just as they’re surrounded. 
           Roars forward, pushing a Prius ahead of him all the way onto 
           the exit, and up onto the mostly empty expressway. Keeps his 
           eyes straight ahead so nothing will contradict his temporary 
           elation of having maybe escaped. Karin finishes her prayer. 
           Goes quiet. Constance still crying. Gerry scared, amped, 
           sweating, mouth dry as dirt, i.e. not at his best...

                                 GERRY
                        I can’t take that right now-

           -Karin goes back, cooing Connie. Then over her shoulder:

                                 KARIN
                        Which way we going?

           Gerry scans for landmarks: the Delaware River on his right. 
           Notices people floating in it - Zombies - placid faces 
           staring back at him. A Boeing 767 just ahead, low like it’s 
           on final approach, grabs his eye...something not adding.

                                 GERRY
                        I think...
           Notices the 767’s landing gear aren’t down. It banks now so 
           it’s moving toward us but off to our left...and never stops 
           banking until it’s upside down, streaking right over top the 
           RV at 500 feet, engines deafening, some sort of liquid 
           splashing down onto the RV/windshield as it passes over...

           PUSH IN on the 767’s cockpit windows. An upside-down frozen 
           moment: same Pilot and Co-Pilot we opened with, faces focused 
           on sacrifice. 767 knifes into the Delaware. A column of mud 
           and water shoots 300 feet in the air. Within that same 
           second, a massive explosion seems to ride up that column... 

           Shock-wave pushes the RV across two lanes, crushing a smaller 
           sedan into the concrete barrier separating northbound from 
           south. Gerry gets control again, continues on without looking 
           back at the car he just crushed/disabled. Blood vessels 
           popped in his eyes now from that shock-wave.

           4 silent seconds pass as black smoke pours from 50+ points 
           across the horizon. Then without fanfare, the starred safety 
           glass of the passenger side window just falls apart with an 
           impotent ‘pop.’ Half of it crumbling into the empty seat, the 
           other half raining down on asphalt. Gerry looks over at 
           it...maybe divining deeper meanings from the timing...

           INT. RV - DUSK

           Still driving. A blanket thrown over his upper body to ward 
           off the frigid night pouring in through shattered windows. 
           Fidgets with the still-operable GPS system suction-cupped to 
           the windshield. Avoiding interstates, toll ways.

           Very few cars on this 2-lane road. All stay away from each 
           other: a car moves all the way over to the shoulder as Gerry 
           overtakes it. Gerry looks at the Driver: a father with his 
           own family inside. Eye contact. Then the man waves at Gerry, 
           tentative...and Gerry waves back. Decency still to be found.

                                 KARIN (O.C.)
                        There’s a hunting rifle back there.

           She wipes off the passenger seat, sits, shivering. Bloodshot.

                                 KARIN (CONT’D)
                        Connie’s okay. Rach isn’t.

           Gerry looks in the rear-view mirror: Rachel still balled up, 
           eyes wide. Gerry heartsick...wishing he could scoop her up.

                                 KARIN (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        And we left everything in the Volvo-
                                 GERRY
                             (very quiet)
                        -her inhaler.

                                 KARIN
                             (similarly so)
                        Small miracle the World ending 
                        didn’t give her an attack.

                                 GERRY
                        We need to stop and find a-

                                 KARIN
                        -is the World ending? Is that what 
                        Thierry said to you?

           Gerry says nothing. His pained face is answer enough.

                                 KARIN (CONT’D)
                        He ever say anything like that when 
                        you were in Rwanda? Sarajevo?

                                 GERRY
                             (beat, great question)
                        No.

           Karin looks away. Military jets rumble in the distance.

           EXT. NEW JERSEY WAL MART - DUSK

           The kind of neighborhood you might have labelled a ghetto in 
           easier days, as you sped by on the Acela train, 30 minutes 
           from Penn Station. People smashing in and out of the doors 
           and already broken windows. Most with armfuls of stuff that 
           will do them no good: cat litter, frozen food, flat screen 
           TVs, XBOXs, stereos, any and all things electronic.

           INT. RV - NEXT MOMENT

           Parked in the lot, looking out at this Chaos. Karin hands 
           Gerry the rifle. He handles it/loads it like he’s actually 
           hunted deer in his life...

                                 GERRY
                        I’m not leaving you guys...you’re 
                        not going in alone...and we’re 
                        obviously not leaving the babies...
           INT. WAL MART - DUSK

           Lights out. Just the remaining day illuminates. Creepy. Karin 
           pushes one cart with Constance sitting in the spot for 
           kids/fruit. Gerry pushes another with Rachel inside, in her 
           fetal ball. Gerry has the hunting rifle from the RV slung 
           over his shoulder. Stays down close to Rachel, whispering...

                                 KARIN
                        Get her medicine. I’ll get us 
                        something to eat - been 13 hours. 
                        Meet right back here in 3 minutes.

                                 GERRY
                             (handing her the rifle)
                        Have this.

                                 KARIN
                        God no.

                                                                CUT TO:

           Karin running. Cart already filled with water, tuna, a loaf 
           of bread. Store darker by the second. Snatches 2 backpacks 
           off a sale rack. Then a nearby aisle heading catches her eye: 
           flashlights, batteries, etc. Turns down: most of it gone. 
           Grimaces, scans, further down this same aisle: automotive 
           supplies - she hustles - grabs the last pack of road flares.

           2 men run past, 1 in Dwight Shroot-style SHORT SLEEVES, the 
           other in an APRON from the store - employee. They’re pushing 
           a packed cart too, crap overflowing. Karin smiles small as 
           they pass. They don’t return it...focus on the backpacks she 
           just grabbed...and everything else in her cart they might 
           want. Apron looks directly at her now...

                                                                CUT TO:

           Pharmacy. 7 people ransacking. Pharmacist face down, pool of 
           blood. Gerry unslings the hunting rifle now: ready in case. 
           Pulls Rachel out of the cart. She clings to him like a 
           monkey. Gerry stares at shelves of impenetrably named drugs.

                                 UNKNOWN VOICE (O.C.)
                        What you need?

           Turn: a 22 year-old kid, METH, behind us, holding a hatchet. 
           Loaded moment during which this encounter goes 1 of 2 ways. 
           Gerry maintains eye contact, speaks deep and definitive but 
           without bluster, aiming his words at the Pharmacist:

                                 GERRY
                        You do that?
                                 METH
                        You something to her?

                                 GERRY
                        I’d ask the same if it was you on 
                        the ground.

                                 METH
                        Her stupid ass was acting like the 
                        world wasn’t ending.

           Another pause...then Gerry nods down at Rachel:

                                 GERRY
                        Albuterol.

           Meth hesitates, turns, moves expertly through the shelves.

                                 METH
                        They outgrow the asthma...

           Scans, hones in, grabs a handful of inhalers, steps and dumps 
           them into Gerry’s cart for him.

                                 METH (CONT’D)
                        This shit too. Magic for my boy.

           Sweeps an armful of Children’s Motrin into the cart. Before 
           Gerry can verbalize thanks, he hears a cry. Parental 6th 
           sense picks it up through looting din. Spins: Connie in 
           Karin’s cart, rolling past the end of an aisle, screaming 
           back at something. No Karin. Cart smacks a display case. 
           Gerry lays Rachel back in his cart, sprints...

                                 GERRY
                        BABY?! KARIN?!

           ...grabs the cart with Connie. Running with one cart in 
           front, the other behind, peering down aisles. Panicked. 
           Almost no light left inside the store.

           INT. AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLIES - NEXT MOMENT

           Karin on the ground, attacked by the two men. Short Sleeves 
           keeps his hand over her mouth. People step around them. An 
           OLD MAN trips over them, see’s what they’re doing, sneers:

                                 OLD MAN
                        SONS-A-BITCHES!

           But doesn’t stop. Hustles past Gerry who just rounded the 
           corner. His face a death mask now, rifle to shoulder. 
           Both attackers see Gerry at once - Apron shoves Short Sleeves 
           toward Gerry just as Gerry fires - Gerry flinches with the 
           noise, the recoil, the sheer surreal surprise of where he is 
           and what he’s doing. Short Sleeve’s shoulder vanishes. Drops 
           instantly. Howling. People everywhere scream/drop/run.

           Apron fires a .38 at Gerry as he scrambles backward on his 
           knees...8 feet away. Two shots rip holes in the air inches 
           from Gerry’s ear, before Gerry remembers to work the bolt, 
           chamber another round, fire again.

           Gerry’s 2nd shot detonates a freezer at the end of the aisle. 
           People drop to bellies now. Apron fires 2 more shots. So 
           close to Gerry and his girls we cringe. Gerry gets the hang 
           of the bolt action, fires a third time, misses again: two 
           terrified rookies. But the big, errant rifle round detonates 
           bottles of anti-freeze just to the side of Apron’s head, 
           spraying his face/eyes with caustic chemical.

           Gerry works the bolt a fourth time, blinks, then fires again 
           despite the fact Apron is pawing at his eyes and screaming:

                                 APRON
                        STOP-I QUIT-I’M SORRY-

           -bullet hits Apron low in his chest, exits, hits the same 
           freezer. The force drags Apron back 2 feet. Gerry stares 
           another second...eyes wide, furious, exultant.

                                 KARIN (O.C.)
                        Help.

           His wife standing beside him suddenly, soundless tears 
           streaming down her cheeks, the rim of one eye already purple-
           black from where these Motherfuckers punched her. 

           Can’t button her fly because her hands tremble too much. 
           Gerry kneels, doing his wife’s fly. Girls in shock. Karin 
           grabs him before he can finish: a Police Officer running 
           their way. Gerry raises the gun over his head like he saw in 
           a movie once. Cop just continues past, jars of baby food 
           falling out of his pockets, shattering as he goes. Gerry 
           kneels back down to do the last button. Karin spits blood.

           EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Electricity out. No light save the moon. Gerry and Karin just 
           stand motionless with their kids still inside the carts. 
           Staring right back at us. POV switches to theirs now: RV 
           gone. Stolen. Gerry begins sagging under the weight of what 
           feels like fate sentencing his family to drawn-out deaths. 
           Karin though begins rifling the groceries and supplies, grabs 
           the critical stuff: road flares, medication, first aid, Power 
           Bars, Gatorade, etc. Quickly divides the load into the two 
           backpacks she swiped. Shoulders a pack, scoops up Connie...

                                 KARIN
                        Put the pack on, pick up Rachel.

                                 GERRY
                        Walk where? Hide where?

                                 KARIN
                        We’re in Newark-

                                 GERRY
                        -which is only a little more 
                        terrifying now than it was last 
                        week-

                                 KARIN
                        -please Baby...

           Gerry looks up at his Wife, his family...snaps out of it. 
           Karin smiles at him, then scans for cars. Gerry looks up and 
           around now: what look like public housing projects loom on 
           the other side of Wal-Mart. Eyes fix on the tallest of the 
           buildings. He looks back at Karin: she is seeing the 
           buildings too, getting the same idea. She just pulls his 
           phone from her bag, hands it to him. He dials: 917-917-5551.

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Gerry?

                                 GERRY
                        Battery’s dying. Can’t get into the 
                        City. We’re in Newark. Those 
                        Projects near-
                             (scans for a street sign)
                        -23rd. Highest buildings for 
                        blocks. We have flares and we can 
                        get to the roof. Can you?

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Not tonight.

                                 GERRY
                        Sunrise then?

                                 THIERRY (ON PHONE)
                        I’ll move mount-

           -line goes silent. Looks down at his phone: battery gone.
           EXT. NEWARK - EVENING

           Walking to the projects. Double-time through an area of old 
           mid-rise buildings and once handsome factories. Screams 
           distant and not-so. Connie singing to herself, wide-eyed 
           walking beside Gerry, who’s carrying Rachel.

           Sudden sound of heavy things hitting the ground nearby, and 
           hitting hard: what a 100-pound bag of something might sound 
           like if you threw it off a building. Quiet again. Then 3 more 
           impacts. Karin spritzed with something this time.

           We turn: Zombies on top of the surrounding buildings 
           launching themselves off the tops to get at Gerry and his 
           brood. So driven and heedless it shatters them. Track two as 
           they fall 20 stories. Hear them snapping at the air, louder 
           as they get closer to the ground. WHAM. Hit. Bounce. One 
           comes apart. The other settles - then slowly begins using 
           nothing but the balls of it’s feet to propel itself...Gerry 
           and Karin stare down at the Thing in a state of horrified 
           hopelessness...then Gerry grabs his wife and they run now. 

           EXT. COURTYARD BETWEEN FOUR BUILDINGS - NIGHT

           More running footfalls suddenly. Gerry locates the noise: a 
           50 year-old Zombie sprinting at them. Gerry fires. Connie 
           screams. Bullet tears through the Zombie’s right side, knocks 
           him flat. But quickly up and running at us again.

           Gerry’s second shot hits him square in the face. Exit wound 
           takes off the back of his head. He drops, rolls, begins 
           crawling in a different direction: blind now because he’s off 
           course and snapping at the air. Footfalls suddenly multiply, 
           and not just their own as they begin sprinting to the lobby.

           INT. PROJECT LOBBY - NEXT MOMENT

           Karin lights a flare. Gerry uses the rifle butt to bash the 
           stairwell door. Karin peeks back: a dozen Zombies in full low-
           slung run in the courtyard. Presses her kids to her.

                                 KARIN
                        Harder Gerry...

           Frantic moments. Gerry splintering the stock...gets through.

           INT. EMERGENCY STAIRWELL - NEXT MOMENT

           Scrambling up dank stairs. Just 3 flights up when the lobby 
           door smashes open: Zombies in pursuit. Karin carries Connie. 
           Gerry carries Rachel. Sweat pouring. Floor 13. 
           Stairs intentionally blocked: piled high with desks, chairs, 
           refrigerators, etc. The graffiti-covered door to floor 13 
           doesn’t even have a knob: ripped out long ago. Gerry flings 
           the door open, ushers his family in-

                                 GERRY
                        -wait. Do not move-

           -then turns and begins pulling at the junk, trying to wrench 
           it loose so it cascades down to the landing between floors 13 
           and 12 - protecting them instead of trapping them.

           Zombie footfalls coming up the last two flights now. Gerry 
           ripping at the junk pile, yelling at it, sweat drenched now. 
           Without warning it gives way, nearly taking Gerry with it, 
           seconds before Zombies bite. A refrigerator pins a pursuing 
           Zombie to the stairwell wall. A 9 year-old Zombie immediately 
           begins trying to weasel his way through the newly formed 
           pile. Gerry pulls his family back into the stairwell, and 
           they continue heading up: hoping that barricade means there 
           are no Zombies on the floors above. Flare running low now.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        GET ON 15: YOU NEED ANOTHER FLARE, 
                        I NEED TO RELOAD, AND THAT LITTLE 
                        ASSHOLE’S GONNA GET THROUGH...

           INT. 15TH FLOOR - MOMENTS LATER

           Pitch black save the dwindling cone of the flare’s hell-red. 
           Fully expect something to charge us in the dim. Karin, lips 
           chattering, is just behind Gerry, who’s still holding Rachel.

                                 GERRY
                        How many flares we have-

                                 KARIN (O.C.)
                        -CONNIE?

                                 GERRY
                        YOU DON’T HAVE HER?

           Karin swings around. Somewhere behind we hear rapid-fire LOUD 
           Spanish. Just as panicked seeming as Karin and Gerry:

                           KARIN
                                                          GERRY
           OH JESUS CHRIST-
                                              -CONNIE?!

           After a few steps back, the last of the flare illuminates 
           Connie. Standing by a slightly open door. Karin sprints back 
           now, Gerry following. Grabs Connie just as a Hispanic woman 
           roughly Karin’s age grabs an 11 year-old boy on the other 
           side of the cracked door. Each startle, stare...
           INT. PROJECT APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER

           Gerry and his family inside. Family who lives here is 
           speaking quiet Spanish, save the 11 year-old boy TOMAS who 
           translates. The Mother is cooking 2 lbs. of bacon on the gas 
           stove, making a feast with perishables. A handgun prominent 
           on the table, within easy reach of the Father.

                                 GERRY
                        Thank you. I’m Gerry, this is-

                                 TOMAS
                        -nobody speaks American. I’m Tomas. 
                        Mom’s cooking everything because 
                        our electricity is out.

           The Mother points to empty seats: eat. Without polite protest 
           or feign, Karin sets down the supplies they scavenged at Wal-
           Mart, pulls the packs down around the bounties inside: take 
           what you need. Then Karin begins helping to set the table.

           Gerry sits the girls down on chairs. Rachel not looking at 
           anyone. Connie rubbing her big sister’s back, trying to make 
           eye contact with her. Gerry just sits down on the floor. 
           Watches Karin take a moment to root around in the backpack: 
           pull out a portable pack of antibacterial wipes, clean her 
           daughters’ hands. And then he watches Rachel drink Gatorade.

           For the first time today he breathes. Puts his hands flat on 
           the floor as though reminding himself he’s seated, and his 
           girls are alive. Tears leak as he watches his family eat with 
           another...wordless but not tense...something about still 
           being human bonds them now like it wouldn’t have before.

           The Father of the family pops the cap on a cold beer from a 
           cooler, hands it to Karin, nods-points at Gerry. She steps to 
           Gerry with it. He handles it gently but absently. Karin, sits 
           next to him...says nothing...just stays close to her husband.

                                 GERRY
                        How many people did I murder today?

                                 KARIN
                        None were human. Not even in that 
                        store. You saved our babies.

           He finally takes a long pull from the bottle...looks up at 
           the Father of the family who’s looking back at him...and 
           Gerry nods the most heartfelt ‘thank you’ of his life...
           INT. LIVING ROOM - TIME UNKNOWN

           Waking up in that same seated position. Disoriented. Karin 
           and Connie asleep on the couch. Checks his watch: 3:49 AM. 
           Then an absence hits him: Rachel. Gerry panicked. Up. Looks 
           in the little bathroom. Nothing. Opens the coat closet...

           INT. CLOSET - NEXT MOMENT

           Rachel inside, her head on a pillow in Tomas’s lap, who is 
           himself asleep, propped against a wall. Stirs, sees Gerry...

                                 TOMAS
                        She was crying.

           Gerry stares at the Boy a long moment...

                                 GERRY
                        Sorry you woke up first.

                                 TOMAS
                             (yawns, nods at Rachel)
                        What does she sound like?

           Gerry takes a moment to process that innocent, wonderful, 
           little kid’s non sequitur...

                                 GERRY
                        This great little husky voice.
                             (beat)
                        Thank you Tommie.

                                 TOMAS
                        Nobody calls me that.

                                 GERRY
                        I’m sorry. Tomas-

                                 TOMMIE
                        -you can call me it.
                             (beat)
                        Are you leaving?

           EXT. LIVING ROOM - SUNRISE

           Gerry and Karin bleary-eyed. Packing. Rachel and Connie both 
           asleep on the couch now, long hair splayed. Connie snores. 
           Gerry looking at Tommie and his family...

                                 GERRY
                        Please come with us.
           Tommie translates. His Father speaks in rapid, hushed Spanish 
           because of the sleeping girls. Tomas translates for Gerry:

                                 TOMMIE
                        When you first saw them, where did 
                        you wish you could be at?

                                 GERRY
                        Home.

           Tommie translates that single word back. His Father got it 
           without the help, just nods: and here we are.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        But we’re not going there now. 
                        We’re going to a Safe Zone set up 
                        by people I trust...

           Tommie speaks. Dad responds. Tommie translates:

                                 TOMMIE
                        If you’re going because you think 
                        we want you to, that’s wrong. You 
                        can stay as long as you want.

           Karin tears up at that offer. Gerry gives his thanks by 
           telling hard truths:

                                 GERRY
                        You’ll run out of water, food, 
                        time. I’ve worked in places where 
                        one group of people were killing 
                        another group. Those who moved 
                        lived, those who hid didn’t.

           Tommie swallows. Gerry regrets telling the truth to this 
           little guy. Tommie stares another second, blinks scared, then 
           translates. His Dad then says something quick, declarative.

                                 TOMAS
                        Do you need anything?

           Gerry looks at this family again, silently beckoning them. 
           Just sees resolution. Then quietly:

                                 GERRY
                        Duct tape, a butcher’s knife, and a 
                        length of rope.

           INT. 15TH FLOOR HALLWAY - EARLY AM

           Pitch black in windowless halls. Only reason we can see 
           anything now is due to the barely-open apartment door. 
           Gerry leads. Butcher’s knife duct-tapped to the rifle barrel: 
           half-assed bayonet. Around his waist is kite-string judging 
           from the red plastic handle tucked into his waistband. Each 
           member of his family tied to the same string, standing in a 
           line. Karin at the back, girls in the middle.

           Karin lights the second road flare now. Hallway glows red 
           just as the Apartment door closes behind them, locks.

                                 CONNIE (O.C.)
                        I’m scared.

                                 GERRY
                        We’re getting out sweet girl.

                                 KARIN
                        Now I’m not sure...how do we know 
                        they’re even coming?

                                 GERRY
                             (eye contact with Karin)
                        We’re good, okay? One foot in front 
                        of the other now - let’s go.

           Walking. Flare throwing out just enough light to see 15-20 
           feet ahead. Just our breathing, and other much more awful 
           sounds deep within the building. 10 seconds of progress. Then 
           another door somewhere slams. Stops our hearts. Flare light 
           goes wild as Karin swings to pinpoint the noise...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Baby. Steady.

           The light steadies...everything still clear...

           INT. EMERGENCY STAIRWELL - MOMENTS LATER

           Gerry opens the door, pitch black, waits for his family. 
           Malevolent echoes reverberate up and down the stairwell. 
           Sheet metal makes it sound like high-pitched thunder. As soon 
           as Karin steps in with the flare Gerry sees 3 Zombies 
           impossibly close: a teenager, a grandmother, and an obese 
           man. Had been groping in the dark. Now they lunge.

                                 GERRY
                        CLOSE EYES-EARS-

           -Gerry shoots the teenager in the head, nearly takes it off. 
           Sound of the gun in the enclosed stairwell instantly deafens. 
           Half headless body falls, feet kicking, trying to stand. 
           Gerry screams, everything sounding like it’s underwater:
                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        GO! I’LL FOLLOW-

           -Obese man is on him. Gerry stabs, aiming for the neck, hits 
           too close to one side, and the movement of the FORM causes 
           the bayonet to slice all the way through/free.

           Karin with both babies in her arms, chugging up the stairs, 
           Gerry following behind, back-pedalling up, fighting for 
           balance, the flare jostling like mad with Karin’s running, 
           providing intermittent horrible glimpses of the attack.

           Gerry swings the bayonet to cut the kite string lest he hold 
           up his family. Brings the knife back to bear - just in time 
           to hit the obese Zombie again. This time though he falls unto 
           his back, the Zombie speared in it’s gut looming just over 
           Gerry, shattered rifle butt planted on the stair beneath.

           Gerry frantically using his legs to both kick the grandmother 
           back, and keep fat Zombie at bay, snapping inches from his 
           face. Gerry lands a solid kick into Grandma’s midriff with 
           his left leg, knocking her down two flights.

           Early AM light filters in as Karin gets to the top, opens the 
           door to the roof. More footfalls in the stairwell. Gerry 
           reaches into his pocket, grabs keys, digs them into the 
           Zombie’s eyes. Thick blood leaks everywhere. Zombie keeps 
           snapping, sinking deeper, half the rifle sticks out of his 
           back, 1 inch from Gerry, bits of teeth covering Gerry’s face.

           Somewhere in the black, immediately behind obese Zombie’s 
           head, comes rapid-fire deafening muzzle flashes. Close-in 
           bullets take apart obese Zombie’s head, exit, spark off the 
           stairs millimeters from Gerry’s own head.

           EXT. ROOFTOP - SUNRISE

           Magnificent deep blue despite countless columns of smoke. 
           Karin waving 2 lit flares like mad. Girls clinging. Plenty of 
           Helicopters in the distance, but none anywhere near.

           Surrounding rooftops crowded. 2 rooftops overrun by Zombies. 
           Gunfire. 3 people jump instead of letting themselves be 
           bitten. Again we see Zombies jump after them. Several 
           rooftops actually doing okay. We focus on another in 
           particular now: barriers of junk against the doors, men with 
           axes and shovels and guns hacking and shooting anything that 
           comes through, all while the others hammer nails into boards, 
           sealing the door in some semi-permanent way. 

           Gerry emerges, covered in Zombie blood - carrying Tommie who 
           is holding the pistol we saw on his family’s table. Bawling. 
           Drops him with Karin, then begins stripping off black-blood 
           soaked clothes as he steps to the edge of the building, and 
           up onto the ledge. Shirtless. Stained. Suicidal.

                                 KARIN
                        GERRY! WHAT! BABY NO-

                                 GERRY
                        -BLOOD IN MY MOUTH-SWALLOWED...1001-

                                 KARIN
                        -You’re okay-you’re okay-please-

                                 GERRY
                        -1002-

           -Gerry’s on the edge of a 21 story abyss. Our stomachs reel-

                       KARIN (O.C.)
                                                      CONNIE (O.C.)
           -I CAN’T DO IT WITHOUT YOU-
                                              -DADDY-

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        -1003-

           -Gerry focuses on a Man one roof over, standing alone. The 
           building he’s on is a bit lower and U-shaped, rising up 18 
           stories on three sides of a small courtyard.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        -1004, 1005-

           -opposite side of the U is swarmed with 30 Zombies who, 
           instead of running around the U-shaped roof to get to this 
           man, are all trying to jump the relatively narrow but still 
           impossible distance between. Gerry’s eyes squint intently at 
           this, the Man firing a handgun at the Zombies...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        -1006, 1007, 1008...1008...

                                 KARIN (O.C.)
                        GERRY!

           Looking down at his hands...repeats:

                                 GERRY

           Flexes fingers...waits another beat...swipes black blood off 
           his face. Steps down now and runs back toward the door. Stops 
           a foot away from it, levels his broken rifle, waits. Sounds 
           gathering in the stairwell behind the closed door...then a 
           frantic clawing like you’d hear from a dog you’ve trained to 
           keep pawing at the knob until it turns...
           The sudden sound of a nearby Helicopter draws Gerry’s 
           attention: two buildings over, someone else is waving a flare 
           - and a Coast Guard Helicopter is lowering into position to 
           pick them up. A large swarm of people on that rooftop rushing 
           to potential salvation. Gerry’s eyes narrow at the sight, the 
           flare, then he roars back at Karin in this primal bark:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        LIGHT ANOTHER FLARE!

           Karin does just as the Door in front of Gerry blasts open. 
           Within the same second, Gerry begins thrusting the homemade 
           bayonet. Every ounce of his strength repeated in each stab. 
           Feral growls. Veins pop blue with exertion. Zombies piling up 
           behind the one Gerry is pulverizing in the doorway - and the 
           second Zombie in line is Tommie’s Dad, his face just over the  
           first Zombie’s shoulder...staring at Gerry...

           Karin, keeping all three kids close with one arm and waving 
           the newly-lit flare madly with the other, sees the Coast 
           Guard Helicopter lifting back up from the other rooftop, one 
           of the Crew Members pushing a woman out. She falls 15 feet 
           onto the rooftop, flat on her back. Karin turns back to her 
           husband: sees him fighting like mad, but his right foot 
           stumbles backward, trying to find purchase for renewed 
           leverage. This all prompts a preemptive good-bye:

                                 KARIN
                        I love you kids-

           -prop-wash from the unseen but very near Helicopter suddenly 
           blows her hair: it’s here for them...

           Gerry on the brink of hyperventilation when the prop-wash 
           hits him like Divinity. Steals a look back: his kids climbing 
           onto the Coast Guard Chopper hovering just off the rooftop. 
           Karin screaming for him, her noise absorbed by the engine. 
           Gerry turns back to the fight - Tommie’s Dad’s whole right 
           half out onto the roof, snapping. Gerry gives one last 
           Herculean push, then just lets go of the rifle. The Zombie he 
           has been brutalizing sprawls forward with sudden momentum, as 
           does Tommie’s Dad. Gerry stumbles too, down to a knee and 
           elbow but he pops up faster than he ever thought possible...

           Sprinting. The Coast Guard PARAJUMPER fires a sidearm at the 
           Zombies on Gerry’s heels. Bullets tear past Gerry’s face. 
           Chopper lifting off in earnest. Gerry jumps. Karin grabs him, 
           gouging his shirtless skin with her nails to hold onto him. 
           Zombies continue up on to the ledge without stopping: jump, 
           reach, snap, miss, plummet 21 stories. Gerry gets up and into 
           the passenger hold, immediately grabs shell-shocked Tommie, 
           and hugs the little guy’s face into his chest so he won’t 
           have to see his Father jump and fall...
           INT. HELICOPTER - MORNING

           Refugees on the other buildings wave/scream as the Helicopter 
           turns away. Karin notices the 2 empty seats 
           onboard...thousands on rooftops, waving from windows...

                                 KARIN
                        WE CAN GET TWO MORE!

           Parajumper points to a picture taped above the open door as 
           he slides it closed: it is one of the pictures we watched 
           Thierry grab from his office at the UN in New York: Gerry, 
           Karin, and Thierry all together in better days. He gave it to 
           the Crew so they could identify exactly who to save.

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        NO MA’AM! WE’RE FOR YOU-

                                 KARIN
                        -SAVE TWO MORE GOD DAMN YOU! ISN’T 
                        THAT YOUR REASON FOR BEING?!

           Gerry leans into his wife, and with nothing but love, turns 
           her away from the window so she’s looking right at him: 

                                 GERRY
                        Which two Baby? Who picks?

           Karin pauses, scans his face, leans back into him, sobs about 
           more than just this. As Gerry rubs her head, zero sum bullets 
           fired by the forsaken hit the craft. Parajumper buckles the 
           kids in, puts a wool blanket over them. Helicopter turns 
           East, out to Sea, leaving the city behind.

           Passing over the Statue of Liberty: Park Rangers and NYPD 
           aiming small arms up at the helicopter, not firing, just 
           warning. A homemade sign reads:

                                       UNWELCOME

           EXT. COAST GUARD HELICOPTER - DAY

           In sight of the Aircraft Carrier USS Harry Truman. Out of 
           sight of land. Around the Carrier is this ad hoc FLOTILLA: 1 
           tanker, 1 cruise ship, 5 yachts, 1 cargo vessel, 3 commercial 
           fishing ships, and another 2 Navy vessels. All-but-tying 
           themselves to the Carrier, desperate for any Authority...

           EXT. USS HARRY TRUMAN - MOMENTS LATER

           Helicopter lands. Tattered UN Flag flying under US Flag. 
           Thierry waiting. Flight deck a panicked beehive.
           SEALs hustle out of another Helicopter landing. Three carry 
           paintings: Turner’s Snow Storm, Pollock’s Lavender Mist #1, 
           Da Vinci’s Ginevra de’Benci. Three carry clear, bulletproof 
           boxes containing the US Constitution. The last two men carry 
           boxes of sat-phones, lap tops, routers, etc.

           Thierry embraces Karin. Gerry carrying Rachel. Tommie’s teeth 
           chattering with cold, fear, holds Connie’s hand. The 
           Parajumper has a hard time taking eyes off Karin. She sees 
           him, nods thanks. He nods back...and they lift back off. 
           Thierry and Gerry hug like brothers. No words. Then quietly:

                                 GERRY
                        What happened to Randall’s Island?

                                 THIERRY
                        They swim.

                                 GERRY
                             (motioning to the Carrier)
                        How’d you get here?

                                 THIERRY
                        Luck...a friendly ship happened to 
                        be on her way home from the Gulf.

                                 GERRY
                        Is this terrorism?

                                 THIERRY
                        We don’t know.

                                 GERRY
                        Who’s we?

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN HALLWAY - TIME UNKNOWN

           Narrow. Packed with People. An ant colony. Fluorescent lights 
           make it all sallow. Thierry and Gerry navigate the madness. 
           Gerry has at least towelled off. Wears a new shirt.

                                 GERRY
                        Is the President dead?

                                 THIERRY
                        No word. But SEAL teams back from 
                        the Smithsonian report gun battles, 
                        between humans, in the Rayburn 
                        Building and Capitol - your Parties 
                        are killing each other.

           Gerry disgusted with the predictability. Shakes it off, then:
                                 GERRY
                        Is this ship on either side of that 
                        fight?

                                 THIERRY
                        No. Admiral Donnelly is reluctantly 
                        becoming her own nation.

                                 GERRY
                        So she grabbed the Constitution.

           Turn a corner: at the end of a line queued in front of an 
           open door, a Marine with an M4 and a clipboard acting as 
           Bouncer. Deafening din emanates from this guarded doorway: 
           sounds like the floor of a stock exchange. Just in front of 
           them in line: shell-shocked Diplomats still sporting UN lapel 
           pins. They all nod to Thierry deferentially.

                                 THIERRY (O.C.)
                        And offered the remnants of the UN 
                        General Assembly a safe place.

           Gerry takes them in: a woman in bloody khakis and a pajama 
           top meets his eyes, self-consciously finger-combs her hair. A 
           prodigiously beaked CZECH who has lost his glasses holds a 
           document millimeters from his face. A Middle Eastern man in a 
           $2000 suit bites his nails bloody. Gerry quietly to Thierry:

                                 GERRY
                        We’re fucking doomed.

           Thierry laughs. Loud and unexpected. People turn, stare.

                                 THIERRY
                        Comments like that got you demoted.

                                 GERRY
                        Which time?

           INT. SQUADRON BRIEFING ROOM - NEXT MOMENT

           Space resembles a small theater: rows of high-backed leather 
           chairs bolted to the floor, all facing a lectern, set in 
           front of a wall-sized video screen. SRO. Pilots in flight 
           suits stretched on the floor, sleeping. Everybody unkempt, 
           bloodshot, faces shining with the greasy film of exhaustion.

           A 50 year-old, wiry LT COMMANDER stands at the lectern, 
           flanked by Aides peppering him with quiet information. People 
           come and go constantly, passing through our POV. Room 
           crackles with tension. Lt Commander looks down at his watch.
           Gerry’s eyes lock on the giant video screen: a large map of 
           the World entitled THE NEW KNOWN. Some countries are shaded 
           gray, with large question marks stamped on them, signifying 
           places with which we’ve lost contact, or never had it in the 
           first place: China, North Korea, Finland, Iran, Morocco, etc.

           On either side of the screen are lists of numbers. On the far 
           left we see the following numbers under the heading, WORLD:

                     Loss Rate, Approximate: 1,000,000/hour
                     Functional Extinction Estimate: 233 Days
                     Ammunition: 45 days
                     Food: 39 days
                     Potable Water: 8 days

           On the far right, numbers under the heading FLOTILLA: 

                     Population:  9,443
                     Ammunition: 87 days
                     Food: 65 days
                     Desalination Capacity: 270 days

           And now a sort of Power Point presentation begins. Obviously 
           running on a loop because no one else in the room pays 
           attention as they must have seen it dozens of times already. 
           Gerry though is utterly rapt as everything buzzes around him.

           50+ red points begin dotting the map like acne - appearing on 
           every continent save Antarctica. Then those red points begin 
           growing - malignant - a timer ticking off days runs in fast 
           forward just under the NEW KNOWN heading - this is a sort 
           of projection of what is to come. NOTE: The red never bleeds 
           into the shaded, question-marked countries. Stops at borders.

           The malignant circles touch, meld, and within 10 seconds the 
           New Known World is almost totally red. Just scattered chunks 
           of healthy white: Cuba, Ireland, Iceland, Greenland, Israel, 
           Antarctica...and Gerry can’t so much as blink. His hand to 
           his mouth. CLOSE UP: New York City completely red. And then 
           he looks at the words: “Functional Extinction.” Can’t take 
           his eyes off the pixilated letters...

           A WARRANT OFFICER steps through frame, to the Lt Commander:

                                 WARRANT OFFICER
                        Sir, picked up two cellphone videos 
                        of Tehran. Overrun. CVIC says we 
                        should deem it a total loss.

           That quiets the room. Heads go down as the screen reflects 
           the change: Iran from unknown gray to infected red. 
                                 WARRANT OFFICER (CONT’D)
                        And Carnival Cruise Vessel “Dream” 
                        has been given permission to join 
                        us. 27 knots South and closing.

           Warrant Officer hands a young teenage kid in civvies, nose 
           buried in a computer, a slip of paper. Kid takes the slip, 
           begins inputting. In lock step, the FLOTILLA numbers on 
           screen change. More people than Gerry stare up intently now:

                     Population:  12,001
                     Ammunition: 78 days
                     Food: 61 days
                     Desalination Capacity: 244 days

           Lt Commander shakes his head as the Map resets. Presentation 
           starts over. The 50+ red points dot the World anew. And now 
           Gerry focuses intently on a few of these dots just as they 
           begin growing again: Heathrow - DeGaulle - Narita - Dulles - 
           Leonardo Davinci - People stop in-frame, in front of the Map:

                                 GERRY
                             (absently but forcefully)
                        Move-move-move...

           And we see more airports turning red: Hartsfield - 
           Suvarnabhumi - Kingsford Smith - OR Tambo...tighter on 
           Gerry’s face now, mental gears whirring. Adding to it 
           all...to Thierry, like he’s checking his work:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        It moved on airliners...why its so 
                        bad so quick...why the first world 
                        cities and countries - the places 
                        people travel to - get hit first. 
                        Get hit hardest.

           MAP CLOSE UP: Italy bleeding red, North Korea unknown gray...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        What does that leave? Countries you 
                        couldn’t travel to...countries you 
                        never wanted to go to in the first 
                        place...and what in the Hell is IT? 
                        If not Hell itself?

           Thierry waves over ANDREW FASSBACH: a young man built like a 
           Marathoner, black wayfarer eyeglasses, the arrogant but 
           capable air of a surgeon at a brand name hospital. Gerry’s 
           eyes still wide, gears still turning, shakes hands.
                                 THIERRY
                        Gerry, Andrew Fassbach, Virologist 
                        from Harvard who happened to be in 
                        New York delivering a report to us-

                                 GERRY
                        -you think it’s viral?

                                 FASSBACH
                        Some unholy combo. Only explanation 
                        for the spread speed. Ala Spanish 
                        flu. Didn’t exist in 1918. By 1920 
                        it killed 3% of the population-

                                 GERRY
                        -3% of the population died in the 
                        first few hours of this-

                                 FASSBACH
                        -bingo. So pondered from a 
                        Scientific perspective, this is all 
                        sort of beyond fascinating. Pretty 
                        amazing opportunity for Science to 
                        again save the World from itself.

           Gerry pauses...speaks the following quietly:

                                 GERRY
                        I ponder it from the perspective of 
                        my 10 year-old who hasn’t spoken 
                        since she saw me murder two men 
                        raping her Mom. It’s neither 
                        fascinating nor an opportunity.

                                 LT COMMANDER (O.C.)
                        Alright people, new items.

           Thierry puts his hand on Gerry’s shoulder: I didn’t know 
           this. Fassbach nods a sort of clinical surrender, like he 
           took a seminar in bedside manner.

                                 LT COMMANDER (CONT’D)
                        Vatican has relocated to Trinity 
                        College, Dublin. HAM Radio contact 
                        with Italian Resistance in the 
                        Dolomites. Cuba extended their 
                        “territorial waters” to the Florida 
                        coast North, Jamaican coast South. 
                        Haven’t engaged our surveillance 
                        flights, but they’re still sinking 
                        every refugee ship they come 
                        across. And this morning we had our 
                        first baby born aboard Flotilla-
           -Lt. Commander suddenly tears up...room goes silent...

                                 LT COMMANDER (CONT’D)
                        Ruby Rose Sauber. She was a bit on 
                        the early side: 5 pounds, 1 ounce.

           Pop. figure ticks up to 12,002. Lt Commander gathers himself.

                                 LT COMMANDER (CONT’D)
                        Angel 1, updates?

                                 THIERRY
                             (quietly to Gerry)
                        Angel 1 is a team scavenging the 
                        East Coast for jet fuel.

                                 OFFICER #1
                        Lost contact. Larsen, Koles and 
                        half the SEAL detachment left 25 
                        minutes ago to track them.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                             (circles something)
                        Everybody say a prayer. Angel 2?

                                 OFFICER #2
                        Found stores of distilled water and 
                        crates of Mark-82 bombs in Norfolk-

           -applause-

                                 OFFICER #2 (CONT’D)
                        -recommend we send a strike package 
                        to clear as many Zs as possible-

                                 GERRY
                             (to Thierry)
                        -Zs?

                                 THIERRY
                        Sounds less ridiculous than Zombie-

                                 OFFICER #2
                        -use Cutters and Trawlers to 
                        approach from Seaward.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                             (makes a check mark)
                        Make it so. Good work. 

           Officer #2 and three other Men get up, leave.

                                 LT COMMANDER (CONT’D)
                        Angel 3?
                                 OFFICER #3
                        NIH is overrun. CDC is burning. Air 
                        Force did Atlanta like Dresden.

           Heads go down. Room deflates. Thierry especially saddened.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                             (draws a line through 
                              something, then:)
                        Mr. Fassbach, you’re headed to 
                        South Korea now. Godspeed.

           Fassbach begins packing up his military-issue rucksack. Gerry 
           looks at him, then at Thierry: explain what is going on... 

                                 THIERRY
                        We were hoping to maybe begin 
                        diagnosing the Zs...find a cause.

                                 GERRY
                             (excited)
                        So we can find a cure?

                                 THIERRY
                        More likely a vaccine.

                                 GERRY
                        And there’s still a possibility of 
                        doing that in South Korea?

                                 THIERRY
                        Remote. An e-mail from Camp 
                        Humphreys, south of Seoul, sent 4 
                        days ago contained the word 
                        ‘Zombie.’ That’s the earliest 
                        mention we know of anywhere. We’ve 
                        had no contact with that base...

           Fassbach slings his pack. Eyes meet Gerry’s. Looks away. 
           Gerry thinking...coming to some sort of personal conclusion:

                                 GERRY
                        Who’s going with him?

                                 LT COMMANDER (O.C.)
                        That’s it for new business.

           Half the room gets up to go. An immediate scramble for seats.

                                 THIERRY
                        As far as I know he’s the only 
                        Virologist onboard...
           A beat. Gerry squints with something like pain...looks again 
           at the video screen: EXTINCTION...

                                 GERRY
                        Will you protect my family?

                                 THIERRY
                        Of course - why are you asking?

           Gerry steps to the Lt Commander. Thierry frowns, follows.

                                 GERRY
                        Excuse me Sir. Permission to 
                        accompany Mr. Fassbach, please.

           Fassbach stops, steps closer. Lt Commander To Gerry:

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        You a Doc?

                                 GERRY
                        No.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        Suicidal?

                                 GERRY
                        Depends on the day. I have lived in 
                        places that were broken into a 
                        million pieces - like our World 
                        now. I know how they work, the type 
                        of Men who rule. Thus I know Mr. 
                        Fassbach is the kind of guy who 
                        gets his head removed from his 
                        shoulders in those places with 
                        surprising alacrity.
                             (motioning back to him)
                        Have you heard him talk yet?

           Lt Commander chuckles. Fassbach’s face turns slight red.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        Why I was gonna assign Marines-

                                 GERRY
                        -to a hammer everything looks like 
                        a nail. Plus, sending Jarheads to 
                        an Army base in a broken world is 
                        the stuff Civil Wars are made of.

           Thierry looks at Gerry, then quietly addresses the Commander:
                                 THIERRY
                        Gerry was in the Ebola outbreak in 
                        the Congo in 1993, the genocide in 
                        Rwanda in ‘94...where he saved my 
                        life...and in Bosnia all of 1995.

           Lt Commander ponders Gerry a bit more deeply now...

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        Since ‘95?

                                 THIERRY
                        A highly valued Adjunct-

                                 GERRY
                        -a writer of unread reports.

           Lt. Commander smiles again...then turns serious:

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        You got a family?

                                 GERRY
                        And they’re part of the Humanity 
                        that goes extinct in 233 days.

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        And if you don’t do this, their 
                        fate is in someone else’s hands.

                                 GERRY
                        Yes Sir.

           Another moment...then hollering to a seated Pilot in back:

                                 LT COMMANDER
                        Your Greyhound got an open seat?

           EXT. FLIGHT DECK - EVENING

           Ear-piercing noise. Gerry dressed in a flight suit. Quickly 
           rubs his tired, vaguely stunned eyes. Stands with his teary 
           brood. Looking at a C-2: a thick, propeller-driven plane 
           antithetical to a Fighter. Gerry managing his breathing.

           The C-2 PILOT hands a wide-eyed Fassbach an M4 assault rifle, 
           explains what’s next while pointing out parts of the gun.
                                 C-2 PILOT
                        This is an M4 - our first stop will 
                        be Charleston AFB to grab the C-17 
                        that’ll take us to Korea - this is 
                        the safety - you fend off Zs while 
                        we hotwire the plane - press this 
                        button when you run out of ammo...

           Back to Gerry who is kneeling to stare up at Rachel’s 
           downcast face. Whispers something we’ll never know in her 
           ear. Pulls Connie over now. Kisses her. Fighting back tears.

                                 GERRY
                        I’ll be home soon baby doll.

                                 CONNIE
                        I’m not a baby.

                                 GERRY
                        Tall, beautiful, tiny adult.

           Tommie now. Stoic. Gerry doesn’t know where to start. 
           Searches his worried face. Tommie beats him to the punch:

                                 TOMMIE
                        I can take care of everybody.

           Gerry hugs him tighter than maybe Tommie has ever been 
           hugged. He’s embarrassed. But eventually puts his arms around 
           Gerry just as tight, would queue up for another 10 of these.

                                 GERRY
                        Love you.

                                 TOMMIE
                        Okay.

           Gerry stands, looks at his wife. Karin’s eyes red. Staring. 
           Holding one of the brand new Sat Phones we saw being unloaded 
           earlier. Silence. Then:

                                 KARIN
                        How long will this work?

                                 GERRY
                        I don’t know if it works right now.

           A reluctant chuckle - but she flattens again within a second.

                                 KARIN
                        Neither of us chose this World...so 
                        I see why you’re doing this. But I 
                        can’t be a stereotype about it.
                                 GERRY
                        You never were-

                                 KARIN
                        -let me finish. I can’t run after 
                        your plane as it takes off...can’t 
                        promise to pine while you’re gone 
                        because there’s a chance you never 
                        come back. I am on now...I have to 
                        harden now...because I have to do 
                        anything to keep our kids safe.

           Karin kisses him on his cheek. Hard and long. Barely holding 
           it together. Turns, gathers her kids, walks back inside...

           Heartbreak, and maybe regret, play out on Gerry’s face. Door 
           closes behind his family. He looks up now, like he’s steeling 
           himself to go one way or the other - sees cloud-high columns 
           of black smoke on the distant horizon, in the direction of 
           the American Coast. The columns have melded together in a 
           long line, blown horizontal by the jet stream.

           Stares for another second...then steps toward the plane.

           INT. A C-17 “GLOBE MASTER” - NIGHT

           Turbulent. Fassbach yawning like he just awoke. Gerry green 
           at the gills - not a good flyer.

                                 FASSBACH
                        I don’t mind flying. Weird because 
                        I got a profound awareness of the 
                        fact that chance isn’t random at 
                        all...it’s patient. That the 
                        statement “shit happens” is 
                        infinitely more accurate than-

                                 GERRY
                        -it’s called Ativan.

                                 FASSBACH
                        You should have had some.

                                 GERRY
                        Then both of us could have slept 
                        through the plane change at 
                        Charleston. That would’ve been 
                        awesome - attacked by Zs while in a 
                        drug-induced sleep.
                                 FASSBACH
                        Sorry. But we made it. And I do 
                        think it’s best that I’m well 
                        rested when we hit the Hot Zone-

                                 GERRY
                             (tightening his belt)
                        -don’t say ‘Hot Zone.’ In fact, say 
                        as little as possible without being 
                        impolite. If anybody asks you if 
                        you want something to drink, the 
                        answer is always black coffee. As 
                        far as all the shit you know, let 
                        people put 2 and 2 together on 
                        their own - let them figure out a 
                        Virologist can maybe save the 
                        World. And do not, even once, ever 
                        mention the word Harvard.

           Co-pilot steps back to them. Looks haggard.

                                 CO-PILOT
                        On fumes now. We’re over the base 
                        but zero visual, zero comms. So I 
                        guess we’re gonna try and just 
                        force it...
                             (pulls a flask with a 
                              shaking hand)
                        Guys want shots of this?

           This is Gerry’s (second) worst nightmare. Stays quiet.

                                 FASSBACH
                        Take Black coffee if you have it...

           Gerry looks over at him. Fassbach smiles small, humble.

           And that second, through the little portal window near Gerry, 
           bright white runway lights pop on suddenly - we’re nearer the 
           ground than we would have ever thought. Co-pilot wide eyed, 
           then running back to the cockpit.

                                 CO-PILOT
                        Oh thank you Jesus.

           In white font now: Camp Humphreys, South Korea

           EXT. CAMP HUMPHREYS - NIGHT

           No other lights save the illuminated runway. And as soon as 
           the giant C-17 touches down, the runway lights shut off. 
           Track the giant, decelerating plane now by it’s running 
           lights and the enormous sound made by the reverse thrusters. 
           It streaks toward a Horizon lit by incessant orange flashes 
           illuminating faraway clouds: that big battle, miles away.

           EXT. CAMP HUMPHREYS - NIGHT

           C-17 at a stop, engines fully wound down. The metallurgy of 
           the plane popping/settling normally after such a long flight.

           The rear cargo door is finishing opening. Filtered red light 
           from the interior of the C-17 is the only other light besides 
           that distant War orange. In fact the only discernible noise 
           in the World right now is the faint thunder of that same 
           battle. Not even crickets chirp. We linger here for several 
           seconds, until it registers that this is the first time all 
           movie we have really experienced anything like silence...

           Pilots join Gerry and Fassbach in the back. All armed with 
           M4s and sidearms. Each look at the other, breath the cool 
           night, stretch, no one says a thing to spoil the silence 
           affecting them all. After several seconds, Gerry is the first 
           one to step off the ramp. The others follow...

           Each drink in the fresh air, the fact they’re not running. 
           Then somewhere in the middle distance, they all see the same 
           tiny-bright flash. Startling. Less than a second after that 
           flash, comes a sort of quick, muzzled hiss sound. Eyes wide 
           now as it dawns that someone may be shooting at them - then 
           the thump sound of a bullet impacting flesh and bone. 
           Fassbach spritzed with blood. Shock. The other 3 look at him: 
           where are you hit? He looks back with abject terror: I’m hit?

           And then a barefoot Z with a freshly detonated neck slides 
           into the cone of red light - it was obviously running right 
           at them, silently, and someone somewhere out in the black 
           night shot it down. Crippled but still snapping at them.

           Relative silence again save the snapping sound. Gerry, 
           Fassbach, and the Pilots frozen...no one blinks...

                                 UNKNOWN VOICE
                             (a loud whisper)
                        Don’t move or shoot!

           All jump in fright at the voice, how nearby it sounds. More 
           silence. Then in that same middle distance, a dozen more of 
           those tiny-bright muzzled hisses, fired from multiple points.

           The sound of Zs falling all around them now - but none in 
           that cone of red light, so no visual on where or how many 
           threats there are in all that pitch black: just the idea that 
           Zs are close and closing. Fassbach jittery...ready to bolt...
           A veritable fusillade of those tiny-bright hisses now. Errant 
           bullets impacting the fuselage of the plane. And now Zs begin 
           falling in the red light: all hit in legs or necks - and all 
           still crawling even after they’re shattered/paralyzed, mouths 
           snapping like mad, both Korean and American, and again all 
           ages. Fassbach, forgetting his tutorial on the carrier, is 
           futilely trying to chamber a round in his M4...

           Two of the crawlers get too close, snapping inches from toes 
           when more nearly-silent bullets detonate their heads. One of 
           those bullets though ricochets out the other side of one of 
           the crawling Zs, hits Co-Pilot square in his heart. Co-Pilot 
           drops instant-lifeless. No ceremony. Like somebody flipped a 
           switch. That Z keeps on snapping, despite surreal wounds. 
           Gerry kicks it with steel-toed, navy-issued boots.

           And it’s all too much for Fassbach - he bolts. Three steps 
           into his flight, just as he gets to the edge of the red cone 
           and we expect a Z to hit him, he trips - we see only his feet 
           now - and the blinding/deafening flash of his rifle 
           discharging accidentally. Gerry and the Pilot just 
           stare...and Fassbach’s still visible feet never move again.

           Then the sound of heavy footfalls coming right at them now 
           out of the black. Cringe. Closer. Sound on top of them. Then 
           4 scrubby-looking Soldiers appear out of the black right in 
           front of our faces - our hearts stop and restart within that 
           same second. The Soldiers take a quick look in the plane, 
           faces drop when they see it’s empty...in whispered hisses...

                        SOLDIER #1
                                                       SOLDIER #2
           Empty?
                                              Shitting me?

           The other two soldiers grab Gerry and the Pilot by the 
           collars, begin sprinting back the way they came. The tiny-
           bright hisses never letting up. Pitch Black. Vague, 
           horrifying shapes in the periphery. Sprinting. Hurdling 
           snapping Zs falling in front of us...

                                 GERRY
                             (regular speaking voice)
                        You’re shooting them in the legs?

                                 UNKNOWN VOICE/SPEKE
                             (threatening whisper)
                        Shut up.

           Getting closer to those tiny-bright flashes and muzzled 
           hisses. The sound of bullets passing inches from our ears. 
           Brutal, steady marksmanship.

           And then suddenly we stop running. No reason given. Just as 
           Gerry is about to scream to keep going, a heavy door slams 
           shut somewhere just behind them. 
           And then Coleman gas lanterns hiss to life, just as what 
           sound like dozens of Zs begin running into the just-closed 
           door at full speed...

           INT. UNKNOWN - MOMENTS LATER

           The sound of men breathing heavy as the lantern light slowly 
           begins filling the space...as seconds pass, more scrubby 
           soldiers start appearing out of the dark as the light 
           travels, sticks. Suddenly we realize that several Soldiers 
           are above us on a walkway...and it’s only at this moment we 
           realize we’re in a Prison...

           INT. MILITARY DETENTION FACILITY - NEXT MOMENT

           Most of the cells stand open. A few though actually still 
           occupied. Two dozen soldiers total surround us. All with 
           night vision goggles and silenced rifles. And in the weird, 
           true lantern light we see the Soldiers’ half-dressed mufti. 
           All sport their official BDU tunics, but then most wear jeans 
           or cargo pants underneath. Several with days-old beards. All 
           wear football-style arm pads, kevlar vests, heavy boots, 
           winter scarves wound around their necks, and an assortment of 
           different hats: baseball-style, helmets, driver caps...

           The Soldier standing next to Gerry, the one who was dragging 
           him, has Captain bars velcroed to the center of his BDU. His 
           nametag reads: SPEKE. He’s in-command. When he or anybody 
           else talk, it is in that very low voice not much above a 
           whisper. A curious custom in an unknown part of the World.

                                 SPEKE
                        Make sure goggles are powered down - 
                        save batteries. Police your ammo.

           The whole crew begin ejecting clips, fingering out unused 
           rounds, dropping them in boxes filled with single shells, 
           different boxes for different calibers. They then quietly 
           insert full clips, quietly cock their weapons, and quietly 
           flip the safeties on. Gerry staring at it all, adding things.

           Speke points at Gerry and the Pilot, but talks to Soldier #1 
           who sports the name tag ELLIS and the multiple chevrons of a 
           Career Sergeant:

                                 SPEKE (CONT’D)
                        Wrap these Humps.
           And just as we think we’re going to be grabbed and thrown 
           into one of the cells - or worse - Ellis and the other 
           Soldier who met us plane-side step to Gerry and the Pilot, 
           begin outfitting them: wrapping scarves around their necks, 
           giving them left-over kevlar - Gerry’s vest covered in the 
           blood stains of a previous owner. Speke steps to them now:

                                 SPEKE (CONT’D)
                        Who are you and why’d you come here 
                        in a C-17 with an empty God damn 
                        cargo hold? I mean not even a 12 
                        pack? Some spam? Box of old porn?

           Pilot points at Gerry:

                                 PILOT
                        He’s the Hero. I’m just the Pilot-

                                 SOLDIER #3 (O.C.)
                        -if you was a real pilot you 
                        wouldn’t be flying that whale.

                                 PILOT
                        Only whale I ever flew was your 
                        mother.

                                 SOLDIER #3
                             (apoplectic, forgetful)
                        FUCK YOU-

           A chorus of berating hisses. The Snipers up above, instantly 
           alert, turn to look back out the windows they were firing 
           from...two of them take knees again, fire several more of 
           those now-distinctive silenced shots. Speke livid, to #3:

                                 SPEKE
                        Lincoln, stop talking shit because 
                        you’re terrible at it - set up 
                        comebacks like T-balls then can‘t 
                        handle it. Why you ended up behind 
                        bars in the first place. ‘Whale?’ 
                        And you didn’t think he’d go right 
                        at your Mom?

                                 ELLIS
                        There’s no going “right at” Linc’s 
                        Mom. You gotta slap her ass, then 
                        ride one of the waves in.

           Huge, still muted laughter. Lincoln simmers silently.
                                 SOLDIER #4
                        Maybe the reason the plane is empty 
                        is because they mean to fill it 
                        with us.

           A pause now as everyone stares at Gerry...who seems unaware 
           of the eyeballs. Still scanning like a detective. Then, not 
           so much a question as a statement to be verified:

                                 GERRY
                        The Zs are drawn by noise.

           Scoffs among the Soldiers.

                                 SOLDIER #5
                        Oh, he’s obviously Intelligence-

                                 SOLDIER #6
                        -Chairman of the Joint Chiefs-

                                 GERRY
                             (even and quiet)
                        -he’s dead most likely. As is our 
                        President. And almost everyone else 
                        who ever outranked you.

           That quiets the room.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        I’m not here for any of you - I 
                        didn’t know this was a prison until 
                        you turned on the lights.

           After another silent moment, Speke in a more respectful tone:

                                 SPEKE
                        Sound draws them. We call ‘em Zeke.

                                 ELLIS
                        You haven’t fought any Zeke yet?

                                 GERRY
                        I have. It was louder.

                                 SOLDIER #6
                             (disbelieving)
                        Where?

                                 GERRY
                        Philadelphia. Newark.

                                 SPEKE
                        Bad?
                                 GERRY
                        Gone. Both.

           Speke’s face falls.

                           ELLIS
                                                       SOLDIER #5
           Des Moines?
                                              Houston?

           Before a chorus of concern can take hold:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        I don’t know guys - all I know is 
                        the East Coast is Burning. I take 
                        that to mean no place back home is 
                        doing all that well.

                                 SPEKE
                        Who are you?

                                 GERRY
                        My name is Gerald Lane. And I am a 
                        low-ranking functionary at the UN. 
                        I’ve worked there since I graduated 
                        from college in 1991.

                                 SOLDIER #8 (O.C.)
                        I was born in ‘91.

                                 GERRY
                        Go fuck yourself.

           Laughter. Speke smiles. And in his smile we see that not long 
           ago, he was a handsome, young man. Until the weight of the 
           grime and worry of American War aged him in fast forward.

                                 SPEKE
                        Where’d you graduate?

                                 GERRY
                        Same place as the Man who tripped 
                        and shot himself out by the plane. 
                        He was a Virologist-

                                 SPEKE
                             (back to his guys)
                        -means he studied viruses.

                                 ELLIS
                        Clumsy bastard don’t study anything 
                        anymore.

                                 SPEKE
                        Shit happens.
                                 GERRY
                        He would’ve very strongly agreed. 
                        We came here because he hoped to 
                        find clues...Zeke’s origin maybe. 
                        There was some sort of memo sent 
                        from this installation 5 days ago 
                        that had the word ‘Zombie’ in it. 

           They all know this, judging by how quiet they become, how 
           they looked away, fresh horror alive behind vacant eyes.

                                 PILOT
                        Hell do you care now? That Doc is 
                        dead. That means so is his mission.

                                 GERRY
                        So head back out there, gas her up, 
                        honk when your ready.
                             (chuckles)
                        While I wait, and since we just 
                        flew 10,000 miles, I’ll ask around. 
                        See if anyone knows anything about 
                        this memo.

           Speke staring back at Gerry. Face hard.

                                 SPEKE
                        Wasn’t a memo. It was an e-mail. 
                        And it’s obvious nobody back home 
                        bothered to fucking read it...you 
                        either if you didn’t know this was 
                        a prison until the lights came on.

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:

           EXT. PRISON - TIME UNKNOWN

           Cells filled with Soldiers/inmates. Decidedly better behaved 
           than the stereotype of a prison block. But all of them are at 
           the cell bars, heads craned trying to see something (we see a 
           clean-shaven version of Lincoln, the guy who can’t verbally 
           joust, behind bars here)...

           A similarly freshly-scrubbed Speke walks toward us with three 
           Soldiers. Two we’ve never seen, name tags of DAVIDSON and 
           OBLAK. The third we recognize as ELLIS. Approach a COLONEL.

                                 COLONEL
                        Captain Speke, sorry for the 
                        interruption. I know y’all were 
                        just stopping here for gas.
                                 SPEKE
                        You’re keeping us from Afghanistan 
                        Sir - no need to apologize.

           Davidson and Oblak trying to peer down the hall now too, see 
           what everyone on the block is trying to see...

                                 COLONEL
                        I’d hold your gratitude...

                                                                CUT TO:

           Colonel leading Speke’s Team to what looks like one of the 
           Prison’s day rooms. The closer they get, the worse the smell 
           becomes, the more the prisoners in their cells lining either 
           side of their path look fearful, all covering their mouths 
           and noses with rags.

           The Colonel steps inside the day room, holding the door for 
           Speke’s guys. Their faces sour: a smell unlike anything 
           they’ve ever known. Davidson vomits. Speke pats his shoulder.

           INT. DAY ROOM - NEXT MOMENT

           17 men strewn about the floor, fevered, motionless, eyes 
           wide. Several wear SORT uniforms (Special Operations Response 
           Team - prison guards in charge of subduing unruly prisoners, 
           stanching fights, riots). Speke and his guys wide-eyed. Speke 
           himself is trying to zero-in on this ragged, rhythmic, sawing 
           sound from somewhere nearby...some primitive machine...

                                 DAVIDSON
                        Why haven’t you quarantined this?

                                 COLONEL
                             (quiet, defensive)
                        I’m not a Doctor.

                                 DAVIDSON
                        Me neither.

                                 COLONEL
                        I run a prison where any sort of 
                        panic threatens the integrity-

                                 SPEKE
                             (all business)
                        -I see why you wanted my Medics. 
                        But why did you want us armed too?

           The Colonel points back toward a closed door at the rear of 
           the day room - that primitive sawing sound. 
           As they move toward it, Speke has to step over a teenage boy-
           soldier: pupils dilated to the point of obscuring the iris, 
           breathing shallow-fast, three perfect bite marks on his face.

           INT. BACK ROOM - NEXT MOMENT

           What was once a 20 year-old man, tied to a post with rope and 
           chains. Pulling a length of that chain back and forth against 
           a thick support beam to which he’s bound. Trying to cut it. A 
           futile task he doesn’t even seem to be aware he’s doing.

           Despite 5 men now standing in front of him, this Z only 
           notices them after Ellis audibly gags. That moment, all his 
           movement stops, and he just stares up at us in that placid 
           way we’ve come to know. Flinch at the sudden transformation.

           While we stare back, believing in Demons now, the Z just 
           seems to sit motionless. But then Speke notices black blood 
           oozing from wounds being created by those chains and ropes 
           sinking ever deeper into the Z’s skin - it is silently, 
           heedlessly straining with everything it is worth to break the 
           bonds, get at them. The others begin noticing now too...

                                 DAVIDSON
                        Jesus Christ.

                                 SPEKE
                        Where did this guy come from? What 
                        was his crime?

                                 COLONEL
                        I don’t know.

                                 ELLIS
                        You’re swell at your job-

                                 COLONEL
                        -watch it. You know how many bases 
                        we have in the Eastern hemisphere?

           And while this conversation goes on in the b/g, the camera 
           slowly pushes in ever tighter on Speke’s face. Mind working.

                                 ELLIS (O.C.)
                        Couple dozen?

                                 COLONEL (O.C.)
                        Couple hundred. Black sites all 
                        over - but then Delta guys like 
                        y’all already know it all, yeah? Of 
                        course those black sites never show 
                        up on intake forms. This guy could 
                        be out of Uzbekistan or Timbuktu-
           -and Speke’s face changes suddenly - all that thinking 
           produced some awful cognition. Points back to the day room-

                                 CAPTAIN SPEKE
                        -how long ago was this poor son of 
                        a bitch just lying there like those 
                        others out front?

           The Colonel’s big, plain face seems to drain of color...

                                                                CUT TO:

           Speke’s crew and the Colonel step back into the main 
           room/only way out: a 50 year-old Man who was lying next to 
           the teenage soldier we stepped over earlier is standing now. 
           When he hears them, he hunches low, turns to face them. 
           Teenage Soldier sits bolt upright suddenly.

           Speke and the others launch for the door. What used to be a 
           22 year-old dives at them. Speke with lightning quick 
           reflexes, shoots him with the M4, blows the Z into the 
           Colonel. Colonel bitten 6 times in 2 seconds. The sound of 
           the gunfire causes 7 more of the Zs to stand, stare right at 
           Speke. Oblak opens up with his M-4 as the Americans head out 
           the door. Oblak shoulders through a lunging Z, hitting it 
           like a Linebacker hits a receiver. Davidson bitten just above 
           his boot, tripped, mobbed, high-pitched screaming. Speke 
           dives over that dog pile to get out.

           Speke, Oblak, and Ellis make it out. Speke slams the door, 
           then the three of them poke rifles through the bars, and 
           unload into the Zs obliterating Davidson and the Colonel: 
           black blood sprays from bullet wounds, but even machine 
           gunfire doesn’t stop the biting. Davidson begging for help as 
           they bite him. Prison population detonates into shouts: 

                                 PRISON POPULATION
                        MURDERERS-OPEN MY CELL-CONTAGIOUS-

           -Speke, to Oblak and Ellis above the din...

                                 CAPTAIN SPEKE
                        GO GET THERMITES! INCINERATE THIS!

           Oblak and Ellis take off. Wind there way through scattered 
           guards and soldiers running now toward the sounds of gunfire. 
           Speke pulls out a military-issue blackberry, begins typing 
           furiously - the e-mail.

           We follow now just behind Oblak as he and Ellis sprint, and 
           we see a bite high on Oblak’s back, leaking blood. And the 
           whole time we hear Davidson’s curdling pleas above it all...

                                                             RETURN TO:
           INT. UNKNOWN ROOM - EARLY MORNING

           Looking out a small, smoke-blackened window. Our hand swipes 
           away some grime: and now we see scattered packs of Z’s, all 
           heading in one direction like some migration. See that none 
           of them venture up the ramp and into the cargo-hold of the 
           still-open C-17. Instead they just move past in steady 
           streams. Strange. Then we turn around...

           INT. PRISON DAY ROOM - NEXT MOMENT

           And see the charred aftermath of Speke’s recent memory. Walls 
           scorched black. Zs burned to charcoal. Speke stares at what 
           used to be Davidson. Then the ugly voice of a heckler 
           emanates behind, words whistle like a toothless beggar:

                                 UNKNOWN VOICE (O.C.)
                             (speaks in a mock plea)
                        CAPTAIN SAVE ME! OH MY GOD THEY 
                        KEEP BITING ME! DANNY, ARE THEY 
                        EATING ME! MY GUTS ARE BURNING!

           Speke’s eyes well. But he doesn’t turn. Gerry, Ellis, and the 
           Pilot look back: The Heckler is locked in one of the cells, 
           and he looks almost exactly like an old version of BURT 
           REYNOLDS. Sits in an ancient, incongruous leather club chair 
           in the corner of his cell, staring right back at us. A hand 
           written sheet of paper stuck to the bars of his cell: 

           “We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existence.“ 
           Chucky Darwin.

           They turn away. Ellis puts a hand on Speke’s shoulder. Gerry 
           back to business, all still speaking quietly:

                                 GERRY
                        People I’ve seen bitten go in 7 or 
                        8 seconds...took more time here?

                                 ELLIS
                        Oblak didn’t turn for 5 minutes.

                                 SPEKE
                        Davidson kept...talking...for about 
                        that same time.

                                 BURT (O.C.)
                        I wouldn’t call that ‘talking.’

                                 SPEKE
                        I don’t know why it’s so short now.
                                 PILOT
                        Always heard viruses get uglier as 
                        they move. SARS and shit.

                                 GERRY
                             (to Ellis)
                        You came back with the thermite, 
                        but Oblak is how Zeke got outside 
                        the Prison...base was at War with 
                        itself within the half hour?

           Speke and Ellis nod. Gerry points to the few inhabited cells.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        So you let out most - your men now. 
                        But still keep a few locked up.

                                 SPEKE
                             (pointing in turn)
                        Murderer from Okinawa. Piece of 
                        Shit who stole from footlockers of 
                        KIAs. And Smoky and the Bandit was 
                        CIA, selling gas to the North.

                                 GERRY
                        The North. North v. South v. Zeke. 
                        That’s the big battle...

           Gerry points up at the echoes of that battle raging in the 
           distance, sounds that seem decidedly louder today. Again, 
           Speke and Ellis nod.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        That’s why there’s this endless 
                        stream of Zeke moving North through 
                        the base: drawn to the sound of it.

                                 SPEKE
                        You’re quick...I see now why you’re 
                        still a low-level UN functionary.

           Smiles back and forth. 

                                 BURT (O.C.)
                        THE U.N. IS HERE? THE DAY IS SAVED!

           Smiles die. Gerry turns. Burt standing at his bars now, blood-
           stained face animated, two teeth left in his ghastly mouth.

                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                             (at Speke)
                        Or not. Your friend who got the 
                        life bitten from him deserved it. 
                        As do we all. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                        And certainly no World Music-
                        listening UN Castrati can stop 
                        it...unless of course he chooses to 
                        adopt my 32-step plan.

           Burt suddenly pulls one of his two remaining teeth with 
           pliers that suddenly appear in his hands. Gerry winces.

                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                        In parts of Appalachia it will be 
                        just 12 or 13 steps. The gist: no 
                        teeth, no bite, no transmission.

           Tongues the lone survivor now. Gerry turns away like anymore 
           time spent looking at Burt will curdle his mind.

                                 BURT (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Imagine how that battle will sound 
                        in a few days when it’s lapping at 
                        the shores of the Young Captain’s 
                        fiefdom.

           Speke looks at Gerry.

                                 SPEKE
                        Who says fiefdom?

                                 GERRY
                        Where are the other Officers?

                                 SPEKE
                        Zeke, Dead, or AWOL.

                                 GERRY
                        But you stay.

                                 SPEKE
                        I can’t abandon them...even if they 
                        were criminals.

                                 BURT
                        Your Congressional Medal of 
                        Sacchrine means nothing to God-

                                 GERRY
                             (angry snap)
                        -someone like you believes in God?

                                 BURT
                        And not the one you pray to for a 
                        Porsche or a playoff win. But He of 
                        the Pentateuch. The God who 
                        commanded that Moses ethnically-
                        cleanse the Midianites. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BURT (CONT'D)
                        Murder boys and mothers, but dole 
                        the Virgins to his Officers. That’s 
                        my God.
                             (beat, that ugly smile)
                        How do you think they tested for 
                        virginity? Do you have daughters-

           -Gerry grabs him by the hair suddenly, shockingly. Speke, 
           Ellis, and the Pilot flinch. Gerry rips the pliers from his 
           hand, rams them into Burt’s mouth. Grips his last tooth: 
           enamel cracks as he clamps. Burt moans. Gerry pulls, Burt’s 
           head yanks violently into the bars. Tooth holds. Gerry yanks 
           for all he’s worth. Tooth rips free. Burt falls back on his 
           ass. Silent, surprised seconds pass now...

                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                        I’ll file that away as a ‘Yes.’

                                 GERRY
                        I take some solace in the fact that 
                        men like you actually do sometimes 
                        die in places like this-

                                 BURT
                        -unlike Zeke. Seen one dead yet my 
                        Dentist? One that wasn’t totally a 
                        briquet I mean? If it’s not God why 
                        do they only ever really die in 
                        fire and brimstone? Why do they 
                        move like a locust plague? Why’s 
                        Israel winning-

                                 GERRY
                        -wait: what? Israel’s winning?

           Shakes his head like an elementary teacher on a guilt trip:

                                 BURT
                        Read more. They’re sealed up behind 
                        concrete-

                                 GERRY
                        -for the Intifada-

                                 BURT
                        -sure. Seal the entire country days 
                        before the Undead attack Man. It 
                        was just impeccable timing is all.

           Gerry looks down now, mind racing...

                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                        Remembering any other stories you 
                        heard before this War?
                                 (MORE)
                                 BURT (CONT’D)
                             (points at Speke)
                        Lee Marvin’s e-mail was sent with 
                        barest encryption. And because 
                        America is made of people who would 
                        rather watch singing shows, we 
                        filed it as ‘to be read.’ But other 
                        countries, yellow and brown ones 
                        who dedicate their brightest to 
                        reading our mail, read it ASAP...

                                 GERRY
                             (not looking at Burt)
                        Cuba closed off their airports for 
                        Mad Cow...

                                 BURT REYNOLDS
                        Good Morning, sunshine! How was 
                        your 40+ year slumber? Now that 
                        you’re awake you might ask other 
                        questions. Like: “Why is it the 
                        sounds of that battle are getting 
                        closer? How can it be North Korea 
                        is advancing when everyone else is 
                        just dying? What steps did they 
                        take when they read the young 
                        Captain’s missive?

                                 GERRY
                        Stop. First it’s God, now it’s our 
                        stupidity-

                                 BURT REYNOLDS
                        -IT’S BOTH! IT IS ONLY EVER BOTH! 
                        LISTEN NOW! JUST MAKE NO NOISE AND 
                        LISTEN! YOU’LL HEAR WHAT I KNOW-

                                 SPEKE
                        -Shut up.

           Burt smiles, brings a finger to his bloody lips like a 
           demented librarian, his eyes wide, voice hissing:

                                 BURT
                        Exactly.

           A creepy silence emerges as they stare back at Burt - echoes 
           of their words fade slowly. And after a few seconds, we begin 
           to hear something...the vaguest noise...a sort of scratching. 
           Gerry looks at Speke - Speke just nods his head: I’ve never 
           heard this before. Gerry snaps on a flashlight, steps deeper 
           into the day room...honing in on the sound...
           Then his light hits it: a fraction of one of the hands on an 
           otherwise utterly charred Z, untouched by the flames: pinky 
           and ring fingers still totally discernible. And those two 
           fingers - again attached to this otherwise utterly fried, 
           unmoving husk - scratch at the floor of the day room in a 
           rhythmic, mechanical, unceasing way. Burt just fades 
           wordlessly back into the shadows of his cell now. Ellis has 
           to sit down to keep his knees from buckling. Speke, Gerry, 
           and the Pilot stare...then very quietly:

                                 GERRY
                        Two choices where to go next, from 
                        where I sit: Israel because they 
                        might be winning, or North Korea 
                        because they might be on the attack-

                                 PILOT
                        -you kidding me? One choice: Home.

                                 GERRY
                        We’d be going home to die.

                                 PILOT
                        I know.

           That kind of talk is antithetical to Speke:

                                 SPEKE
                        God damn mincy Air Force-

                                 PILOT
                        -go to Hell-

                                 SPEKE
                        -look around.

                                 GERRY
                        Who’s your Co-Pilot?

                                 PILOT
                        Not you. I’ll manage.

                                 GERRY
                        Just head for California? Hope the 
                        place you land isn’t overrun? Then 
                        what? Walk where? Israel is a 
                        chance...at fuel, at a clearer 
                        picture, at a way to beat it.

                                 PILOT
                             (pointing at the fingers)
                        HOW DO YOU BEAT THAT?
                                 ELLIS
                             (a growl)
                        Quiet.

                                 PILOT
                        You got a family, UN-

                                 SPEKE
                        -you mention his family again I’ll 
                        kick the shit outta you. You’re 
                        going to Israel. North is suicide, 
                        Home doesn’t exist. You’re flying 
                        him to Israel. Do your job.

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN HALLWAY - TIME UNKNOWN

           Waiting in a very long line to get into the cafeteria.

                                 CONNIE
                        Mommie, is this breakfast time?

                                 KARIN
                        I honestly don’t know baby.

                                 CONNIE
                        The water here tastes funny.

           Sailors up front:

                                 SAILOR #1
                        It’s jet fuel young lady.

           Connie looks up at her Mom. Worried.

                                 KARIN
                        He’s kidding baby.

                                 SAILOR #2
                        He’s not. The De-Sal has trouble 
                        filtering JP4.

           Turns, hands Connie a crystal light packet from his pocket.

                                 SAILOR #1
                        Put this in-

           -without warning Rachel lunges at the Sailor, snapping like a 
           Z. Scares us to death. Sailor flinches. Karin grabs Rachel 
           instinctively, rips her close, as shocked as everyone else.

                                 HALLWAY CHORUS
                        CONTACT! CONTACT!-
           Several pull, aim sidearms-

                                 KARIN
                        -NO!

           And the PARAJUMPER suddenly appears now, puts himself between 
           the guns and Gerry’s family...

           INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS ABOARD THE TRUMAN - MOMENTS LATER

           The kids on the bed. Scared. Connie laying across Rachel. 
           Tommie eyeing the Parajumper - leery. Karin scrawling the 
           word ALIVE across a pink stocking cap with a magic marker held 
           in a shaking hand...

                                 KARIN
                        It’s okay guys. We’re okay. Rach is 
                        just a little ill...
                             (without looking at 
                              Parajumper)
                        Thank you.

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        How long has she been this way?

                                 KARIN
                        2 minutes. And I don’t know what 
                        ‘way’ she is.

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        A Quisling. Humans copying Zs. It’s 
                        happening enough that there’s a na-

           -Karin stops writing, turns with the hat in her hand, crying-

                                 KARIN
                        -she’s my daughter. Traumatized. 
                        She has seen things in the last 48 
                        hours she can’t...reconcile. That’s 
                        all. She just needs help-

                                 PARAJUMPER
                             (hand on Karin’s shoulder)
                        -I’m on your side.

                                 TOMMIE (O.C.)
                             (righteous little man)
                        Then don’t call Rachel names.

           Parajumper turns toward Tommie - the little guy is staring at 
           him. Massive knocks on the door...

                                                              FLASH TO:
           Black. Then the green light and concomitant low grade 
           electric whine of night vision goggles turning on... 

           EXT. PRISON - NIGHT

           Entire sequence will be seen through night vision. 3 soldiers 
           with 2 bikes, removing a kickstand - stripping all extraneous 
           parts. Each bike picked up, dropped/bounced it on it’s tires. 
           Soundless. Soldiers re-spray the chains with WD-40.

                                 SPEKE (O.C.)
                        Take this.

           Gerry’s POV: Speke right in front of us, his goggles on too, 
           holding a silenced rifle with on hand, handing us something 
           with the other: a graduation ring.

                                 GERRY
                        No.

                                 SPEKE
                        For my folks. If they’re there. 
                        Boulder, Colorado. Better chance of 
                        you seeing ‘em before me is all. If 
                        Mom’s...there, she‘s pacing holes.

           We pocket the ring. Shake Speke’s hand.

                                 SPEKE (CONT’D)
                        Pedal your ass off.

           We get on one of the bikes. Turn: Pilot on the other. Staring 
           at the front door of the prison. Look up: snipers in 
           position. Speke right in front of us, rifle at the ready, on 
           foot, and he’s not wearing boots - bare feet - less sound. We 
           don’t know the plan. Speke up to his men:

                                 SPEKE (CONT’D)
                        Don’t rush shots. Don’t hit the God 
                        damn plane. Get Zeke on the ground. 
                        Remember: spines are divine but 
                        knees work just fine. Here it is...

           Speke inhales, exhales...opens the giant, noisy door. Snipers 
           open up: the distinctive tiny-bright flashes and muzzled hiss 
           of bullets. Speke takes off in a full sprint into the night, 
           and we race out of there on the bikes.
           EXT. CAMP HUMPHREYS - BLACK NIGHT

           With Speke now: running toward a fuel truck. The explosions 
           from the massive battle to the North even louder now, and 
           lighting the nearby sky. 

           Some to such a degree that the goggles whiteout for seconds 
           at a time - too much light. Z’s falling all around him. 
           Reaches the door of the truck...

                                                                CUT TO:

           Gerry and the Pilot on the bikes. Fast. Weaving between packs 
           of Zs. And when they pass, Zs begin searching wildly for the 
           hint of noise, snapping at air in that teeth-shattering way.

           Then that fuel truck, driven by Speke, roars past. A Horde of 
           Zs following, dozens being picked off by the Snipers as they 
           chase. Several more run over by Speke.

           INT. C-17 - MOMENTS LATER

           Gerry on the bike. Soundlessly up the ramp. Gets off. Sets it 
           down gently just as the Pilot literally jumps of his Bike mid-
           pedal like an idiot kid. Bike ghost-riding toward a bulkhead. 
           Gerry momentarily amazed at the Pilot’s panicked stupidity, 
           then reaches out for the bike, just as one of the explosions 
           from the battle whites-out our goggles. Unknown seconds as 
           our POV fades back in...and the bike is in our hand...

           Gerry sets it down. Unslings his own silenced rifle, fidgets 
           with the safety, scared as hell, steps quickly/gingerly back 
           to edge of the ramp to provide cover for Speke.

           EXT. FUEL TRUCK - SAME MOMENT

           Speke fearless. Climbing on top of the truck, clamping the 
           fuel line in place. The whole time Zs shot and dropped around 
           him. Jumps down. Flips a switch to begin the pump. And a Z 
           that he had run over, stuck in the undercarriage of the 
           truck, bites Speke’s knee. Stunned second. At normal volume:

                                 SPEKE
                        Oh you fucken cheater.

           Speke falls just as the jet engines begin their big wind-up.

           INT. PRISON - NEXT MOMENT

           With Ellis and the Snipers. They see Speke fall...
                                 A CHORUS
                        NO-NO-GOD-NO-

                                 ELLIS
                        -shoot before he turns-somebody get 
                        him before he goes-I can’t do it.

           EXT. C-17 - NEXT MOMENT

           Just as Gerry gets to open cargo door, he sees Speke down, 
           eight Zs near him drop. He shoulders his rifle - before he 
           can fire two shots hit, kill Speke. Jets wind higher. Gerry 
           stunned, livid, but now the Zs are coming for the plane.

           INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS ABOARD THE TRUMAN - SAME MOMENT

           Parajumper at the open door, trying to talk to a team of 
           Marines wearing full battle dress. Karin standing in front of 
           her children. Connie and Tommie sob. Rachel snarls.

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        C’mon Bros, you need to bring guns-

                                 MARINE #1
                        -I’m not your Bro-

                                 MARINE #2
                        -MOVE-

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        -where will you take her?

                                 KARIN
                        They’re not taking her anywhere.

                                 MARINE #2
                        We are Ma’am. We’ll go through you.

                                 MARINE #1
                        There’s a clean, holding pen in the 
                        Brig. Please, Miss. This is an 
                        overcrowded boat with way too many 
                        armed dudes. Your daughter snaps at 
                        the wrong one at the wrong time- 

                                 KARIN
                             (holds the ‘ALIVE’ hat)
                        -she’ll wear this everywhere-

                                 MARINE #1
                        -it won’t do...
                                 KARIN
                        Please don’t separate my family.

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        They’re my responsibility-

                                 KARIN
                        -no we aren’t-

           -Thierry’s voice from outside. Raging. Never heard him like 
           this. Truly frightening:

                                 THIERRY
                        GET OUT! MOVE NOW!

           Man-sized fracas outside the door. Marines #1 and #2 shoved 
           bodily inside. Thierry charges in right behind them:

                                 THIERRY (CONT’D)
                        GET AWAY FROM THIS FAMILY!

           Two other Marines try to wrestle Thierry to the ground - he 
           holds his own - like an episode of Cops. Ugly.

           INT. C-17 COCKPIT - MOMENTS LATER

           Gerry closes the cockpit door. Gets into the Co-Pilot’s seat. 
           Within seconds Zs hit, then scratch at the door just closed.

                                 PILOT
                        What are we gonna do now?!

                                 GERRY
                        Leave the cargo door open. When we 
                        takeoff they’ll slide out - why am 
                        I telling you this?

           Gerry exhales. Something dawns - immediately begins patting 
           himself down. Eyes wide and fearful like he forgot something. 
           Finds and pulls the phone just as the C-17 begins moving. 
           Turns it on: a signal. Dials a number. Ringing...

           INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS ABOARD THE TRUMAN - NEXT MOMENT

           Karin’s Sat Phone on a table, ringing. No chance of it being 
           heard as the fight devolves. The Marines who were pushed 
           inside by Thierry now take the opportunity to grab Rachel. 
           Connie bawling. Karin and Tommie trying to fight them off. 
           Thierry taken down hard, head slams on a bed frame. Held by 
           the two he’s been fighting while a third Marine hits him with 
           an endless stream of Pepper Spray. Bleeding, glazed, gagging.
                                 KARIN
                        HE CAN’T BREATH!

           INT. C-17 COCKPIT - SAME MOMENT

           Phone just keeps ringing. Gerry finally hangs up. Powers it 
           down to save the battery. Then can only just sit back as the 
           Pilot continues a feverish pre-flight check. Engines deafen.

           INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS ABOARD THE TRUMAN - SAME MOMENT

           Paramedics doing compressions on Thierry. Rachel gone. The 
           ‘Alive’ hat on the floor. Karin sits back into the wall, eyes 
           vacant, holding Connie and Tommie. Her phone: 1 missed call.

                                                        FLASH TO BLACK.

           EXT. SOME SORT OF OUTDOOR CAFE - BRIGHT DAY

           Small circular tabletop. Pleasant chatter in foreign tongues 
           in the b/g. A steaming cup of coffee placed in front of us. 
           POV lifts: Gerry sits at the table. Budding beard. Exhausted. 
           Still wearing the gear with which Speke outfitted him. Across 
           from a handsome Man in his 60s, dressed sort of like a 
           Soldier, but with no insignia, decoration. Confident in the 
           way Men are who have spent life outdoors. JURGEN WARMBRUMM. 

           Warmbrumm has two empty cups in front of him. That third, 
           steamy cup of black coffee with which we opened the scene was 
           also placed in front of him. Gerry too has three cups in 
           front of him, but all of his are full. Untouched.

           We are directly across the street from a 10-story wall that 
           extends to either end of frame. 2-story graffiti art of a 
           little girl jumping for balloons floating away from her.

           In white font: Jerusalem

           On the road bordering this outdoor cafe: buses of all shapes, 
           sizes, moving in just one direction through frame.

                                 GERRY
                        How’d you know to build the walls 
                        this extensively? That high?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (sips, professorial)
                        Israelis accept the world as it is, 
                        Mr. Lane. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WARMBRUMM (CONT'D)
                        This clear view is mostly a curse, 
                        but on rare occasions it’s a 
                        gift...small sign that our 
                        particular set of horrors might be 
                        a part of something grander.

                                 GERRY
                             (much less leisurely)
                        You intercepted U.S. Army Captain 
                        Speke’s e-mail?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (like Gerry is a constant 
                              affront to decorum)
                        Not me personally. But yes, that 
                        and other sources of what I’ll call 
                        ‘chatter.’

                                 GERRY
                        But you won’t name those sources.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Of course not.

                                 GERRY
                        So you took an e-mail and ‘chatter’ 
                        about Zombies seriously, way before 
                        anyone ever saw one?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Yes.

                                 GERRY
                        That’s hard to believe.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Do you know what a Minyan is?
                        Where the name comes from?

           Gerry exhales. This back and forth has been going on too 
           long, as witnessed by all the cups of coffee.

                                 WARMBRUMM (CONT’D)
                        You don’t want answers?

                                 GERRY
                        I love answers. The bard’s tales 
                        that precede them make me want to 
                        break things.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        I think I’ve found the reason for 
                        your low station at the UN.
           Warmbrumm just sips, waits for Gerry to answer his question.

                                 GERRY
                        A Minyan is the 10 men needed to 
                        sit shiva for the dead.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Very good. You Jewish?

                                 GERRY
                        No. Comes from God telling Abraham 
                        Sodom and Gommorrah would be spared 
                        if he could find 10 honest men.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Erudite. Wrong. On the eve of 
                        reaching the promised land, the 
                        people of Moses were...pissy: is it 
                        nice? Is there food? Ample parking? 
                        Moses booms ‘God says it’s great.’ 
                        His people boom back, ‘Bravo, but 
                        after 40 years in a desert, we're 
                        over you and him.’

           Warmbrumm finishes that third cup. Hand up to order a fourth. 
           Gerry’s jaw tightens, looks away to stop from screaming.

                                 WARMBRUMM (CONT’D)
                        So Moses sends 10 men to scout 
                        Canaan. When they get back they say 
                        it's nice. Food. Parking aplenty. 
                        But safe? Nine say no, let’s go 
                        back. The 10th, Caleb, says it's 
                        safe enough. People get upset, 
                        curse him, but Caleb stands his 
                        ground...thus here we stand.

                                 GERRY
                        Sit.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (hardening a bit)
                        In the 30s Jews didn’t believe we 
                        were being herded into ovens. In 
                        ‘72 we didn’t believe we would be 
                        massacred at an Olympics. In ‘73 we 
                        didn’t believe our neighbors were 
                        going to attack at once.
                             (beat)
                        To prevent anything like these from 
                        ever happening again, we created 
                        the Intelligence version of a 
                        Minyan. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WARMBRUMM (CONT'D)
                        If 9 look at the information and 
                        come to the same conclusion, it’s 
                        the duty of the 10th to disagree. 
                        No matter how ridiculous. He has to 
                        believe that Zombie means Zombie. 
                        And keep digging to prove the other 
                        9 wrong.

                                 GERRY
                        You were Caleb this time?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        How else do you think a Mossad 
                        Fossil toting a UN Functionary 
                        dressed like that gets to order 
                        coffee by just raising a finger?
                             (quick beat)
                        Clean shirt?

           Gerry just looks at his watch now.

                                 GERRY
                        Ten hours before my plane leaves.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Nine hours too many.

                                 GERRY
                        Why is it you want me to go?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        You’re attempting to save the World-

                                 GERRY
                        -let’s not get ahead of ourselves-

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        -it would scare me too, Gerry.
                             (beat)
                        And here you’ve found a nation 
                        unscathed by Mekaver - Zombies. 
                        Unfortunately, we’re sui generis. 
                        The walls, and Millennia of threats 
                        of extinction can’t be replicated.
                             (beat)
                        And don’t forget to mention I 
                        offered you to stay-

                                 GERRY
                        -which was hollow - it came seconds 
                        after you spotted my wedding ring.
                             (stays on point)
                        I’m staying all ten hours. Assuming 
                        I’m not thrown out.
                                 WARMBRUMM
                        There’s a greater chance your plane 
                        will be confiscated.

           Gerry locks eyes now. Unblinking. Something just happened in 
           Gerry’s mind...triggered by Warmbrumm’s words...

                                 GERRY
                        And you’re schooling me on ‘rude.’
                             (beat, still unblinking)
                        You’re not going to take the plane.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (chuckles at the bravado)
                        Well, the exigency of our need 
                        might override our hospitality-

                                 GERRY
                        -exigency? You’ve had three drinks. 
                             (quick beat, intentional 
                              Ugly American, goading)
                        And stealing a plane from the ally 
                        who underwrites your existence-

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (flash of frustration)
                        -America is gone.

           Silent Moment. Warmbrumm looks away. Gerry doesn’t so much as 
           blink, making it seem as though Warmbrumm shut him up. Gerry 
           finally sips his coffee now...

                                 GERRY
                        For now.

           But Warmbrumm has a strange look suddenly, like he may have 
           said too much. In a moderated tone:

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        How old are your children?

                                 GERRY
                             (having none of it)
                        Is Israel winning World War Z?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (points at the wall)
                        You can’t see as much?
                             (points to his cup)
                        Taste as much?

                                 GERRY
                        My first time in Beirut, I had tea 
                        at an outdoor cafe.
                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Let me settle in, Shakespeare-

                                 GERRY
                        -machine guns started up nearby. 
                        Everyone ran. I followed in a 
                        panic. They all ran to a different 
                        cafe 2 blocks away, sat back down, 
                        and reordered...

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Does this look like Beirut?

                                 GERRY
                        It looks like somebody trying too 
                        hard. Looks like a Potemkin Village-

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        -go ahead and pinch the people, Mr. 
                        Lane. Open the doors-

                                 GERRY
                        -Israelis aren’t cocky. They’re 
                        lots of things, but never over-
                        confident.

           -heads start turning toward Gerry’s volume...

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        You’re on the brink of stereotype-

                                 GERRY
                        -sitting at a cafe while the World 
                        dies around you is over-confidence. 
                        A front. Bullshit. And the real 
                        reason you’d never grab the plane I 
                        flew in on: I do you no good here. 
                        You not only need me to leave, you 
                        need me to leave with strongly held 
                        opinions I share with the World: 
                        Israel has it beat - stronger than 
                        ever - eating knishes in the Sun.
                             (beat)
                        And you need this is for the reason 
                        you just threw in my face: America 
                        is gone. You no longer have your 
                        great ally...the insurance that 
                        allowed you to face down most of 
                        the rest of the World time and agai-

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        -don’t delve into hyperbole-
                                 GERRY
                        -it leaves you cold in a new World 
                        where the few countries that might 
                        survive W-W-Z are some of the same 
                        who’d bomb you without a blink...

           A veritable audience watching Gerry now. Several leave...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        So thanks for the coffee and the 
                        show. Can I see the real thing now?

           Warmbrumm stares...then nods to the waitress: check please.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. THE ISRAELI FRONT - BRIGHT DAY

           The Real Thing. Horizon-wide shot of the ENHANCED SECURITY 
           PERIMETER (ESP), seen from a height of 5 or so stories: life 
           going on below, the top of the wall several stories above.

           Nothing less magnificent and austere than a brand new Great 
           Wall to defend against brand new hordes. As formidable a 
           defense against the outside World as has ever been attempted. 
           Eighth Wonder. We stare from the safe side. Still no idea 
           what, or how many Zs, are on the other side...

           Center-frame is the Jerusalem Salvation Gate: a break in the 
           ESP the size of a two-lane highway, but lined on either side 
           with walls just as high as the ESP, extending back to the 
           horizon, undulating with the topography. Entire length of 
           this “Salvation Gate” packed with people: Palestinians not 
           already behind the ESP, Arabs from points east...

           EXT. ROOFTOP COMMAND POST, JERUSALEM - DAY

           We’re on the Eastern Wall of the Old City, in a command post 
           staffed with IDF Generals. This is the vantage from which we 
           have been taking in the ESP and the ‘Salvation Gate.’

           The Generals chain-smoke, chug coffee. Two at computers, 
           furiously hunt-pecking communiques. The Place neatly lined 
           with unopened boxes of rations, ammo, water. Indicative of 
           flawless preparation. Gerry envious - and not because he’s 
           hungry - as one of the Generals pulls a box cutter, slices a 
           box, pulls a C-ration, lights a little butane camp stove...

           Gerry looks down now: just below us a No Man’s Land between 
           the ESP and the easternmost ancient wall of the Old City upon 
           which we sit. 
           A swath about 1/5 of a mile wide and filled with all manner 
           of BUS: tour, school, city (hereafter “BUS LAND”). These 
           Buses gorge themselves with the very recently saved as they 
           come through that last checkpoint - many crying with joy as 
           they do, kissing the ground and each other before happily 
           climbing aboard for points West, further into the Israeli 
           interior. 1 bus leaves every 5 or 7 seconds.

           F-16s flash past, low, fast, patrolling. Several of the IDF 
           Generals with binoculars, scanning everything. Gerry simply 
           astonished at the scope, spectacle, humanity...

                                 WARMBRUMM (O.C.)
                        Jerusalem Salvation Gate. One of 5 
                        along our Security Perimeter - 
                        portals into fortified Israel.

                                 GERRY
                        You’re letting people in.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Palestinians and Arabs mostly. 
                        Until we sealed the tail ends of 
                        each of the portals last night.

                                 GERRY
                        Why?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        The Mekaver were too many-

                                 GERRY
                        -no, I mean this...the welcoming of 
                        past enemies...

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Doing the right thing isn’t enough?

                                 GERRY
                        It never was...

           Gerry catches looks from IDF brass for that. One scoffs.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Everyone we get behind our wall is 
                        one fewer Zombie to fight.

                                 GERRY
                        And maybe it provides some goodwill 
                        in the new world.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Think what you will.
           Down below in BUS LAND, a group of mostly young men are 
           suddenly, steadfastly, choosing not to get onto the buses. 
           One of the Generals turns his binoculars to the scene...

                                 GERRY
                             (honest, regretful)
                        I didn’t mean that pejoratively.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (lighting a cigarette)
                        Impressed with the Real Thing then?

           An IDF Platoon approaching the group refusing to get on 
           buses. Two more of the Rooftop Generals focus in - one 
           disengaging the safety on his sidearm...

                                 GERRY
                        I think it’s something they’ll 
                        write about in new bibles...why 
                        would you not want me to see this?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (a big, nervous drag)
                        Because nothing is certain...

           In Bus Land, the IDF Platoon attracts even more attention: 
           group refusing to evacuate doubles from 10 to 20 in a blink. 
           A Palestinian Authority (PA) Security Unit steps in as well - 
           the Crowd immediately begins shoving the PA Troops: treatment 
           reserved for traitors. The rest of the Generals, Gerry, and 
           Warmbrumm look down now...as we push in on the fracas in 
           earnest, we still hear Warmbrumm and Gerry:

                                 WARMBRUMM (O.C.) (CONT’D) 
                        Because the odds that our week-old 
                        fear of Zombies will keep trumping 
                        our thousand-year old hatred of 
                        each other are long...

                                 GERRY (O.C.)
                        But have held to now?

                                 WARMBRUMM (O.C.)
                        But have held to now.

           EXT. BUS LAND PROTEST - DAY

           A Palestinian Family in the midst of the growing, angry 
           group. Only one who wants to be here is the SON: well-built, 
           standard issue green surplus jacket despite the heat. FATHER 
           is shorter, fatter, hunched. Father and MOTHER looking toward 
           the buses that keep filling despite the inchoate protest. Beg 
           their Son to come along. Nervous. Exhausted. All in Arabic:
                                 FATHER
                        Please, Son. We’ve almost made it.

                                 MOTHER
                        There’s a little further to go...

           The young DAUGHTER keeps looking at the backpacks worn by the 
           6 men organizing what we thought was an ad hoc protest. SON 
           just nodding his head to the rhythm of the angry yelling:

                                 PROTEST LEADER
                        YOU THINK YOU’RE SAVING YOUR 
                        FAMILY, BUT YOU’RE ONLY ABANDONING 
                        HOMES YOU SHED BLOOD FOR ONCE! LONG 
                        AGO WHEN YOU WERE STILL MEN!

           His Son turns, obviously in total agreement because he’s 
           glowering at his Father. Father absorbs the silent 
           punishment. The Son, overcome, yells at everyone nearby now:

                                 SON
                        AND AFTER THEY’VE ‘SAVED’ US, 
                        THEY’LL OWN IT ALL! GETTING ON A 
                        BUS IS SIGNING A CONTRACT!

           Cheers from the Protest leaders. Cheers from the crowd as 
           people continue filtering in and out of this angry amoeba, 
           some choosing to stay, most continuing through to the buses.

           The PA troops take a much heavier hand now. Start shoving 
           people toward the buses. Effective. Amoeba divides, shrinks 
           as Protestors deflect their indignation toward their “own” 
           troops. And it’s now, when that anger seems blunted and 
           halved, that the Protest Leaders reach into their backpacks - 
           family’s Daughter flinches, yelps, pulls at her parents. 

           The IDF platoon shrieks warnings, levels rifles. And the 
           protest turns into something else now. Those who don’t 
           immediately scatter-sprint for the buses, go after the 
           Soldiers. Amoeba reforms, multiplies in size, volume.

           The leader of the IDF platoon, a strikingly tall, beautiful, 
           young female Lieutenant (SEGEN in Hebrew) stands her ground 
           as people throw their belongings at her Unit and the PA 
           troops. She screams back at the Protestors in Arabic:

                                 SEGEN
                        IT’S NOT A TRICK! IT’S NOT A PLOY!

           The Leaders pull their hands from their bags now: come out 
           with BULLHORNS, not guns. Tight on the bullhorns...

           Then in white font: The Battle of Jerusalem
           Screaming amplified exhortations now:

                                 BULLHORN CHORUS
                        DON’T BE SHEEP! DON’T BE SHEEP!

           The volume of it all gets tremendous from one second to the 
           next. Full-fledged riot seconds away - people actually 
           getting back off of the buses now. Unknown rifle shots 
           emanate from somewhere nearby. Heads go down and/or prairie 
           dog to see where they’re coming from. Hundreds of people...

           Second-in-command of the protest reaches into the Leader’s 
           bag, pulls the bullhorn, throws it to the SON. The Son, eyes 
           glowing, catches it, looks at his Father who he thinks just 
           looks feeble, cowed. Son presses the trigger:

                                 SON
                        I WILL NEVER ABAN-

           -Father transforms: a paternal madness animates his hunched 
           frame in such a sudden, consuming way, we forget what he 
           looked like before. Picks his Son up off the ground with 
           massive, gnarled hands, just holds him eye to eye. Says 
           absolutely nothing. Just stares. Until something fundamental 
           passes between them. Son embarrassed but weirdly proud. His 
           Father sets him down now and they walk as a family to a 
           waiting bus. Climb in. Within seconds, that bus pulls away.

           Revealing Gerry, Warmbrumm, and two of the Generals on the 
           ground now, sprinting into the fray. Gerry’s hands cupped 
           around his mouth, screaming at the near riot:

                                 GERRY
                        SHUT UP! SHUT UP! NOISE IS WHAT 
                        BRINGS THEM!

           The Generals look panicked: 

                                 GENERAL #1
                        WE HAVEN’T SEEN THAT!

                                 GERRY
                        BECAUSE YOU’VE BEEN BEHIND A WALL!

                                 GENERAL #2
                             (to Warmbrumm)
                        WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT?

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        I DON’T KNOW - BUT I BELIEVE HIM! 
                             (beat, at the crowds)
                        SHUT UP! SHUT UP!

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL - NEXT MOMENT

           Establishing shot for scope, scale, geography. Omniscient for 
           a moment, high above the fray, on the other side of the 100-
           foot high Wall that stretches to either horizon, over what 
           used to be the West Bank. And arrayed against this Wall, all 
           along it’s visible length, are Zs. Behind them, waves of tens 
           of thousands more moving across the desert to join them. And 
           from this height, lit by brilliant sunshine, all noise 
           distant and momentarily insignificant, the scene reminds us 
           of some beautiful migration of massive numbers of beasts 
           across the Serengeti...again, Mother Nature present here...

           And then we notice, in one distinct place on the Wall, a 
           black mass of Zs begin converging suddenly - like some primal 
           signal electrified all the Zs in this locality. Within 
           seconds, that signal seems to have travelled further back 
           into the migration, as suddenly the black mass of Zs is 5 
           times more numerous - unconsciously forming into a vague 
           arrowhead - tip focused on that small point on the Wall... 

           And as more Zs converge on this point, we begin pushing-in as 
           well...zooming and dropping until we’re at ground level, 
           right at the tip of the arrowhead - and we can suddenly and 
           clearly hear the men on the bullhorns again, just on the 
           other side of the wall, at almost this exact point...

           This tip of this arrowhead is actually several Dozen Zs long - 
           and they’re all being obliterated from the tectonic pressure 
           of all those heedless thousands behind. 

           And then we see this very first line of Zs, almost in unison, 
           literally snap under the pressure now, their bodies breaking 
           in dozens of places. The second line, seemingly without even 
           understanding it, are elevated up onto the shattered husks of 
           the first rank...and suddenly these Zs are two feet closer to 
           the top of the wall...until they themselves are crushed, and 
           then the third line moves on top of the first two. And in 
           this way, Zombie Pyramids are made.

           We begin to pull back out and up now as we watch this pyramid 
           naturally form through nothing but pressure and instinctual 
           urge.

           EXT. BUS LAND PROTEST - NEXT MOMENT

           Gerry, Warmbrumm, and the Generals bull right into the center 
           of the riot, jostling and rough like a Mosh Pit. The presence 
           of the Generals causes the female Segen and her unit to 
           follow, offer protection. At that moment, the Radios carried 
           by all the IDF personnel come alive with panicked voices - we 
           already know what it is even if they don’t. 
           The Generals grab their handhelds as Gerry goes right up to 
           the Protest Leader, grabbing the Segen as he goes:

                                 GERRY
                        CAN YOU TRANSLATE ENGLISH?

           She sees he’s with the Generals, and an old man who is 
           obviously Mossad, and nods a confused yes. Gerry screams at 
           the Protest Leader then:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        YOU MUST QUIET YOUR PEOPLE!

           One of the Protest Leader’s acolytes hits Gerry with one of 
           the other bullhorns. Gerry immediately regains his footing, 
           keeps the Segen and her troops from returning the favor.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        THE NOISE BRINGS THE ZOMBIES!

                                 PROTEST LEADER
                             (eyes narrow at Gerry’s 
                              accent, then in English:)
                        AMERICANS BRING THE ZOMBIES!

                                 GERRY
                             (no time for a piss match)
                        THAT MIGHT BE TRUE - BUT I’M SURE 
                        SOUND DOES TOO...

           And while the Protest Leader sizes Gerry, what looks like a 
           body falls through frame...detonates the roof of one of the 
           idle buses nearest the wall. The near Riot becomes suddenly 
           and decidedly quieter one second to the next as everyone 
           turns to identify what that huge sound was...

           Then two more bodies fall through frame, hit that same bus. 
           And no sooner do those two hit, then ten more bodies hit...

           EXT. THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL - SAME MOMENT

           Omniscient POV: the Z pyramid has reached the top of the 
           wall, and a progressively larger section of that pyramid is 
           rolling/stepping over the precipice, and plummeting into 
           ‘fortified Israel’...

           And as this continues, we just hear the calm calls of unseen 
           birds from somewhere nearby, as though nothing out of the 
           ordinary is happening anywhere in the World...
           EXT. BUS LAND PROTESTS - SAME MOMENT

           Now 30 hit at once. None of the others who have hit so far 
           are able to even crawl, much less walk, but of these 30, 1 
           stands, begins dragging itself in this twisted way toward the 
           shrinking but still sizeable mass of protestors, to say 
           nothing of the people still in the Salvation Gate.

           A momentary, disbelieving lull. Then panic. Zero sum rushes 
           for buses. The guys with the Bullhorns begin new chants:

                                 BULLHORN CHORUS
                        RUN! GO!

           What sound like 100 rifles open fire on that one Z, taking it 
           apart with a hailstorm of bullets. The noise deafens Gerry as 
           everyone everywhere flinches - just as 70 more Zs hit that 
           bus/the shattered Zs that preceded them - now beginning to 
           offer this sort of macabre cushion, lessening the effects of 
           all those who plummet down after...

           Of these 70, 5 or 6 are able to walk/crawl. 1 actually begins 
           something like a broken run. All hit with well-aimed gunfire-

                                 GERRY
                        -SHOOT LEGS! JUST GET THEM DOWN!

           Segen hears that, yells in Hebrew:

                                 SEGEN
                        LEGS! LEGS!
                             (then in Arabic)
                        TAKE THEIR KNEES!

           The sounds of machine guns and pistols a permanent fixture 
           now - massive noise. Nearby police sirens start wailing for 
           good measure as an avalanche of Zs begins pouring over the 
           wall. And the first person in Israel is bitten: a PA soldier 
           trying to wrestle away a bullhorn.

           Full panicked flight. Masses who can’t get on the buses head 
           toward Lion’s Gate - into the Old City - exactly where Gerry, 
           Warmbrumm, and the Generals are running back to. The Segen 
           and her IDF platoon, as well as some of the PA troops follow, 
           backpedaling, firing like mad into the waterfall of Zs coming 
           over the Wall, hitting, then spreading like a fungus.

           Gerry turns to look back, and in lockstep with the audience, 
           notices something truly horrific now:

                                 GERRY
                        GOOD GOD - THEY ARE FASTER HERE-
                                 WARMBRUMM
                        -THANK YOU FOR THAT-

           -One of the Generals is screaming into a hand-held:

                                 GENERAL #1
                             (subtitled Hebrew)
                        PROCEED WITH OPERATION NOAH’S ARK!

           Gerry grabs that General:

                                 GERRY
                        HAVE YOUR JETS START DROPPING BOMBS 
                        OUTSIDE THE WALLS-

                                 GENERAL #1
                        -AND RISK BREACHING THE WALL-

                                 GERRY
                        -NO: AWAY FROM IT-AWAY FROM IT-THE 
                        NOISE WILL PULL AWAY THE Zs...

           General goes back to yelling into his handheld - don’t know 
           if he gave Gerry’s advice even a second thought. Gerry looks 
           at Warmbrumm now, the color gone from the old man’s face. 
           Warmbrumm grabs the Segen, points at Gerry.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        Go West - New Gate or Jaffa Gate - 
                        but get there before they close - 
                        your life for his.

                                 GERRY (O.C.)
                        No.

                                 WARMBRUMM
                        He must get to Atarot, and back on 
                        his plane-

                                 SEGEN
                        -why?

                                 GENERAL #2
                        THOSE ARE ORDERS!

                                 WARMBRUMM
                             (much more grandfatherly)
                        He may help save us.
                             (to Gerry, a small smile)
                        After all of it...the undead get 
                        Jerusalem...
           Warmbrumm peels away now, giving a small salute to Gerry - 
           just as the sound of big bombs dropping on the other side of 
           the wall start filling the air...

           EXT. THE OLD CITY - DAY

           Running with Segen’s IDF Platoon. Every member has, in 
           addition to an assault rifle and standard kit, an AA-12 
           Automatic Shotgun lashed across their back with spare drum 
           magazines. Even more ghoulish than the shotguns: machetes in 
           sheathes strapped to their hips.

           Sporadic gunfire now from seemingly half the windows in the 
           city, no real idea who’s shooting or why. Segen’s Unit 
           returning fire on the run - but it’s pure fog of war. One of 
           the IDF Soldiers is shot. Drops dead instantly.

           Gerry quickly unslings the Shotgun from the dead Soldier’s 
           back, pulls the machete from the sheath...

                                 SEGEN (O.C.)
                        KEEP MOVING!

                                                                CUT TO:

           Burgeoning mass of Humanity floods the streets now: moving 
           from trickle to stream to torrent block by block. Most 
           utterly unprepared, empty-handed with terrified families in 
           tow. Surprisingly quiet though as people focus all their 
           adrenaline on running rather than hysterics - just the shouts 
           of people trying to stay together in the midst of the masses. 

           Soldiers and Gunmen begin popping up on top of the walls, 
           firing at things we can’t see because we’re in the network of 
           ancient alleys and streets, bullets ricocheting off walls, 
           spraying faces with stone as old as time. We follow Segen and 
           her Unit - this innate sense of where to go, what turns to 
           make, which alleys won’t be clogged.

           And then we start hearing screams. Meaningful, ugly, bereft 
           of hope: Zs somewhere close. And as we come into the clear of 
           a wider market area, the Jaffa gate visible down the street, 
           we see Zs pincer-in from alleys on either side of that path.

           Segen’s platoon, eyes bright, faces drenched, take aim, slow 
           the pace to a rapid walk, and begin running their Tavor 
           assault rifles dry, aiming at Z legs. Hundreds of hits. Never 
           stop moving. Drop their rifles when they finish their clips, 
           then unsling and bring the automatic shotguns to bear with 
           both hands. Segen in Hebrew, pointing at Gerry:
                                 SEGEN (CONT’D)
                        HE’S IN THE MIDDLE OF US. STAY 
                        CLOSE BUT NOT BUNCHED!

           They close around Gerry, move right into the mass of Zs. And 
           now we see the reason for these shotguns - and maybe lament 
           the State of Man that anyone could think up such a weapon: 12 
           gauge shells that fire at a machine gun rate. Firing the AA-
           12s point-blank - heads and chests exploding black, forming a 
           cloud that hovers around them as they move forward, clearing 
           a path like giants moving through trees.

           Gerry wide-eyed, dappled in black blood, not firing because 
           there’s no clear sight-line while he’s in the middle.

           The door to the Jaffa gate slams closed. IDF Soldiers and PA 
           troops up on walls and roofs, start offering hands and ropes 
           down to people. We watch one Man lifted. Not fast enough - 
           bitten along the backs of his legs a dozen times. Screams. An 
           IDF Soldier nearby on the wall executes the bitten man before 
           he turns. Falls from the rope.

                                                               BACK TO:

                                 SEGEN (CONT’D)
                        RELOADING!

           Ejects her ammo drum. Snaps home another. Expert, martial, 
           manicured hands - and then one of those hands is bitten. Just 
           like that. Anticlimax. A shotgun blast detonates the 
           offending Z...a pregnant second of surprised eye 
           contact...and as one of the soldiers levels his shotgun to 
           Segen’s head, several others turning away preemptively, Gerry 
           pulls the machete, and with one swing takes her hand off 
           above the wrist - we never see it - just hear the impact of 
           the blade, watch the faces of Segen and the other soldiers.

           Shock doubles. Gerry sort of looks at Segen, then at the 
           other troops, unsure of what he just did or what to do 
           next...blinks...gets his head back, drops the machete, begins 
           counting as he rips Segen into an alcove. Most of the other 
           stunned soldiers remember to start shooting again. They form 
           a sort wall between the attacking Zs and Gerry and Segen.

           Another Female soldier, FEMALE #1 steps in, stands over 
           Gerry, aiming down at Segen as Gerry counts while he rips off 
           his right boot, rips the lace out of it: a tourniquet...

                                 GERRY
                        1005, 1006-

           -Segen staring at Gerry’s lips counting, still no words, no 
           reaction. Gerry shoves away the muzzle of Female #1’s shotgun 
           aimed down at Segen. She moves right back into place.
                                 GERRY (CONT’D)

           And no sooner does he say that then Segen begins to 
           scream...this primal, mournful wail that frightens us, but 
           also assures us she’s still human. Gerry exhales. Holds her.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry...I’m so sorry...

           Female #1 ejects the shell she was going to use, drops it, 
           stomps on it. Breaks open. Picks up what’s left and dumps 
           gunpowder on Segen’s stump. Takes a lighter from her pocket, 
           cigarettes spilling out, lights the powder - again we never 
           actually see the stump, just the flash, the smoke.

           Segen’s eyes roll back. Gerry and Female #1 scoop her, step 
           back out - Gerry pauses, steps back into the alcove, shoves 
           his foot back into his lace-less boot, then takes command:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        SHE’S IN THE MIDDLE NOW!

           Gerry on point as the Unit forms a shell around Segen who is 
           being guided by Female #1. Gerry aims the platoon at the 
           nearest group of PA Troops on one top of a relatively low 
           wall, holding a hastily knotted rope people are climbing. And 
           now Gerry has to fire the shotgun for the first time: blasts 
           a Z, but the recoil almost breaks his shoulder. Big wince and 
           yell. Female #1 from behind.

                                 FEMALE #1
                        LEAN INTO IT!

           Does so. Fires again. Gets the hang. Obliterating Zs. Bites 
           snapping within inches of our hands. Gerry runs out of shells 
           just as they get to the rope: the PA Troops unloading AKs 
           into the Zs below. Grenades go off now in the midst of Zs and 
           humans, blow 10 or 12 apart at a clip.

           Gerry grabs still-shocked Segen, wraps her good arm multiple 
           times with the rope, lifts her part of the way up. The PA 
           Troops lift her the rest of the way. Three members of the 
           Platoon tackled/bitten now almost simultaneously. Unseen 
           multiple shots hit them before they can turn - an errant 
           round drops Female #1.

           Bullets start ricocheting off the walls right next to the 
           Segen. Gerry enraged, scans: a shooter in a nearby window - a 
           man - Gerry picks up one of the fallen Soldier’s shotguns as 
           a Z snaps down on the toe of his right boot he almost left 
           behind. Swings the shotgun up to the window, blasts that man 
           just as he is ready to fire again - Gerry uses every round. 
           Then he uses the stock of the gun to crush the head of the Z 
           still trying to get through the steel toe of that boot.

           The IDF platoon is gone now: dead, turned. Instinctively 
           slings the shotgun, turns, grabs the rope. He’s screwed: no 
           way he can climb up and out in time, and suddenly it’s just 
           one PA Soldier left on top of the Wall, and Segen. Zs inches 
           away. He’s gone. Then the PA Soldier - and Segen with her 
           good arm, lift at the same time, pulling Gerry up, fractions 
           of a second before his lower legs would have been devoured.

           EXT. OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL - NEXT MOMENT

           All 3 jump down off the wall. 2 stories. Ugly impacts. Quiet. 
           Take breaths. Nothing like relief. Just a moment here, a look 
           traded among 3 human beings still alive for the time being.

           Close-up on Gerry’s face, spattered in black blood. And then 
           behind his face we see five Zs land brutally hard on this 
           other side of the wall too. Gerry, the Segen, and the PA 
           Soldier stand, turn, look up...

           Zs jumping off 3, 4, and 5 story rooftops to get over the 
           walls of the Old City now too. Of course. Gerry, Segen, and 
           the PA Soldier begin running as hard as they can - within 
           five strides though, one of the jumping Zs lands on the PA 
           Soldier. Awful impact, sound. Gerry and Segen keep going.

           EXT. ROAD - MOMENTS LATER

           Troops piling into a dust-caked IDF Land Rover. So overloaded 
           the tires rub the wheel wells. Gerry and a sheet-white Segen 
           climb a little ladder to a rack up top. The other Soldiers 
           see her charred stump, make way. Rover starts moving. She 
           scans the rank insignia of those around her, then screams - 
           sort of slurring her words like when you have a vicious flu 
           but still need to yell. In Hebrew:

                                 SEGEN
                        WHERE TO?!

                                 DRIVER (O.C.)
                        THE SEA!

                                 SEGEN
                        NO! ATAROT AIR FIELD!

                                 DRIVER
                        YOU CAN JUMP DOWN!
                                 SEGEN
                        I’M RANKING! ATAROT ON GENERAL BAR-
                        LEV’S ORDERS OR HE’LL HAVE YOU SHOT-

           INT. LAND ROVER - NEXT MOMENT

           Tight on the driver’s face...not changing course, speed...

                                 SEGEN (O.C.)
                        DO YOU WANT TO BET THAT THAT GUY 
                        WON’T SURVIVE THIS?

                                                                CUT TO:

           Just the deep blue sky, and then a USAF C-17 roars through 
           frame, landing gear folding up under the fuselage.

           EXT. ATAROT AIR FIELD, JERUSALEM - SAME MOMENT

           Gerry at an outer fence, sweating profusely, watching his 
           ride leave, holding up Segen. His teeth grit hard enough to 
           break...then he regroups. We take his POV again: masses of 
           people trying to get into the main terminal on one side of 
           the frame, an Aeroflot A320 taxiing quickly to the end of the 
           runway on the other: next to take-off after the C-17. Gerry 
           throws his shotgun over the fence...

                                 GERRY
                        I’m climbing over...
                             (what else can he say?)
                        Thank you.

           Gerry sits her down, then starts to climb...

                                 SEGEN
                        Don’t leave me here.

                                 GERRY
                             (stops climbing)
                        I don’t know where I’m going...

                                 SEGEN
                        Don’t leave me...

           A moment. Gerry goes back down, picks up and boosts Segen 
           over the fence. She climbs the last bit one-handed. Then just 
           drops ugly from the top. Screams when the severed arm hits 
           ground on the other side. Gerry climbs, jumps, lands, grabs 
           the shotgun and Segen, and starts running to head off the 
           Airplane as it starts to turn to face the runway.
           INT. AEROFLOT A320 COCKPIT - NEXT MOMENT

           Lining up with the runway, not totally stopping, no time for 
           proper procedure - just force the takeoff. We watch with the 
           pilots as many more people begin jumping fences - then at the 
           same time both pilots see some Asshole already standing in 
           the runway, out in front, holding what looks to be a dying 
           woman, aiming a shotgun at one of the engines. Running 
           backwards so as not to get sucked into that engine.

           EXT. RUNWAY - DAY

           Plane slams it’s brakes. Nose dips. Gerry keeps the shotgun 
           aimed at the howling engine. Pointing at the cabin door: open 
           that fucker...a long enormously loud moment...and then to his 
           amazement, it does. Gerry runs toward it, holding Segen with 
           one arm, keeping the shotgun vaguely aimed with the other.

           When he gets close enough, he drops the gun, tells Segen to 
           jump, which she does - true feats of endurance from her now. 
           She grabs onto the entryway floor with her good hand. Hanging 
           there, unable to lift herself further. Gerry makes pleading 
           eye contact with the Flight Attendants as Segen is about to 
           slide off...and they grab her. Pull her up. Gerry jumps up 
           now...plane moving again...they help him up too.

           INT. AEROFLOT PLANE - NEXT MOMENT

           Roaring down the runway before they get the door closed. 
           Gerry looks down the aisle: filled with the lucky enough/rich 
           enough to be this sartorial and seated with their belts on in 
           the middle of all this. They stare back at Gerry cradling 
           Segen like she’s his own daughter...and only now does she 
           begin sobbing.

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN, SLEEPING QUARTERS - TIME UNKNOWN

           Karin drawn, haggard, dialing the sat phone. Ringing...

           INT. AEROFLOT FLIGHT - DAY

           Gerry, still seated on the floor with Segen, can’t hear the 
           ring over her wailing, the roar of the take-off. But the face 
           of the ringing phone lights up his shirt pocket. That’s 
           enough to make some of the terrified flyers point and shriek: 
           think Gerry has some sort of bomb. Their momentary, shit-
           yourself-panic would be funny in another world.
           Gerry looks down to what they’re pointing/yelling at, then 
           snatches out the phone like it was some priceless heirloom he 
           forgot he was carrying. Shows it to the people to try to calm 
           them down so he might hear. Answers: 

                                 GERRY
                        Hello?

           Using his feet to brace against the bulkhead as the plane 
           hits takeoff speed...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        KARIN?

                                 FLIGHT ATTENDANT
                             (using one of 10 English 
                              words she knows)
                        OFF! OFF!

                                 GERRY
                             (back at her)
                        ARE YOU SHITTING ME?
                             (back to the phone)
                        Baby? Hello?!

           Nose rotates up steeply. A ball-clinching climb-out. Unseen 
           fighter jets flash by: the noise of their afterburners seems 
           to ripple the very materials of the A320 airframe...

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN SLEEPING QUARTERS - EARLY AM

           Karin’s end of the line: just nearly silent static. Closes 
           her eyes. Waits 5 more seconds. Then turns it off...begins 
           crying in this small, deep, but stunted way. Mourning maybe. 
           Throws the phone in a garbage can. Slings a full backpack. 
           Steps out and closes the door behind her. But we stay in the 
           empty room. Three seconds. She opens the door back up, 
           quickly steps back inside, pulls the phone from the garbage 
           can, puts it her pocket. Steps back out.

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN HALLWAY - NEXT MOMENT

           Tommy and Connie waiting for her, and they’re also carrying 
           packed bags. All look tired, sad. The Parajumper, always 
           lurking now, just behind the kids. Karin nods politely.

                                 KARIN
                        Thanks for waiting outside here.

           Putting her arms around her kids, to them quietly:
                                 KARIN (CONT’D)
                        Let’s go.

           And they all begin walking...

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN BRIG/JAIL - TIME UNKNOWN

           Rachel, still in the clothes we last saw her in, asleep in 
           the corner of a holding tank. A dozen Quislings of all shapes 
           and ages in with her. Two in the middle of a vicious fight, 
           one old, a full hoary beard, the other maybe 16.

           Tight on Karin: lips quivering, tears rolling down her 
           cheeks, but she refuses to give them voice. Pull back: 
           Parajumper talking with the Marine GUARD and a Navy MEDIC. A 
           conversation we can’t hear. Medic looks over at Karin now:

                                 MEDIC
                        Wanna go in yourself, no escort?
                             (she nods yes, he shrugs)
                        You’ll need a tetanus shot...

                                 GUARD
                        Because these retards bite like 
                        they mean it...

           Karin just rolls up her sleeve. And then quietly, evenly, but 
           with this palpable, maternal rage aimed at the Guard:

                                 KARIN
                        I’ll do whatever I have to do so no 
                        one like you will ever touch her 
                        again.

           And the depth of her quiet words shut him up.

                                                                CUT TO:

           Post injection. Medic tossing the syringe into a biohazard 
           can. Karin rolling down her sleeve, moving toward the gate to 
           the holding tank know. The Marine holds out a billy club for 
           her. She smacks it out of his hands, onto the ground.

           INT. HOLDING TANK - NEXT MOMENT

           Karin strides in, utterly unafraid, holding a bottle of water 
           and a clean shirt. Kneels down by her daughter who we think 
           is still asleep - but Rachel is suddenly staring up at her 
           with blank eyes. We cringe at the proximity. But Karin, as 
           calmly and evenly as any Mother could ever muster, just 
           begins cleaning her little face with the shirt and the water. 
           Then pulls the ALIVE hat out of her cargo pant’s pocket. Puts 
           it on her daughter’s head, scoops up her up.

           INT. USS HARRY TRUMAN BRIG - NEXT MOMENT

           Walks right back out, past the Guard who has been affected by 
           Karin, her motherhood. Misses his own Mom now. Very quiet:

                                 GUARD (O.C.)
                        Good luck.

                                 KARIN
                             (without looking back)
                        Thank you.

           INT. AEROFLOT PLANE - AFTERNOON

           Gerry still sitting on the floor, holding a bottle of water, 
           letting the Segen drink from it. Pilot is saying something in 
           Russian over the intercom. Gerry doesn’t understand a lick.

           Pilot’s address ends. Gerry looks down the aisle: and people 
           seem scared all of the sudden. Some start to cry...

                                 GERRY
                        Are any of you Doctors?
                             (beat, scared, to no one)
                        Am I doing the right thing giving 
                        her water?
                             (beat)
                        Can anyone tell me where we’re 
                        going? Why the hell some of you 
                        just started crying? We crashing?

           The Old Lady sitting right in front of Gerry, in the first 
           row, wears a mink stole and a diamond encrusted Rolex. Looks 
           impassively at Gerry. Gerry watches as she nonchalantly 
           stands, pulls a Vuitton bag out of the overhead. He can’t 
           help but shake his head...

           Seconds later, that Old Lady is suddenly down on her knees 
           with antibacterial wipes. And in this sweet, sudden, motherly 
           way, begins wiping Segen’s face without asking. Segen makes 
           eye contact: kindly brown, bloodshot eyes staring back at 
           her. Then in halting English:

                                 OLD LADY
                        Nurse once. It is good she drinks. 
                        Make her eat salt too.

           She produces three bags of salted peanuts from that bag...
                                 OLD LADY (CONT’D)
                        Only signal Pilot gets in Russia is 
                        Military. When we land we are to be-
                             (unsure of the word)
                        -drafted? That’s why we cry.

                                 GERRY
                        You’re not.

                                 OLD LADY
                             (this great smile)
                        I am cold bitch.

           Even Segen chuckles at that, coughing up some of her water.

           EXT. USS HARRY TRUMAN FLIGHT DECK - SUNRISE

           Karin’s raw, red eyes. Standing with her children, the 
           remnants of the UN, and two dozen other people we don’t know, 
           a few holding and/or trying to control other Quisling family 
           members/friends, stand on the deck, waiting for something...

           Near the very edge of the boat, some 15 yards away, a line of 
           bodies wrapped in white sacks, names scribbled in black ink. 
           Sailors throw them overboard one by one. Karin and the UN 
           remnants stare at one sack in particular: Thierry Umutoni...

           Some squared-away SERGEANT we’ve never seen before appears 
           and starts barking in a studied, martial baritone:

                                 SERGEANT
                        MORNING. WE NEED FEWER MOUTHS TO 
                        FEED AND THE CUBANS NEED GUNS. YOU 
                        ALL WILL BE RELOCATED TO CAMP 
                        COMFORT IN THE EVERGLADES, NOW 
                        UNDER THE COMMAND OF CUBAN FORCES.

           Thierry’s body next in line.

                                 SERGEANT (CONT’D)
                             (impressed with his joke)
                        SO TODAY IS A SORT OF EL MARIEL IN 
                        REVERSE-

           -the Sailors grab Thierry’s body. Karin calls out, 
           interrupting the Sergeant:

                                 KARIN
                        THAT WAS A GREAT MAN...
                             (everyone looks at her, a 
                              long moment passes)
                                 (MORE)
                                 KARIN (CONT'D)
                        HE DID THINGS AND SAW THINGS YOU 
                        MAYBE COULDN’T DREAM...AND HE 
                        THOUGHT THE WORLD OF MY HUSBAND...

           Sailors hesitate. One sort of nods respectfully at Karin, 
           then they just go back to work...

           INT. HELICOPTER - EARLY MORNING

           Karin and her kids loaded into a Chinook packed with the same 
           people we just saw on deck, and stacks of rifles piled in the 
           middle of the floor. The Parajumper is on board too, in full 
           flight uniform. See’s that Karin is scared...

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        I’ll be on the ground with you...

                                 KARIN
                             (beat)
                        What does that mean?

                                 PARAJUMPER
                        There’s no chance the Cubans let 
                        this chopper or crew leave. Too 
                        valuable. But I knew it was one way 
                        when I volunteered...

           Karin looks at him with an expression of quiet distaste...

           EXT. AN OLD AIRFIELD - NIGHT

           In white font: Khodynka Air Field, Moscow

           Fires light the night sky. Cacophony of battle sounds in the 
           distance: bombs detonating, industrial-sounding chain guns 
           roaring, but the only things we actually see are aircraft 
           running lights, afterburners, and flashes.

           The Passengers are lead from the plane by men with guns. Made 
           to run into a hangar. Screamed at like they all just entered 
           basic training. Or a Prison run by the strongest inmates.

           INT. FORTIFIED HANGAR - MOMENTS LATER

           The hangar doors close behind them. Pelted with garbage and 
           invective by lines of Russian Soldiers. All of whom wear 
           heavy Riot Gear. Some even in Bomb Suits. Every part of their 
           skin covered. Duct tape wrapped and patched everywhere.
           Their Leader is a short man wearing SPETSNAZ insignia. Takes 
           his helmet off as the Passengers are made to line up so 
           looting them is a more efficient process. Gerry, separated 
           from Segen somehow on the sprint inside, is scanning for her 
           like her mad. Then notices that several of the younger, 
           prettier girls on the plane aren’t in line. To the Old Woman:

                                 GERRY
                        Where did my friend go? The Women?

                                 OLD WOMAN
                        Quiet.

           Still scanning when Soldier hands are suddenly all over him. 
           Ripping into his pockets. His phone taken. A roll of multi-
           national currency. And Captain Speke’s ring is ripped from 
           his jacket pocket - Gerry had forgot about it.

           He reflexively, shockingly, punches that Soldier: this 
           perfect-lucky shot that lands on the chin, short circuiting 
           this poor bastard’s brain. Soldier crumbles over momentarily 
           useless legs. Not out cold, but wild-eyed.

           And nobody can believe it. The other Soldiers and Passengers 
           just stare. Most smile. Gerry, disbelieving it himself, leans 
           down and just picks the ring back up, puts it on his finger. 
           The Soldier he knocked loopy, stands after two false starts, 
           glazed, sort of weaves away. Gerry expects to be beaten or 
           worse. Nothing comes. Spetsnaz begins yelling in Russian:

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        YOU LEFT RUSSIA ONCE. TOOK ALL YOUR 
                        THINGS. NOW YOU EXPECT TO COME HOME 
                        WITHOUT REPERCUSSION. WITHOUT A 
                        SECOND THOUGHT ABOUT FOOD, WATER?

           4 soldiers step to within 5 feet of the line. Chatting to 
           each other, 2 of the 4 smoking cigarettes. One popping a new 
           clip into his AK-47. Another blows dust out of the chamber. 
           Then they aim at the line. We cringe: a firing squad.

           Other Soldiers and Civilians, most handcuffed and several 
           beaten, are added to the line now. Gerry scanning, finds it 
           impossible to believe that he’s actually in front of a firing 
           squad...can’t be...

           Spetsnaz raises his arm. Gerry’s eyes go wide. Unconsciously 
           raising his hands in futile defense. But instead of dropping 
           his arm, Spetsnaz yells something in Russian much longer than 
           “FIRE.” And instead of gunshots, the person at the furthest 
           end of the line barks, Gerry’s head snaps that way to try to 
           read what’s going on...
                                 END OF LINE
                        Ah-DEEN.

           Then the next person barks:

                                 NEXT PERSON
                        Dva.

           And so on until it gets to the Old Woman:

                                 OLD WOMAN
                        Shest.

           Then she turns to Gerry and says in an her accented English:

                                 OLD WOMAN (CONT’D)
                        Say ‘see-em’

           Gerry hesitates, soldiers start screaming-

                                 OLD WOMAN (CONT’D)
                        -means ‘seven.’

                                 GERRY
                        SEE-EM.

           And so on until the whole line has counted off...

                                 SPETSNAZ
                             (subtitled now)
                        4s, and, uh, 6s step forward.

           Which they all do. Haltingly. Gerry wide-eyed, watching the 
           Old Lady step forward. No real clue what’s going on. 8 people 
           total. The 4 Soldiers with the AKs and the cigarettes stand 
           near the first 4 in the line of 8...

                                 SPETSNAZ (CONT’D)
                        You’ve been sentenced to 
                        ‘involuntary conservation.’

           Gerry still trying to glean the meaning of the foreign words 
           when suddenly those 4 soldiers fire at the four right in 
           front of them. Before he can even comprehend what happened, 
           the 4 soldiers have stepped down to the next 4: the Old Lady.

                                 GERRY
                        STOP THIS! NOT HER-

           -3 fire. The one standing over the Old Lady doesn’t. Gerry 
           steps to her just as Spetsnaz snatches the rifle from the 
           suddenly reluctant Executioner-
                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        -LOOK AT ME! DON’T DO THAT! SHE’S A-

           -pulls the trigger while indeed looking at Gerry. Turns and 
           shrugs at the Soldier who demurred, as if to say: ‘c’mon 
           man.’ Then nonchalantly:

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        2s, 5s, 8s, 9s step back.

           Gerry just stays still, staring at Spetsnaz, understanding 
           only that he now hates this little man.

                                 SPETSNAZ (CONT’D)
                        You’re sentenced to locomotion.

           2 of the 4 Executioners bark at that group, hustle them 
           toward a stairwell in the corner, leading underground...

                                 SPETSNAZ (CONT’D)
                        1s, 3s, 7s, 10s sentenced to path 
                        clearing. Working together with 
                        locomotion, you will relieve the 
                        desperate...

           Gerry recognizes the word for seven, but that’s all. The 
           remaining 2 Executioners bark at Gerry and the other 1s, 3s, 
           7s and 10s. Spetsnaz yells something himself now. One of the 
           Executioners holds up the line while the other grabs Gerry, 
           walks him over to Spetsnaz. Search the little man’s vicious 
           mug, trying to figure what comes next...in solid English:

                                 SPETSNAZ (CONT’D)
                        American?

           Gerry doesn’t answer.

                                 SPETSNAZ (CONT’D)
                        Zombies gutted your country-

                                 GERRY
                        -murderer.

           Spetsnaz frowns, grabs Gerry hard by the chin.

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        I sentenced them-

                                 GERRY
                        -what ever helps you sleep-

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        -SHOOTING YOU WOULD!
           Gerry immediately moderates his tone back to conversational:

                                 GERRY
                        So long as you don’t sentence me...

           Spetsnaz gets that he looks ridiculous, even if no one else 
           present speaks much English. Lets go. Then produces Gerry’s 
           phone from his own chest pocket. Gerry can’t help but look at 
           it like it’s some talisman...whoever possesses it isn’t 
           forced to give themselves over to the new world completely.

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        Power cord?

                                 GERRY
                             (lifts his arms)
                        Steal that too.

           Spetsnaz slaps Gerry. Hard. But Gerry has already cast 
           Spetsnaz as the slow Bully. Spetsnaz orders another to rifle 
           Gerry’s pockets. Finds the charger. Spetsnaz Looks at it...

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        European adapter?

           Gerry silent. Spetsnaz shrugs, drops the phone in a chest 
           pocket as though he’s always owned it. Gerry shoved toward 
           the stairs heading down. We can hear screams now from below. 
           Mad screams. And just as Gerry, sure he’s running into some 
           torturous death, hits the top stair, the Kid he knocked loopy 
           appears out of nowhere, swinging his rifle by the muzzle, so 
           that it hits Gerry’s head like a baseball bat hits a ball...

                                                        FLASH TO BLACK.

           INT. DANK, DARK SUBWAY CAR - TIME UNKNOWN

           Packed. Two men in tattered uniforms holding candles. 
           Illuminating dozens of scared, drawn faces. Wide-eyed and/or 
           dead-eyed. Subway car moving slowly through a pitch-black 
           tunnel. We’re in the midst of a subtitled conversation among 
           some of the passengers, all under-dressed, under-fed:

                                 MAN #1
                        What does ‘path clearing’ mean?

           Literally light at the end of the tunnel now. Dim. Everybody 
           turns to look. We’re coming into a massive, stunning Moscow 
           subway station. Faded Soviet murals line both walls: square-
           jawed, sun-kissed peasantry making tractors, buildings dams, 
           harvesting wheat. Inoperable chandeliers hang intermittently 
           along the apex of the vaulted roof.
                                 WOMAN #1
                        What else could it mean?

           The dim light comes from hundreds of candles, that illuminate 
           dozens of Men and Women already on the platform, waiting for 
           us like Ghosts. Car stops. Deathly quiet. And then women in 
           equally tattered uniforms yank open the doors from the 
           inside: the nails of their fingers broken and scabbed from 
           doing this hundreds of times - their job. We step out...

           INT. SUBWAY STATION - NEXT MOMENT

           Expect similar barking as the Hangar. But the Ghosts are 
           quiet. Everything about them: voices, movements. Like a 
           culture.

                                 WOMAN #2
                             (whispers to #1)
                        Oh my God. Why are we down here-

                                 GERRY (O.C.)
                             (in Russian, cri de coeur 
                              we heard from Spetsnaz)
                        -to relieve the desperate.

           Gerry’s voice makes us jump. He’s one of the ghosts waiting 
           on the platform. Squatting down right in front of the doors 
           of the car we just exited. Full beard. Wearing Speke’s ring. 
           20 pounds lighter now, but more ferocious-looking.

           Similarly, there are “ghosts” in front of all the subway 
           cars, waiting for the new “recruits” to all step out.

           An even gaunter man stands next to Gerry: SIMON. Both Gerry 
           and he hold things that look like hellish, hand-made shovels. 
           Each slightly different from the other though - not made by a 
           factory but by experience, by hand, on the fly. Each about 4 
           feet long with these sort of ergonomically curved shafts and 
           baton handles for easy swinging, thrusting. The shovel part 
           is filed down like a large spade or trowel, then sharpened to 
           a razor’s edge. We’ll come to know this weapon as a LOBO.

           Our POV switches to Gerry’s. Looking at 17 mostly young and 
           middle aged men and women who stare back at him. And now we 
           see the subway car start moving again - but none of the 
           concomitant electrified swoosh of power. And as it passes 
           through our POV, we finally see what Spetsnaz meant by 
           “locomotion”: a silent, wretched horde of people push the 
           subway cars to make them go. Modern galley slaves.

           And when Gerry speaks, he does so in a very low voice. The 
           idea he hasn’t spoken any louder than this in some time. 
           Everything in Russian unless otherwise noted:
                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                             (English)
                        Nothing above a whisper for the 
                        rest of your lives.

                                 SIMON
                             (translating)
                        Don’t speak louder than a whisper 
                        until you die. Sounds harsh, but 
                        when you realize you’ll be dead in 
                        a few hours it gets easier.

           Quiet, scared moment...

                                 MAN #2
                        How long have you been down here?

                                 SIMON
                             (beat, thinking)
                        Are there leaves on the trees?

           They all sort of go gape-mouthed at that...

                                 WOMAN #3
                        No.

                                 MAN #2
                        How have you survived?

                                 SIMON
                             (nodding to Gerry)
                        By doing exactly what he says.

           Silence now as Gerry says nothing just now. The very quiet 
           din of something massive going on in the world above, but 
           still far off...the recruits hear it, tune into it...

                                 MAN #3
                        What is that?

                                 GERRY
                             (English to Simon)
                        Where they from?

                                 SIMON
                             (to the recruits)
                        You from the Camps?

           Yes nods.

                                 SIMON (CONT’D)
                             (English to Gerry)
                        Camps we heard about in the South.
                                 WOMAN #4
                        They’re all overrun.

                                 SIMON
                             (English to Gerry)
                        Gone now.

                                 GERRY
                        Of course they are.

                                 MAN #3
                             (pointing up again)
                        What is that?

                                 SIMON
                             (hard suddenly, annoyed)
                        Where we’ve been headed since there 
                        were leaves. If you’re worth your 
                        weight, we’ll be there by morning.

           Gerry stands now: just behind him is a mound of gear: 
           jackets, gloves, scarves, boots, hats. Silently begins 
           outfitting these people just like Speke’s crew once outfitted 
           him. And even his movements are different now. Economical. On 
           the balls of his feet. Silent by habit.

           Stacks of magazines and newspapers nearby as well, along with 
           ratty rolls of duct and masking tape. He starts wrapping 
           Woman #1’s arms in old copies of the Russian edition of 
           Rolling Stone - Springsteen on the cover. Taping it to her 
           like low rent armor. The others, studying everything Gerry 
           does now, begin doing the same for themselves.

                                 GERRY
                             (in limited Russian)
                        Not fashion. If it fits it fights.

           Next, Gerry points her, and by extension all the rest, to 
           piles of bladed weapons: axes, machetes, butcher knives, 
           sledge hammers, etc. And lined up against the wall behind 
           these medieval piles are makeshift shields: sections of old 
           doors, car hoods, and desktops with nylon or leather straps 
           nailed into them for handles. Low slots cut in each - at what 
           would be knee level for an adult standing on the other side. 
           Several marred with blood stains. They all blanch as Simon 
           points at the Magazine Gerry taped around #1’s arm. English:

                                 SIMON
                        Springsteen?

           A game he and Gerry play...

                                 GERRY
                        Alive. Of course. How dare you.
                                 SIMON
                        He’s dead for sure.

                                 GERRY
                        You say everyone is dead...

           Some of those other “teams” led by the other Ghosts begin 
           heading down different tunnels and access ways now. All the 
           leaders, Gerry and Simon included, silently wave or nod to 
           each other - a history between them all we weren’t privy to.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                             (to Simon re: these new 
                              recruits)
                        Tell them to hurry it up. We’ll 
                        train them while we walk-

                                 SIMON
                        -the Boss was Democrat, liberal. I 
                        bet he died during benefit concert 
                        thrown for ‘Zeke.’

                                 GERRY
                        Boss is immortal. Even Zs know the 
                        words to Thunder Road.

           Simon laughs small. Then silence. Candles casting shadows. 
           The noise of that massive event above-ground seems closer...

                                 SIMON
                        What do you think is up there?

                                 GERRY
                        I’ll worry about that if we clear 
                        this last piece. Now would you tell 
                        them what I said?

                                 SIMON
                        The rate at which you’re picking up 
                        the language is sort of sad.

           INT. DARK TUNNEL - SOME UNKNOWN TIME LATER

           Walking. They all carry candles in one hand, basic knives in 
           the other. Their larger weapons and shields slung. The 
           Rookies wide-eyed. Simon and Gerry wary but not nervous. 

           The candle light playing off the walls in ghoulish ways - 
           until it’s not: the tunnel walls just fall as we come into 
           some larger station.
           INT. OLDER, DIFFERENT STATION - NEXT MOMENT

           Still impressive if judged by what little we see in the 
           candle light. Grand, Soviet-era sculptures of workers loom on 
           either side of the tunnel mouth from which we emerge. The 
           side of the face of one has fallen off: the positively Greek 
           jaw and cheek lay across the tracks. We move around it...

           5 more seconds of moving. Then we stop. More quiet seconds 
           save the echoes from above. POV switches. Gerry all alone 
           suddenly in the middle of the tracks. Tight on his face now. 
           Silent. And then, contrary to everything we’ve seen from him 
           over these last several scenes, he lets out a deep, quick, 
           shocking, rebel yell...then just waits. More seconds pass. 
           And then very slowly we think we start hear something else 
           besides the echoes above. Still tight on his face:

                                 GERRY
                             (back to Monkish quiet)
                        Work as a team.

           Simon translating everything somewhere nearby, off-camera.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Your life is less important than 
                        the lives on either side of you. 
                        Keep your mouths shut so I can draw 
                        them off if I have to...

           Pull back: the rest of the “team” arrayed in a line 20 yards 
           behind Gerry. Using the makeshift shields to form a sort of 
           TORTOISE formation - think Roman Legions. The Strong and 
           Heavy squat, one arm strapped to those large door-sized 
           shields with the low slits for cutting into Z knees - thick 
           stubby blades for hacking bone in their free hands. These 
           shields all flush with one another - they’re collectively 
           called THE ROOT.

           Standing behind them, with smaller shields and longer weapons 
           are the weaker and lighter whose focus are Z necks/spines - 
           collectively called THE SHAVERS. Then on either side of this 
           line you have FLANK GUARDS. Simon on the right flank with his 
           Lobo. Three of the largest Men on the left flank, armed with 
           smaller shields and long weapons.

           Gerry though just holds his spot way out front. POINT. Alone 
           with nothing but his Lobo. Flickering candle makes the scene 
           look like something conjured by Dante. Noise louder now... 

           And then out of the mouth of that opposite tunnel comes the 
           footfalls of dozens of Zs, charging up the wide tracks right 
           at us. Echoes of teeth snapping. Seconds pass...and now the 
           candle light starts to show the first hints of them: 20 yards 
           and closing. 
           Gerry turns slightly now, both minimizing his silhouette and 
           coiling to strike at once - Zs right on top of us. 
           Anticipation. Then they go right by us - Gerry simply letting 
           the first dozen run past - his whole focus on one Z in 
           particular, running right at him.

           We hear those first dozen who flew by hammer into the 
           tortoise formation behind Gerry...and now he swings. 
           Decapitates the Z he was locked onto - head flies past 
           Gerry’s right side, body slides past his left.

           And Gerry displays skills we didn’t know he had. He’s a new 
           sort of William Wallace: the same heavy, brutal, but expert 
           skill at butchering an enemy. Attacking dozens of Zs from his 
           stationary spot as they storm past him, taking legs-heads-
           arms with each virtually soundless swing. Then he lets loose 
           this small but loud:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        POP.

           All the Zs running past stop, focus right on him...

                                                                CUT TO:

           And half the Zs slamming into the Tortoise formation stop, 
           turn, charge back at Gerry - he’s giving the rookies time to 
           gather themselves, fight a more manageable number. But one of 
           the rookies in the Root, adrenaline-infused, sticks the hand 
           gripping a long hunting knife too far out the slit of his 
           shield. Bitten immediately, through his glove...

           Woman #1 is THE SWEEPER: the person who waits behind the 
           lines, poised to amputate or kill bite victims before they 
           turn. But now she stands frozen. Simon, swinging his Lobo 
           with less skill than Gerry but getting the job done all the 
           same, glimpses this. In a loud whisper that causes some of 
           the Zs who had just peeled off to charge back at the line:

                                 SIMON
                        CUT THAT HAND OFF!

                                 WOMAN #1
                        I CAN’T-

                                 SIMON
                        -THEN STAB HIM OR THE LINE-

           -she does. Hard. We never see it. Man #2 and Man #3, who have 
           been part of the crew manning the flank opposite Simon, turn 
           now, dive into this part of the line while one holds the 
           door, shaking with fear, the other unbuckles the dead man’s 
           arm, buckles himself into the shield...
           Back to Gerry: destroying the wave he just drew off as he 
           makes his way back to the Tortoise. Ragged breaths...

           Back to the Tortoise: the man bitten on the hand wasn’t 
           killed. Suddenly bites Man #2 and Man #3 almost within the 
           same second. Line panics, starts to break apart - Gerry 
           appears from the darkness suddenly, decapitates both men, 
           then stomps the face of that first man bitten.

           And like that it’s over. Quick as it started. The only sound 
           is the friction of Zs still able to drag themselves...

                                 GERRY
                             (in the calm whisper)
                        Hesitation is murder in this place.

           Simon translates.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                             (in Russian now)
                        Stow blades. Pull hammers.

           Gerry slings his Lobo over his back, pulls an 15-pound 
           sledge. They all do the same with their respective weapons. 
           And while the whole unit watches, Gerry steps to the nearest 
           crawler - coughs - this Z with no eyes suddenly snapping 
           right at him - it’s few remaining teeth shattering. Gerry 
           rears up like he’s going to drive a railroad spike, and just 
           as he torques his whole body into the downstroke-

                                                                CUT TO:

           -staring up at a manhole cover. Through the pry holes we can 
           see daylight - interrupted constantly by what looks like 
           heavy foot traffic over top. Garbled echoes of screams, 
           battle. Pronounced lack of gunfire save the faint reports of 
           solitary rifle cracks in the middle distance...

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Relieve the desperate.

                                 SIMON (O.C.)
                        My God. We made it. How many days?

                                 GERRY
                        How many people.

           A look, a breath. Then Gerry charges up the ladder. Getting 
           closer to the natural light causes our eyes to squint. At the 
           top, Gerry uses his neck and shoulder to get the manhole 
           cover off - and goes nearly blind now as this is the first 
           daylight he’s seen in weeks.
           For the first ten seconds of the scene, we can barely see. 
           Obvious though that something awful and massive is going on 
           around us. A rush of some sort of green color past us - we’re 
           run over now - hear something snap. The next second were 
           being trampled: vague shapes of boot soles and bodies 
           tripping, falling on us. Expect to hear snapping jaws and 
           breaking teeth now...but we get to our fours, crawl away 
           heedless until were not being trampled. Stand back up, just 
           as somebody pushes something into our hand. In Russian:

                                 UNSEEN PERSON
                        I won’t need them...

           Gerry feeling whatever it is...sunglasses...puts them on: a 
           scratched, beaten pair of terrible wrap-around Gucci knock-
           offs. And we take in the scene through this scratched POV...

           In white font: The Battle of Red Square

           EXT. RED SQUARE - AFTERNOON

           The first thing we see is what snapped - worse than a bone - 
           a 1-foot section his Lobo handle is gone. Then he lifts his 
           eyes: St. Basil’s cathedral looms right in front of us. The 
           Kremlin to our left, sporadic muzzle flashes coming from the 
           Spasskaya Clock Tower. Gerry, his breath visible in the 
           gathering cold, just spins now, gape-mouthed...

           We’re near the middle of a square formation. Each side of the 
           square is about 1/5 of a mile long, made up of throngs of 
           human beings arranged in packed lines that bulge and sway as 
           they fight off Seas of Zs filling all those wide, notable 
           Moscow Avenues feeding Red Square. They fight with edged or 
           blunt weapons. No rhyme to it though, no strategy, only a few 
           with shields of any kind. Most just fighting not to die.

           Inside this square is a de facto tent city. Smoke hanging 
           over it from 100 different cooking and warming fires. Gerry 
           sees Men asleep in lean-tos or just on the ground wrapped in 
           bags and/or blankets. Despite the fact that deafening 
           medieval combat is going on 10 yards away.

           Long tables set up at which men stand and drink vodka, eat 
           black bread and whatever canned good they’re lucky enough to 
           pull from nearby piles of thousands of cans - 3 minute breaks 
           before jumping back into the fray. Two dozen latrine holes 
           have been jack-hammered into the street. Lines at each, save 
           the 5 that Men are pouring lighter fluid into, setting them 
           afire to burn off the waste.

           In the very center are 3 cherry-picker style trucks once used 
           by Russian utility companies. 
           Only one is being used though: this ANCIENT GENERAL who’s 
           screaming something repetitive into a megaphone, seemingly 
           right at Gerry...

           And only now does Gerry remember the manhole he just climbed 
           out of. Turns back: that green rush that was trampling him 
           was this stream of dirty Men in Military Uniform, going down 
           the ladder Gerry just came up. Deserting. A line of Men with 
           a hodge-podge of the only firearms we have actually seen so 
           far (save Spasskaya), are protecting this retreat: civilians 
           trying to follow are shot/scattered.

                                 GERRY
                        SIMON?

                                 SIMON (O.C.)
                        THESE ASSHOLES DON’T LOOK 
                        DESPERATE...WE’VE BEEN HAD...

           Last of the Uniforms goes down the ladder now. Simon charges 
           up it. Gerry gives him the sunglasses - and Simon instantly 
           dumbfounded by the immediate world too. Rest of their Rookie 
           Team up the ladder - pissing off these men with guns who 
           covered the retreat: yanking our Rookies out, yelling at them 
           to hurry, so these Gunmen can follow the fleeing Soldiers. 
           Ancient General still yelling in the megaphone.

                                 GERRY
                        What’s he saying?

                                 SIMON
                        ‘Cowards. Cowards. Cowards.’

           Gerry and Simon watch a 13 year-old girl run 4 feet behind 
           one of the lines with a can of paint, spraying more or less a 
           straight line all the way down the 1/4 mile length. She’s 
           actually painting a new line - because we can see the 
           frontline is now standing on an older painted line: losing.

           Every 3 or 4 seconds people step away from the fight, over 
           this painted line. Most keep hustling off to take breaks, get 
           sleep, etc. Others stop though, throw their hands up, scream 
           something, and within the next second they’re shot dead by 
           one of those muzzle flashes from Spasskaya Tower. Gerry and 
           Simon see two men die this way. One with just bitten fingers. 

           Both quickly stripped by pre-teen kids: THE VULTURE CORPS. A 
           couple of whom identify the bite wound, hold high a thumbs-up 
           gesture back to Spasskaya Tower, then go back to scavenging. 
           A half dozen carry away the clothes. Another half dozen carry 
           away the carcasses.
                                 GERRY
                        They’re not amputating. Just 
                        killing.

                                 SIMON
                        It’s Russia.

           Gerry scanning, thinking - habit by now. The rest of the Team 
           with him, huddling close, blinking out the day blindness. The 
           last of the Gunmen covering the retreat stepping onto the 
           ladder. Gerry watching him...then suddenly sprints right at 
           him. And before he gets his waist under the street, Gerry 
           roughly grabs the guy’s knife out of it’s sheath - then we 
           see why he’s doing this: three grenades on the guy’s belt.

           Gerry holds the knife to this Gunman’s throat. Yells from 
           both him and those below. Simon hustles over, undoes the 
           belt/takes the grenades. Gerry takes the knife away. The 
           gunman starts climbing down fast now. Gerry uses his feet to 
           close the manhole cover just as bullets hit it. The Ancient 
           General through that megaphone, aimed right at us:

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        GET UP! AND MOVE!
                             (pointing behind)
                        MUSLIMS!
                             (to his left)
                        JEWS!
                             (to his right)
                        CHRISTIANS!
                             (over our heads)
                        ATHEISTS! MOVE OR DIE!

           Simon translating everything for Gerry:

                                 SIMON
                        Lines separated by faith: Muslims-
                        Jews-Christians-Atheists-

           The Rookies don’t want to leave Gerry.

                                 WOMAN #1
                             (in Russian)
                        Let’s all go to one line...

           And this is the first time Gerry has actually been able to 
           see his team in full light - their faces, hues: a cross-
           section of ages, ethnicities...Gerry thinking. Megaphone 
           still blaring in the b/g. We get antsy. A warning shot from 
           Spasskaya hits right in the middle of them. Huge flinch.
                                 GERRY
                        No. Go to your religion...but teach 
                        them how to fight our way. Be the 
                        example...

           Simon translates. Then Gerry, in Russian:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Relieve the desperate.

           They all reluctantly scatter now: 5 Jews, 9 Christians, 3 
           Muslims. Simon to Gerry:

                                 SIMON
                        We’re Atheists then I guess...

           As they run to the line, the Ancient General keeps barking:

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL 
                             (points up at the massive 
                              clock in Spasskaya Tower)
                        -FIGHT 3 HOURS FOR 3 MINUTES BREAK! 
                        3 SHIFTS OF THAT FOR 3 HOURS SLEEP!

                                 SIMON
                        3 hours fighting, 3 minutes break. 
                        Do that three times over for 3 
                        hours sleep-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -PAINTED LINE IS THE HERO LINE! IF 
                        YOU’RE BITTEN, STEP OVER, RAISE 
                        ARMS, SCREAM ‘I’VE DONE MY DUTY-’

                                 SIMON
                        -if you’re bitten, step over that 
                        line put up your hands, get shot 
                        before you turn. Tips appreciated-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -IF YOU’RE BITTEN AND DON’T DO YOUR 
                        DUTY, YOUR GOD WILL KNOW YOU DAMNED 
                        BROTHERS AND SISTERS OF THE FAITH-

                                 SIMON
                        -segregate us by religion hoping 
                        that people would rather be shot 
                        than turn on fellow faithful.

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        FIGHT FOR YOUR MOTHER RUSSIA!
           EXT. ATHEIST LINE - DAY

           Gerry and Simon running the length of the line, looking for a 
           thin/precarious spot. A man comes limping out of the line, 
           fast and crying, right in front of them. His foot gushing 
           blood. And just as he’s about to throw his arms up. Gerry and 
           Simon grab him, take him down. Like this is something they’ve 
           done 100 times before - instinct.

                                 GERRY
                        BREATHE!

           And Simon simply amputates the foot with one swing of his 
           Lobo - again and always unseen.

           INT. SPASSKAYA CLOCK TOWER - SAME MOMENT

           Over the shoulder of one of the Sniper Teams. SHOOTER and 
           SPOTTER. Spotter stares through a high power scope unattached 
           to a rifle. Multiple Rolexes on his left wrist. Expensive, 
           dirty Patagonia sleeping bag around his shoulders. Russian:

                                 SPOTTER
                        Jesus - Atheist line-

                                 SHOOTER
                        -saw it. Sick Bastards.

                                 SPOTTER
                        Take them all.

           Just as the Shooter depresses the trigger-

                                 SPOTTER (CONT’D)
                        -WAIT.

           Spotter’s POV now. Through his scope: sees Speke’s West Point 
           graduation ring on Gerry’s finger, Gerry still holding down 
           the Man he and Simon just saved...

                                 SHOOTER
                        WHAT?

                                 SPOTTER
                        West Point. American Army. Hold. 
                        Lets see what he’s doing...

           EXT. ATHEIST LINE - SAME MOMENT

           Gerry opens his jacket: a dozen precut tourniquets made of 
           thin rags and shoelaces. He gives one to Simon to tie. Simon 
           to the Amputee, in Russian:
                                 SIMON
                        Keep your eyes open no matter what.

           Simon ties it. Scream. Then he and Gerry help the man up and 
           over to one of the Vodka tables: and what seems like everyone 
           in tent city is watching them, wide-eyed and dumbstruck at 
           these two unlikely, macabre Angels. Including the Ancient 
           General up above. Simon yells at them all: 

                                 SIMON (CONT’D)
                        IF YOU’RE BITTEN ON HAND OR FOOT IT 
                        CAN BE CUT OFF! LIFE‘S TOO PRECIOUS 
                        TO WASTE OVER SOMETHING SO TRIVIAL 
                        AS A LEG...

           Others join them, help lay the Man on the table.

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL  (O.C.)
                             (megaphone)
                        YOU TWO...

           Gerry and Simon, bloody, holding the man still, look up...

           EXT. RED SQUARE - MOMENTS LATER

           Standing at the base of the Cherry Picker. Basket brought 
           down low, just a few feet above Simon and Gerry. Simon 
           talking in Russian. Gerry watching, waiting.

                                 SIMON
                        Said he was Special Representative 
                        of the UN Secretary General...

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        Quite a title. Think he’s lying?

                                 SIMON
                        No.

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        How did he get into Russia?

                                 SIMON
                        Just lucky I guess.

           Gerry watching the lines: sees his Rookies teaching by 
           example. The Muslim Line picking up the basics of the 
           Tortoise quickest. Then he interrupts, to Simon, but as 
           though he’s talking to the General:
                                 GERRY
                        If our people can come out of their 
                        lines, they can teach those on 
                        break how to make more shields, 
                        really put in play the tactics we 
                        use down in the tunnels...

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                             (beat, then in English)
                        Better the Devil you know than the 
                        Devil you don’t, young man. One 
                        hole in one line is how we lost the 
                        City. Another hole is how we were 
                        pushed back into this patch. One 
                        more hole and Russia dies...

                                 GERRY
                        Then the Devil you know is still 
                        death...just drawn out over some 
                        longer period of time...

           General silent. Gerry thinking. Then he holds up the 
           purloined grenades:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Let me go back down into the 
                        tunnels-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -I don’t control it down there-

                                 GERRY
                        -but you do those Snipers who might 
                        take my head the second I touch 
                        that manhole cover - I’ll find a 
                        way to get behind the Zs fighting 
                        the Muslim line - they’re doing the 
                        best - best chance at an example 
                        for the others. I can use the 
                        grenades to make a noise big enough 
                        to draw off some of the pressure. 
                        Give them time to get even more 
                        shields into place, quicker...

                                                                CUT TO:

           Candle light illuminating the black again.

           INT. DARK TUNNELS - LATER

           Gerry and Simon sprinting. Zs on their heels. Holding candles 
           in one wax-covered hand, slashing any Zs that pop out in 
           front of them with short blades held in the other.
           Silent. Making turns at the same time - they know it down 
           here. Sprint over the remnants of one of the other teams that 
           formed back in the first subway station. We recognize the 
           leader who nodded to us as he disappeared: bites on his face, 
           a broad sword sticking from his chest. Shields, weapons, and 
           humans killed before they turned lie scattered.

           Come to a stairwell finally. Charge up it like this was the 
           plan all along...

           INT. DARK STAIRWELL - NEXT MOMENT

           Taking the stairs two at a time. Gasping. Get to a door. Kick 
           through it-

           EXT. OLD MOSCOW NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT

           -Outside again. Cold night. Light snow just starting. Slam 
           the door behind them, begin throwing any and all rubble in 
           front of it. Door hit by Zs the same second - bites snap 
           inches from Gerry’s face as he keeps stacking rubble. Simon 
           does his best to sever everything that pokes through the 
           crack, without severing Gerry. They get a very temporary 
           barrier in place.

                                 SIMON
                        It won’t hold...

           Then they turn back around: well behind the Muslim lines.

                                 SIMON (CONT’D)
                        Alright Sparky, what do you want 
                        blow up?

           But Gerry is transfixed on something now. Just tight on his 
           face, the big plumes of steam billowing with each exhale. 
           Then we take his POV: a block down this street is a 
           smoldering fire - has almost burnt itself out. But standing 
           around it and even in the smoke, is a mass of Zs.

           Shivering straggling Zs walk right past us, very slowly, 
           making their way to it as well...

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:
           EXT. JERUSALEM - DAY

           (The intense, bright sunshine of the scene stands out now in 
           stark relief relative to Russia) Gerry turns to look back 
           (and we remember how his brow was drenched with sweat here) 
           and in lockstep with the audience, notices something truly 
           horrific now:

                                 GERRY
                        GOOD GOD - THEY ARE FASTER HERE-

                                                             RETURN TO:

           Old Moscow neighborhood. Gerry and Simon standing, shivering.

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        Temperature. The Russian Winter.

                                 SIMON
                             (nervous, annoyed)
                        Is really cold.

                                 GERRY
                        Is going to save us again.

                                 SIMON
                        What? Just throw the grenades.

                                 GERRY
                        No.
                             (scans the block again)
                        The buildings are wood. Fires will 
                        start. Whole blocks could go up. 
                        Moscow could go up...with no fire 
                        department it’d burn all winter. 
                             (beat)
                        And the Zs will stay thawed. How do 
                        we get back down for here?

                                 SIMON
                             (his turn to scan)
                        Ploschad Revolutsii Metro Station 
                        is two blocks over...

           They breathe deep, then take off across the street. Cold Zs 
           give greatly-impaired chase, but sure enough the ones closest 
           to the dying fire turn, chase as fast we’ve seen this side of 
           Israel. Gerry’s head turned as he sprints: sees this all.
           INT. SUBWAY STATION - NEXT MOMENT

           Leaping down grand, dirty marble stares two at a time. A leap 
           onto the tracks - still being chased - echoes of Zs falling 
           down those marble stairs. Again, both turn at the same time, 
           up the same tunnels, seem to know exactly where they are, 
           where to go next. Jump onto a raised platform about 50 yards 
           up the train tunnel, throw open the door- 

           INT. GENERATOR ROOM - NEXT MOMENT

           -Gerry and Simon stop almost immediately. The room is already 
           lit bright with big candles. An assortment of people sit on 
           ugly couches. Gerry remembers to close the door, bolts a lock 
           shut. Quietly. One of the guys on the Couch, head down, in an 
           expensive leather bomber jacket, speaks in a slurred Russian:

                                 COUCH #1
                        Who forgot to lock the door?

           The sound of Zs running past outside now. Gerry steps deeper 
           into into the room - and one of three women in dresses stand 
           up from the couch, her eyes locked on Gerry’s: SEGEN. They 
           lock eyes. No words between them. Just a look in which we get 
           the score: she doesn’t want to be here.

                                 COUCH #1 (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Sit down. Welcome to the End.

           Gerry turns to look at the man speaking, and gets a second 
           shock: Spetsnaz. And through Spetsnaz’s intoxicated haze, we 
           see his eyes narrow with the beginnings of recognition of 
           Gerry. Other men staring at Simon and Gerry now too...Gerry 
           noticing several rifles leaning against walls, boxes of 
           liquor. Simon slyly hands him the belt with the grenades. 
           Segen sees this, steps back, looks for cover. Spetsnaz stands 
           now...slurs:

                                 COUCH #1/SPETSNAZ
                        European adapter?

           Gerry just pulls the pin on one of the grenades, holding the 
           safety lever. Still no words. Then Spetsnaz sneers. In a sort 
           of placating tone to his friends, in Russian:

                                 SPETSNAZ
                        He’s an American. It’s bravado. He 
                        won’t finish. American. Worried 
                        about his hair.

                                 SIMON
                        He says you won’t do-
           -Gerry tosses the grenade into the middle of the room before 
           Simon even gets the sentence finished. People scramble. Segen 
           screams at the girls she’s with - they jump behind the ratty 
           sofa they’ve been sitting on - explosion rocks the room. 
           Segen choking smoke. Can’t see anything. Hand grabs her, 
           lifts her.

                                 GERRY (OBSCURED)
                        Can you run?

                                 SIMON (OBSCURED)
                        Can you fight?

           EXT. RED SQUARE - NIGHT

           Tight on Segen’s face taking in the Square for the first 
           time. Wears standard-issue scrounge now instead of that 
           dress. Flares shot up from the Cherry Pickers light her tired 
           face. She stands near the Cherry Picker with Gerry and Simon. 
           The General looking down at them. Snowing hard now.

                                 GERRY
                        Sir it’s the Cold - that’s how we 
                        stop it - they’re slower in the 
                        cold - I’ve been all over the World 
                        and this is the-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -you didn’t do what you promised.

                                 GERRY
                        Please, believe me, douse every 
                        cooking fire, every warming fire. 
                        And commit everyone and everything-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -you wanna die sooner than later, 
                        just don’t have stomach for suicide-

                                 GERRY
                             (loses his cool)
                        -NO SIR!
                             (moderates)
                        I want more than anything to beat 
                        them. Because if I can do that I 
                        might see my children again...
                             (beat)
                        Use the cold like Peter did against 
                        Charles the XII, Kutuzov against 
                        Napoleon, Zhukov against Hitler. 
                        This how we beat them. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 GERRY (CONT'D)
                        Capitalize on this gift from God by 
                        throwing everyone in together, 
                        fighting the way we know from the 
                        tunnels, human beings shoulder-to-
                        shoulder: working as one-

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        -people will freeze to death. 
                        Tonight...

                                 GERRY
                        Maybe me among them...

           That moment, the bells of Spasskaya Tower peel with the new 
           hour. Many of the men and women who had been sleeping jump 
           up, grab their weapons, spit, grab shots of vodka, and sprint 
           back into the fray. As they do, others fall out of battle, go 
           back to those same sleeping bags and blankets, hitting the 
           vodka and/or the latrines on the way. Ancient General hoists 
           the megaphone:

                                 ANCIENT GENERAL
                        ALL UP! ALL FIRES OUT! ALL FIGHT 
                        NOW UNTIL VICTORY OR DEATH! PUT 
                        YOUR FAITH IN OUR WINTER! AND OUR 
                        VODKA! NO SLEEP!

           Gerry turns sees more of the lines actually using the 
           shields, tactics. Tries to sit Segen in a sleeping bag.

                                 GERRY
                        You okay?

                                 SEGEN
                        Don’t ever ask me that again. Give 
                        me a weapon. Show me what to do.

                                                                CUT TO:

           All three, Gerry, Segen, and Simon, hitting the lines again. 
           It doesn’t matter which. Fighting shoulder to shoulder. And 
           Gerry notices almost immediately that the frontline is not 
           buckling or bulging backwards like it had been - actually 
           bulging forward now in spots. People too focused on the fight 
           to care about this like he does...

           And then Spetsnaz comes out of the manhole. Bloody. Broken. 
           Scans, sees Gerry, Segen, and Simon. Steps quickly now, 
           raising a gun in that nonchalant way he had, not even really 
           looking at Gerry as he begins passing behind. Gerry fighting 
           like mad, fully engaged. Knocked back by a large Z...
           Plants his foot to regain his momentum, rears back with his 
           broken Lobo to take this man’s head off, but the Lobo sticks 
           somehow in mid-air, suddenly 100 pounds heavier. Gerry turns: 
           the broken, jagged end has impaled Spetsnaz in the throat.

           Spetsnaz, bloodshot eyes wide, still fires, bullet whizzing 
           past Gerry’s head, hitting a Z. In quick succession Gerry 
           twists the Lobo to incapacitate Spetsnaz with pain, swats the 
           gun out of Spetsnaz’s grip with his off hand, reaches into 
           the inside pocket of his leather jacket on a whim: pulls his 
           phone out, pockets it himself, then kicks Spetsnaz backwards 
           across the Hero Line so that he’s now a sudden, lone figure, 
           blood pouring from his wound.

           Gerry reaches down, grabs the gun, and throws it high over 
           Spetsnaz’s head. And Spetsnaz lifts his arms to try to catch 
           it, turning as it sails just over his outstretched 
           fingers...and only then does he realize just how badly he’s 
           been played by Gerry: a muzzle flash from Spasskaya, the 
           sound a second behind, just as the bullet tears through 
           Spetsnaz’s forehead.

           Vulture Corps there the next second, stripping him, the 
           toughest of the bunch immediately putting on that bomber 
           jacket. They pull watches and gameboys and diamond rings from 
           his pockets, pocketing all themselves. One looks at 
           Spetsnaz’s ragged neck wound made by Gerry’s Lobo, pauses, 
           gives a shrugging thumbs up, like: I guess that’s a bite.

           Gerry just goes back to fighting.

                                                                CUT TO:

           Morning. Men indeed frozen to death. People cry over dead 
           friends, too aggrieved/exhausted to pay much notice to the 
           five old Hero Lines retaken in the night. To notice that 2 of 
           the 4 Lines of Battle are literally standing on mounds of Zs 
           in some places, dozens patrolling those mounds, beheading and 
           crushing those that still present a threat. Gerry exhausted. 
           Fought through the night. Spasskaya’s bells peel.

           Finally gives himself a break. Staggers back to the table. 
           Notices only now that nobody is going behind the Hero Line. 
           Downs a shot. Sits almost under the table. Downs another. 
           Like he’s preparing himself for something difficult. Then he 
           pulls the phone. Turns it on without looking. Closes his 
           eyes. Brings the phone up to his face, then opens them: fully 
           charged. Tears well in his eyes. Begins murmuring the Lord’s 
           Prayer as he dials. Ringing. Karin answers, voice one part 
           anticipation, two parts fear:

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                        Baby?
           And he just starts crying now. Finally. And we hear Karin 
           begin to sob with joy too...neither of them able to 
           speak...then through tears:

                                 GERRY
                        I believe in God now.

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                        You always have...I knew you were 
                        out there...just not where...

                                 GERRY
                        Russia.

           Karin just laughs, small.

                                 KARIN
                        You get around.

                                 GERRY
                        I have stories for you.

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                        I’ll hear them all some day.

                                 GERRY
                        Deal. Tell the Kids they haven’t 
                        gotten rid of their Dad just yet-

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                             (emotional)
                        -no.

                                 GERRY
                             (shocked beat)
                        Why?

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                        They’ll laugh and cry and cheer...

                                 GERRY
                        That’s bad?

                                 KARIN (ON PHONE)
                        If it means people find this phone.

                                 GERRY
                             (beat, fear rising)
                        What’s happened?
           EXT. CAMP COMFORT, EVERGLADES - SWELTERING DAY

           Karin sitting in a tent. Dirt floor. Through a crack in the 
           flaps, we can see Tommie and Connie building a cooking fire, 
           a Cuban flag flapping on a standard behind them. Rachel 
           wearing the ALIVE hat. Still distant, but at least moving: 
           pouring water back and forth between a jug and cups.

           Karin doesn’t answer Gerry’s last question. Assiduously so.

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Okay...where are you right now?

                                 KARIN
                             (beat)
                        Everglades-

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        -oh no, Baby, the Cold is what will 
                        save us-

                                 KARIN
                        -what good does you telling me this 
                        now do me?

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                             (beat, not a question)
                        Wait...you can’t leave can you...

           Again, Karin says nothing. Gerry exhales. Fear in his voice.

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        Please tell me what happened...

           Karin looking at Rachel, the ALIVE hat...split-second debate 
           about whether to tell him everything...

                                 KARIN
                        Thierry’s gone, Baby. So is the UN.
                             (beat)
                        That Admiral traded all of us she 
                        deemed ‘less valuable than 
                        resources consumed.’

           Silence on the other end...

                                 KARIN (CONT’D)
                        Baby?

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Has anything happened to you? Kids?

                                 KARIN
                        No.
                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                        Would you tell me if it had?

                                 KARIN
                             (beat)
                        No.

                                 GERRY (ON PHONE)
                             (beat, fury)
                        I’m coming home.

                                 KARIN
                        Don’t be empty handed.
                             (beat, moderating)
                        Okay? Have something to trade. 
                        That’s the kind of place this is, 
                        Baby. You’d be amazed at what they 
                        trade...do you understand?

                                 TOMMIE
                        AUNT KARIN WILL THERE BE THUNDER 
                        TONIGHT?

                                 KARIN
                             (quick, panicked)
                        I love you.

           She immediately turns the phone off. Stashes it.

           EXT. RED SQUARE - SAME MOMENT

                                 GERRY
                        Karin?

           He moves to redial the number...thinks...doesn’t.

           INT. KARIN’S TENT - NEXT MOMENT

           Parajumper’s voice now from just outside:

                                 MALE VOICE (O.C.)
                        You’re not afraid of thunder are 
                        you Tommie?

                                 TOMMIE (O.C.)
                        Tomas.

                                 MALE VOICE (O.C.)
                        Boys don’t bother with cooking 
                        fires. Get to the drill field.

           Tent flap opens: Parajumper stretches...stares at her...
           EXT. RED SQUARE - NEXT MOMENT

           Gerry still sitting. Just about to turn off the phone when it 
           rings again. Answers it.

                                 GERRY
                        Baby?

                                 MALE VOICE (ON PHONE)
                        Stay wherever it is you are. Start 
                        a new life like we have.

           Gerry’s mind races...rage bubbling in his stomach...

                                 GERRY
                        Do I know you?

                                 MALE VOICE (ON PHONE)
                        Pulled you off a rooftop in Newark.

                                 GERRY
                             (beat, gets even angrier)
                        Then you know I left on a Mission-

                                 MALE VOICE (ON PHONE)
                        -I never would have...

                                 GERRY
                        And you don’t think My Wife knows 
                        that about you already?

           A moment of silence.

                                 MALE VOICE (ON PHONE)
                        Watch your tone-

                                 GERRY
                        -who does what you’re doing?

                                 MALE VOICE (ON PHONE)
                        A Man. Not a bad one. One who saw 
                        an opportunity to provide for-

                                 GERRY
                        -none of it matters when I find 
                        you.

           Gerry just hangs up. His hands shaking. Carefully puts the 
           phone back in his pocket. A loud roar goes up now on the 
           lines - the sound of some horrific set back. His rage boils.
           EXT. RED SQUARE - NEXT MOMENT

           Gerry is up and sprinting, evil in his eyes, Lobo in-hand. 
           Ready to slam into battle again, vent his hate and fear and 
           loneliness and dismembering sense of betrayal on these Zs.

           But the roar was a cheer. He sees Simon and Segen standing on 
           top of one of the buses that just yesterday was well within 
           the province of jostling Zs. Gerry climbs up with them.

           Simon turns to him, huge smile. Gerry just climbs up with 
           them, sees what they see: two of the Human lines have broken 
           through. No more backlog of Zs. They’ve broken at the center 
           and each wing is being butchered - shivering  madly, some all-
           but-incapacitated by tremors. Gray-black frostbite just 
           beginning to dapple their skin. Snapping at each other now, 
           haywire. Reserves are charging into the massive hole between 
           those two wings...

           Overhead Shot: Red Square being won back. The other lines 
           moving forward at the pace of a brisk walk. Z heads rolling, 
           gouting black blood on white snow...

           One dozen flares shoot up at once: impromptu fireworks. And 
           Men and Women fight with new found reserves, each slash and 
           thrust an exclamation point. Exultant. Capitalizing. The 
           shine from the flares gives a preternatural glow to the 
           righteous violence. The Snipers of Spasskaya, about whom 
           stories will be written, repel out of the Tower now, running 
           to keep up.

           Simon grabs Gerry’s shoulder. Widest smile we’ve ever seen.

                                 SIMON
                        Don’t let this shit go to your 
                        head. That’s what they used to 
                        whisper in Roman Generals’ ears 
                        after they won big battles.

                                 GERRY
                        That’s wrong in like five or six 
                        ways.

           Gerry doesn’t smile. He just jumps down. Several members of 
           his old ‘team’ of Rookies rush to be near him in the glorious 
           confusion. And they’re not the only ones. Gerry has this 
           following now, unbeknownst to him. Dozens of people gathered 
           around him now. Like he’s safety itself. He looks back at 
           them vaguely astonished, confused. This mass of people wait 
           for something from him. Orders maybe. 
           Then the Ancient General is driven past this little gathering 
           in the passenger seat of the Cherry Picker truck, his eyes 
           lock with Gerry’s. And the old man gives him a quick salute. 
           And only then does Gerry speak:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                        I’m going home.

           Stunned silence. Simon’s smile wanes a bit:

                                 SIMON
                        How?

                                 GERRY
                        I don’t know. Vladivostok is the 
                        home of the Russian Pacific Fleet. 
                        And the only port that won’t be 
                        frozen over.

                                 SIMON
                        And 5000 miles away from where you 
                        stand right now.

                                                              FLASH TO:

           EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY

           The ice-caked prow of a ship in the heaving Northern Pacific. 
           Gerry part of a shift pick-axing the ice off. Beard crusted. 
           Staring out at the rolling waves...

                                 GERRY (V.O.)
                        That’s a day trip...

           INT. TROOP SHIP - DIFFERENT DAY

           Cutting through moderate chop. Gerry’s beard shaved now, 
           dressed for battle again. Segen and Simon standing on either 
           side of him. Just tight on those three.

                                 SEGEN (V.O.)
                        I’m going with you.

           We lift up now: dozens of other craft, be they other Troop 
           boats, speed boats, smaller yachts, even Zodiacs. And each 
           are filled with many of the same people we just saw gather 
           around him in Red Square...

                                 SIMON (V.O.)
                        I’m free.
           Gerry’s boat out in front, leading this new D-DAY invasion. 
           We take his POV: a gray beach on a gray day lies ahead. 
           Evergreen trees set back from that beach. And lines of Zs, 
           hunched and dark and obscured and unmoving, seem to be just 
           waiting for us.

           In white font: Oregon Coast, The United States of America

           500 yards out now. Zs growing in number. Gerry screams out, 
           and as soon as he finishes his words, Simon translates:

                                 GERRY
                        GET ONTO AND OFF THAT BEACH QUICK! 
                        RALLY POINT IS THE PARKING LOT! AND 
                        KEEP YOUR HEADS ON A SWIVEL - THE 
                        Zs MIGHT NOT BE OUR ONLY ENEMY...

           Pulls out a compass now, opens it, finds South East, the 
           direction of his family, and points it out to himself on 
           land: a stand of tall Pine trees on a high knoll overlooking 
           the beach - and as we look a lone shaft of sunlight 
           illuminates the trees. Brilliant sun for the first time all 
           scene. Keep his eyes there, closes them, mutters a small 
           prayer. Opens them, puts away his compass. Cups his hands 
           around his mouth now so everyone hears what he says next, and 
           we see he’s still wearing Speke’s West Point graduation ring:

                                 GERRY (CONT’D)
                             (in full throated English)
                        SPINES ARE DIVINE BUT KNEES WORK 
                        JUST FINE!

                                                        FLASH TO BLACK.

           THE END OF THE BEGINNING.
