                                     The Debt 

                                      2/1/08  
           EXT. THE SKY. NIGHT.

           Blackness. A shape slowly begins to take form: a STAR OF 
           DAVID. We pull back further to reveal that we have been 
           looking at the tail of an EL AL JET. 

           INT. EL AL JET. 1967. NIGHT

           An Israeli AIR HOSTESS, immaculate in her stylish 60’s 
           uniform, treads the aisle softly. Row upon row of smartly 
           dressed passengers, all sleeping peacefully. 

           All, that is, except SARAH SINGER, 29. Beautiful despite the 
           large surgical dressing that covers half of her face and the 
           bruises that cover the other half. Poised despite having the 
           air of someone who has recently been through hell. She stares 
           blankly ahead, wide awake.

           Sarah is flanked by two slumbering male companions: STEPHEN 
           GOLD, 39, who leans against her, and DAVID PERETZ, 28. 
           Taller, slimmer and the better looking of the two, he remains 
           elegantly contained in his seat, arms folded. They too look 
           somewhat ravaged, but they are, at least, asleep. 

           Sarah musters up a fairly convincing smile when the hostess 
           reaches her side. 

                                 HOSTESS
                        Trouble sleeping? May I get you 
                        anything?... A pillow?

                                 SARAH
                        No, no... thank you. I’m fine.

           EXT. TEL AVIV. DAWN.

           Dawn breaks over Tel Aviv. Whitewashed Bauhaus concrete, 
           glittering glass towers and absurdly blue Mediterranean 
           water. Brutal and breathtaking, all at once. 

           The plane slices through the bleached-out sky on its descent. 

           INT. EL AL JET. MORNING.

           The last passengers file off the plane, leaving Sarah, 
           Stephen and David alone in their seats. Stephen nudges Sarah.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Sarah. Breathe.
                                 SARAH
                        I’m breathing.

           Stephen looks at them both.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Ready?

           David and Sarah nod. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        This is our moment. Enjoy it.

           And all three stand, eyes focussed ahead on the door that 
           will lead them to the outside world, and the future.   

           INT. MOSSAD HEADQUARTERS. DAY.

           This could be the office suite of some big business CEO, but 
           for the armed men on either side of the doorway, and the 
           assembly of dignitaries, some in military uniform.

           Behind his desk, Mossad Director ISAAC SHARETT, 55, rises to 
           his feet along with an agent we will meet later, AVI REVIVO, 
           40. At the door, the armed guards step aside and Sarah, 
           Stephen and David, now suited and flawlessly groomed, enter 
           to rapturous applause. 

           David and Sarah give Sharett a respectful nod. Stephen, 
           however, steps forward and offers his hand.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Director. It’s an honour.

           Sharett smiles and shakes Stephen’s hand heartily.

                                 SHARETT
                        The honour is mine, Agent Gold. 
                          (nodding to the other two)
                        Agent Peretz. Agent Singer. Please, 
                        sit.

           He gestures at three vacant seats and the three comply 
           gratefully before Sharett addresses the room.

                                 SHARETT (CONT’D)
                        Gentlemen, at 11.00 a.m. This 
                        morning, the Prime Minister made an 
                        official address to the Knesset 
                        regarding the events of last 
                        week...
           David, Sarah and Stephen stiffen visibly.

           INT. KNESSET BUILDING. DAY. 

           We see the PRIME MINISTER before a hall of assembled 
           MINISTERS, making an announcement. The sound is dipped and we 
           hear instead:

                                 SHARETT (V.O.)
                        ...and confirming the role of The 
                        Mossad in the capture and 
                        accidental demise of Szymon 
                        Mosiewicz... I am delighted to say 
                        that his announcement was met by 
                        the ministers with a standing 
                        ovation. 

           As one, the assembled ministers rise to their feet, clapping.

           INT. MOSSAD HEADQUARTERS. DAY.

           Back in the directors office, the room receives this news 
           with applause of their own. And the three agents finally 
           allow themselves to exhale. 

                                 SHARETT
                        And now that the matter is in the 
                        open, the Prime Minister has given 
                        me the honour of awarding each of 
                        you the appropriate decoration... 

           He gestures for them to be upstanding. Agent Revivo hands him 
           three ORDER RIBBONS. 

                                 SHARETT (CONT’D)
                        ...For an act of valor with 
                        examplary value.

           He pins the first to Stephen’s shirt and the second to 
           David’s.

           When he comes to Sarah’s, she can’t meet his gaze. He reads 
           her like a particularly large-print book.

                                 SHARETT (CONT’D)
                        Sarah, you have no reason to feel 
                        guilt. Do you remember what Samuel 
                        told the King of the Amalekites?

           She hesitates, dry mouthed. David steps in.
                                 DAVID
                        “As your sword bereaved women, so 
                        will your mother be bereaved among 
                        women.”

           Stephen looks confused, but Sarah nods her understanding.

                                 SARAH
                        He who lives by the sword shall die 
                        by the sword...

                                 SHARETT
                        Exactly. And this man did not use a 
                        sword. He used a scalpel. A bone 
                        saw. Ice. Gas. Typhus. Scalding 
                        water. Petrol. Heat lamps. Poison. 
                        If you ask me, Sarah, he got off 
                        lightly.

           With some effort, Sarah gives Sharett a nod of accord.

           INT. MOSSAD HQ - CORRIDOR. DAY.

           Sarah, David and Stephen walk down the long, corporate-
           looking corridor away from Sharrett’s office, each holding 
           the stiff card commemorative DOCUMENTS that accompany their 
           honours. 

           The GUARDS in the corridor applaud as they pass. Stephen, 
           striding a little way ahead of the other two, acknowledges 
           them with just the right measure of dignity and pride. 

           Sarah breaks into a trot to catch up to him.

                                 SARAH
                        Stephen.
                          (he doesn’t hear her)
                        Stephen.

           He smiles down at her.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I think I’m pregnant.

           The smile melts away. 

           INT. SYNAGOGUE. DAY

           ECU of a glass, lying the floor. A napkin is thrown over it 
           before a FOOT stamps down, SHATTERING it. 
           We pull back to reveal Sarah and Stephen standing beneath a 
           chuppah, getting married.

           For the first time we see Sarah’s face without the surgical 
           dressing. Even her expertly applied make-up cannot entirely 
           hide the scar that runs the length of her right cheek.

           INT. TEL AVIV HOTEL. NIGHT.

           The wedding reception - a relatively liberal and unmistakably 
           high society affair. Hundreds of people, a fashionable 
           Israeli band, a heaving buffet table, unsegregrated dancing. 

           Stephen and Sarah slow-dance together. 

           The camera drifts off them to find David, alone at a table, a 
           bottle of whisky in front of him that he clearly intends to 
           finish. The reception room behind him is virtually empty but 
           for people grabbing partners and jostling past him to dance. 

           A small child skids by, delighted to have discovered the 
           slippery properties of the highly polished floor, knocking 
           into David’s chair as he does so, just as David is about to 
           take a swallow from his glass. Whiskey spills down David’s 
           white shirt as the child, blissfully unaware, gears up for 
           another run in the opposite direction. 

           Sarah notices him and their eyes lock. She notes his obvious 
           isolation with concern, and walks over. Stunning in her 
           wedding dress, and now slightly tousled hair-do. She holds 
           out her hand sympathetically, perhaps a little drunk.

                                 SARAH
                        Dance with me?

                                 DAVID
                        Thanks. But no. I’m fine. Though I 
                        was actually thinking I might join 
                        in with that guy in a minute. 
                          (re: the sliding child)
                        That looks like fun.  

                                 SARAH 
                        Oh, David. Pleeease? Come on.

           He shakes his head decisively. Her face clouds over as she 
           realises that there’s something genuinely amiss, and she sits 
           down beside him.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        David, I... 
           She’s interrupted by Stephen’s arrival at her side. He looks 
           at his watch and gestures jovially at the whiskey bottle.

                                 STEPHEN
                        On the hard stuff already?

           He leans over from behind Sarah’s chair, and rubs her belly 
           possessively. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Actually, we should get you to bed 
                        soon. 

           David raises his nearly empty whiskey glass in a mocking 
           toast, a sarcastic expression on his face.

                                 DAVID
                        Well, may I just say -

           But before he can continue Director Sharett appears at his 
           side.

                                 SHARETT
                        Ah, here they are - my three 
                        heroes! Sarah, Stephen - Mazal Tov 
                        to you both. Now, if I may be so 
                        bold, may I borrow the bride for 
                        just a moment? 
                          (helping her up)
                        Come.

           He leads her away to talk in private. 

                                 SHARETT (CONT’D)
                        I apologise for approaching you 
                        here, now. But I wasn’t sure when 
                        I’d next have an opportunity. As 
                        you can imagine, things are... 
                          (wryly)
                        a little busy at the moment.

                                 SARAH
                        I can imagine. Perhaps you can shed 
                        some light on what the hell 
                        President Johnson is waiting for?

                                 SHARETT
                        Put it this way... The US act, they 
                        don’t act... It’s not going to make 
                        a difference. We have no choice.

                                 SARAH
                        A pre-emptive strike against Egypt? 
                                 SHARETT
                        These are desperate times. 
                          (a beat)
                        Which is why I wanted to speak to 
                        you. Sarah... Israel needs a hero. 
                        And I think it could be you.

           Sarah’s hands move to her belly.

                                 SARAH
                        Sir, I’m sorry. But I don’t forsee 
                        myself changing my mind about 
                        returning to the services. Even 
                        when the baby is -

                                 SHARETT
                        Oh I know. And that’s why you’re 
                        perfect. I’m talking about a 
                        national hero. Someone to inspire 
                        the public. Someone who embodies 
                        the Israeli fighting spirit.

           He hands her a business card. 

                                 SHARETT (CONT’D)
                        A publisher I know well. Call her 
                        before you leave for your 
                        Honeymoon. And my publicity office 
                        will contact you on your return.

                                 SARAH
                        I’m... flattered. But... I need to 
                        think about this. I need to talk to 
                        Stephen. And David. What happened 
                        in Berlin... It’s their story as 
                        much as mine.

                                 SHARETT
                        Oh, I’ve already discussed the 
                        matter with Stephen. He’s in full 
                        support. And of course their 
                        identities will be protected. 

           His piece said, he begins to steer her back to the table.

                                 SARAH
                        I’m no hero, sir.

           He ignores her. It seems demurral is not an option. And now 
           they’re back with David and Stephen. Sharett beckons to a 
           nearby PHOTOGRAPHER. 
           At Sharett’s bidding, the four pose together. A CAMERA CLICK 
           and the image freezes.

           A HAND holding a PEN comes into frame and a huge LETTER “S” 
           is scrawled on the image, across Sarah’s face. We pull back 
           to see...

           INT. TEL AVIV BOOKSHOP. 1997. DAY.

           ...That this is now the back cover of A BOOK. The hand 
           completes the signature - Sarah Singer - and we pull back 
           further to find a much OLDER SARAH, now 59, seated behind a 
           table piled high with copies of the new book. 

           A sizeable queue snakes away through the vast, American-style 
           book shop. Everywhere, posters hang showing the cover of the 
           book. The title reads: SAFE HOUSE by SARAH SINGER.

           Behind her stands her daughter, REBECCA, 30 and very pretty.

           Sarah hands the signed book over to a beaming OLD MAN.

                                 OLD MAN
                        Thank you so much, Ms. Singer. Or 
                        may I call you Sarah?

                                 SARAH
                        Of course. And it’s my pleasure.

                                 OLD MAN
                        It’s an honour to meet you. 

           The man walks away, his place swiftly taken by a PRETTY 
           STUDENT who hands Sarah another copy of the book. 

           Rebecca leans down and whispers to her mother.

                                 REBECCA
                        Mum, this has to be the last one. 
                        They’re waiting to start the 
                        reading.

                                 SARAH
                        So let them wait. God knows how 
                        long some of these people have 
                        queued up. I at least owe them a 
                        signature.

                                 REBECCA
                        Seriously, mum. You were meant to 
                        start twenty minutes ago.
                                 SARAH
                          (trying to sound casual)
                        Your father here yet? Or David?

                                 REBECCA
                        I haven’t seen them.

           Sarah kisses her daughter on the cheek and turns decisively 
           back to the student.

                                 SARAH
                        Who’s it to?

                                 REBECCA
                        Ok. I’ll call dad. You’ve got until 
                        I get back.

                                 STUDENT
                        Menachem. It’s for my grandfather.

           Sarah turns over the book and begins distractedly to sign it, 
           all the while scanning the room for something or someone. 

                                 STUDENT (CONT’D)
                        It doesn’t trouble you that he had 
                        no trial? 

                                 SARAH
                        Sorry?

                                 STUDENT
                        Mosiewicz. Do you not believe in 
                        every man’s right to a fair 
                        hearing?

                                 SARAH
                        I... I’ve answered that question 
                        many times. I’d gladly answer it 
                        again if there weren’t so many 
                        people waiting. But if you read the 
                        book, you’ll - 

                                 STUDENT
                        Like I said: it’s for my 
                        grandfather.

           INT. BOOKSHOP DOORWAY. DAY.

           Rebecca fidgets impatiently, her cellphone to her ear.
           INT. MOSSAD HQ. DAY.

           An OLDER STEPHEN, 69, now in a wheelchair, answers his own 
           cellphone. In front of him is A PACKAGE, and a sheet of PAPER 
           on which he will write a letter during the course of this 
           call. 

           We intercut between Stephen and his daughter.

                                 REBECCA
                        Dad? Where are you?

                                 STEPHEN
                        I’m so sorry, baby. Something came 
                        up. A big thing. 

                                 REBECCA
                        You’re not on the way?

                                 STEPHEN
                        I’m still at HQ. Please tell your 
                        mother how sorry I am, will you?

                                 REBECCA
                        Dad, you can’t! You... You have to 
                        be here! You know how important it 
                        is! They want a picture of the 
                        three of you -

                                 STEPHEN
                        David’s there?

                                 REBECCA
                        Yes. Yes he is. And frankly, if 
                        anyone had a right to have issues 
                        with what mum wrote, it’s him. Not 
                        you. So.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Rebecca... Don’t tell me lies. 
                        David’s not there.

                                 REBECCA
                        You think that running Mossad gives 
                        you some special ability to tell 
                        when people are lying?

                                 STEPHEN
                          (amused)
                        I think that I can tell when you’re 
                        lying. Because I’m your father. 
                        Baby, I’ve got to go. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 STEPHEN (CONT'D)
                        We really do have a situation. 
                        Serious one. I’ll call you 
                        tomorrow.

           He hangs up, folds the letter, and places it in the package, 
           which he seals shut. 

           INT. TEL AVIV BOOK SHOP. DAY.

           A couple of hundred people are gathered around a raised area 
           with a podium. A slightly disappointed Sarah takes her place 
           her, receiving a loud round of applause.

                                 SARAH
                          (into the microphone)
                        Um... In the decades since the 
                        publication of my first book - “In 
                        Our Hands” - my first attempt to 
                        tell the story of what happened in 
                        Berlin... I have been asked so many 
                        questions. Fascinating, and very 
                        legitimate, questions. And it was 
                        that, really, which prompted me to 
                        put pen to paper - or I guess I 
                        should say finger to keyboard!...

           The audience chuckle politely. Completely behind her.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        To, uh, tell my story once again. 
                        But this time, with no holds 
                        barred... To the occasional chagrin 
                        of my ex-husband Stephen Gold and 
                        my good friend David Peretz. 

           More polite chuckles.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Neither of whom could be here 
                        tonight, unfortunately... But, er, 
                        I felt it was important for people 
                        to better understand the human face 
                        of the intelligence community. To 
                        understand the power of those 
                        emotions that cannot be switched on 
                        and off at will. And the role that 
                        they play. 

           Sarah sits down and slips on a pair of reading glasses and 
           picks up copy of the book.
                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I’m told that ninety percent of you 
                        have requested that I read chapter 
                        twelve... which doesn’t 
                        particularly illustrate what I’ve 
                        just been talking about... But for 
                        the sake of democracy...

           She opens the book and puts on her reading glasses.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                          (reading)
                        “The morning began as every other. 
                        As I prepared his breakfast, the 
                        doctor watched me, unblinking; that 
                        now too-familiar blue-eyed stare. 
                        Eyes that seemed to become colder 
                        and more penetrating with the 
                        achingly slow passing of each day. 
                        With my customary trepidation, I 
                        approached him and reached down to 
                        remove his gag...

           On the left hand page, beside the page from which Sarah 
           reads, is a photograph of DOCTOR SZYMON MOSIEWICZ, late 20s, 
           in SS uniform. We track into it, and it morphs into...

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE. DAY.

           ...MOSIEWICZ himself. Now aged 53 and tied to a radiator 
           pipe, hands bound behind his back, and wearing a tight gag 
           that is currently being untied by a young Sarah. 

           As she leans in closer to remove it, a RAZOR slices her cheek 
           open. 

           Sarah stumbles back, hand to her face, as Mosiewicz springs 
           forward - his hands free, after all - and slashes at her 
           again with the razor, catching her on the collar bone with 
           such force that the razor breaks. 

           Her training kicking in, Sarah attempts to disarm Mosiewicz 
           with a Krav Magah move intended to break his forearm. But 
           shock has dulled her precision. She succeeds only in forcing 
           the arm away and sending the broken razor skittering across 
           the floor. 

           As she catches sight of the blood soaking through her shirt, 
           Sarah, aghast, loses concentration for a crucial split 
           second, in which Mosiewicz takes a closed-fist swing at her.  
           It connects, hard, in her face. A hideous crunch, and Sarah 
           crumples, blood squirting from her nose. 
           The doctor begins to run, but, driven by adrenaline and 
           desperation, Sarah scrambles onto all fours and lunges at 
           him, catching hold of his trouser leg as he moves towards the 
           door. 

           Mosiewicz grabs a LAMP from a nearby table, and smashes it 
           across the back of Sarah’s skull. She’s down now, and we 
           expect the doctor to make his escape, but apparently he’s not 
           finished. Seizing her collar in one hand, he punches her 
           again, twice, clinically and hard, before allowing her to 
           drop limply to the floor. And finally, he’s gone.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE LOBBY. DAY.

           Mosiewicz runs down the stairs of the apartment building 
           toward the door to the street.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE. DAY.

           Sarah lies motionless. Then a cough. And another. And finally 
           she rolls over and she spits out a mouthful of blood - is 
           that a tooth in there? - before dragging herself to a CHEST 
           OF DRAWERS. Tugging one open, she pulls out a GUN fitted with 
           a silencer, and pulls herself over to the nearest window. 

           An urgent struggle with the sash window - it won’t open. Down 
           on the street below, we see Mosiewicz bursting from the 
           building and running away.

           A final, last-chance effort, and Sarah has the window open. 
           Her POV is blurred, the gun in her hand shaking in the 
           foreground as, in the distance, the figure of Mosiewicz gets 
           smaller and smaller and threatens to vanish entirely from 
           view. 

           Sarah raises the gun, and - just as Mosiewicz is about to 
           disappear forever - she FIRES. A single shot. And, 
           improbably, incredibly, the tiny figure of Mosiewicz drops.

           Sarah lowers the gun in disbelief, and we hear a thunderous 
           ROUND OF APPLAUSE.

           INT. TEL AVIV BOOKSHOP. DAY. 

           The bookshop audience are applauding.

           Sarah, her reading complete, snaps the book shut and removes 
           her glasses. She forces a dignified nod of acknowledgement, 
           but is clearly uncomfortable.
                                 SARAH
                        I’m not sure that killing a man 
                        should be applauded. But thank you 
                        for listening. And thank you for 
                        coming here tonight. 

           INT. TEL AVIV BOOKSHOP. NIGHT.

           It’s dark outside now, and Sarah is back behind her table 
           again, signing what’s left of the book stock. 

           The last book in the pile completed, she hesitates, then 
           flips the book open to the central photograph section, to a 
           picture of: 

           Herself. With David and Stephen. All in their prime. 

           She flips the page. Three individual shots of the 
           triumvirate, recent ones. Sarah, well-groomed and handsome. 
           Stephen in his chair. David wearing a grave look.  

                                 REBECCA
                        They have to close up now.

           Sarah gives a start, lost in the picture and surprised to 
           find Rebecca there. She pushes the book away hurriedly.

                                 SARAH
                        I know, I was just signing what was 
                        left of the stock. My agent said I -

                                 REBECCA
                        Mum. David’s not coming.

                                 SARAH
                        I know.

           Sarah gets up slowly, gathers her handbag and jacket, and 
           moves off, leaving the book still open on the table.

           The camera tracks in on the photograph of David.

           INT. DAVID’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.

           We pull out of the photo again to find OLDER DAVID, 58, book 
           in one hand, a very large tumbler of whiskey in the other, 
           staring at the same shot. 

           If a man’s surroundings reflect his inner psyche, then David 
           is not doing so well. This place is a shit-hole. 
           His DOORBELL chimes, and David drains his glass before 
           getting up to answer it. 

           INT. DAVID’S HOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT.

           David opens the front door to find a YOUNG AGENT, holding a 
           package: the one we saw Stephen prepare earlier. 

                                 YOUNG AGENT
                        It’s from Stephen Gold.

           INT. DAVID’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT.

           David places the package beside the book, stares at it with 
           some trepidation for a moment or two, and finally opens it. 

           Inside: Stephen’s LETTER, two PASSPORTS, various DOCUMENTS 
           and two BALLPOINT PENS. 

           David studies one of the pens, clicking the button to extend 
           the nib. What emerges is not a nib but in fact a HYPODERMIC 
           NEEDLE. David is not entirely surprised.

           Setting the pen/syringe down again, he picks up the letter, 
           opens it and reads it. 

           He pours himself another tumbler of whiskey and, without 
           hesitation, downs it in one go. 

           Walking over to a ramshackle shelf, piled chaotically with 
           books, CDs and documents, David rifles through the debris, 
           sending piles of junk clattering to the ground. He sifts 
           through the CDs, looking for something, until finally, in a 
           stack of CDs without cases, he finds what he’s looking for. 
           He slips it into his STEREO.

           The Animals’ “House of the Rising Sun” begins to play. Loud.

           Business-like, David refolds the letter and carefully 
           deposits it in a WASTEPAPER BASKET with the passports, pens 
           and documents.

           Fetching a box of long cigar-smoker’s MATCHES from his desk, 
           he strikes one and tosses it in. The contents of the bin 
           IGNITE and David languidly drinks another glass of whiskey as 
           he watches them burn. 

           He flicks slowly through the photographs in the book again 
           for a moment before tossing it into the fire. 
           And finally, he returns to the package where he take up one 
           of the syringe pens. He clicks the needle out. A scant 
           moment’s hesitation, then he jabs it into his arm. Another 
           beat. He crumples to the floor. Glassy-eyed and unmistakably 
           dead.

           The room is still now. Just the music. And then the PHONE. 
           Ringing and ringing and ringing until it stops.

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           The feminine, tidy and beautifully decorated room of a well-
           off woman no longer encumbered with a husband.

           Sarah sits on the edge of her bed, cordless phone to her ear, 
           and we hear the BEEEP cue to leave voicemail.

                                 SARAH
                        David... Me again. I was just 
                        worried that my last message 
                        sounded... I don’t know... Anyway, 
                        just to say that I hope you know 
                        I’m not angry, and obviously it 
                        would have been lovely to see you 
                        tonight but it’s fine. And just... 
                        You were missed. That’s all. And, 
                        uh, yes... It went well, I think. 
                        Call me? 

           She disconnects the call, climbs into bed and switches off 
           the light. The DIGITAL CLOCK on the bedside table says 11:10. 

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           The bedside clock says 00:04, and yet Sarah’s eyes are wide 
           open, and we are reminded of the young Sarah we saw on the 
           plane at the start.

           She’s firmly awake, but when the DOORBELL rings, she is 
           nevertheless groggy and disoriented. She flips on the light 
           and throws on a robe.

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - HALLWAY. NIGHT.

           Sarah answers the door to find Stephen, in his wheelchair. 

                                 SARAH
                          (rising panic)
                        Stephen? What is it? Has something 
                        happened? Is Rebecca alright? 
                                 STEPHEN
                        Of course she is. Calm down. 

                                 SARAH
                          (relieved and annoyed)
                        What are you doing out alone? In 
                        the middle of the night? Are you 
                        insane?

           In response, Stephen glances over his shoulder and we see two 
           YOUNG MOSSAD AGENTS. Hanging back discretely, but ever-alert. 
           One of them is the man we saw before outside David’s house. 

           Stephen reaches into his coat pocket and draws out A PACKAGE. 
           Identical to the one that David received. He holds it out.

                                 STEPHEN
                        I needed to give you this.

           Sarah doesn’t take it.

                                 SARAH
                        What’s the matter with you? Do you 
                        know what time it is? This’d better 
                        be important.

                                 STEPHEN
                          (sarcastic)
                         Why, did I wake you up?

           She takes the package and goes to shut the door.

                                 SARAH
                        Goodnight, Stephen. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Sarah... David’s dead.

           Slowly, she opens the door again, and stands aside: an 
           invitation to come in. Stephen powers the chair forward into 
           the hall and Sarah closes the door as the body guards step on 
           the porch to take their posts outside. 

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. MOMENTS LATER.

           Sarah lowers herself into a chair opposite Stephen. 

                                 SARAH
                        How?

           Stephen nods at the package in her hands, gesturing for her 
           to open it. 
           She does so, exactly as David did - carefully placing each of 
           the items - passports, two pens, documents - onto her coffee 
           table and finally opening the letter. 

           She reads it and, when she has finished, she dissolves into 
           tears and curls into a ball, sobbing, her face hidden from 
           Stephen.

           He wheels himself closer to try and comfort her, but she 
           writhes away, tucking herself further into the corner of the 
           sofa, away from him, knowing that he cannot reach out any 
           further. 

           EXT. SARAH’S HOUSE - NIGHT.

           On the porch, one of the young agents sparks up a cigarette, 
           and both gaze into the distance, bored, until they hear muted 
           YELLING coming from inside.

           The two cast a concerned eye towards the window where it’s 
           possible to catch a glimpse, inside, of Sarah and Stephen.

           The SHOUTING grows louder as a tracking POV shot takes us 
           through the window, where we see the two, now in the middle 
           of a full-blown altercation.

           As if sensing the eyes of the agents on them, the two look 
           directly at us before turning back to one another again. 
           Stephen raises his finger to his lips. Sarah responds with an 
           aggressive riposte that we cannot hear.

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. DAY.

           ECU on the two pens. Lying on Sarah’s nice satin bedspread. 
           Beyond them lies her open suitcase, into which she is packing 
           a neatly folded stack of clothes. 

           She has her mobile phone cradled at her neck, into which she 
           speaks as she continues to pack.

                                 SARAH
                        Rebecca darling, it’s mum. Thought 
                        I’d try you again before I left.

           She opens a FALSE BACK in the case, into which she slips the 
           documents. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I’ll call when I get to the 
                        airport. But if I don’t get you...
           From a high shelf in her wardrobe, Sarah retrieves an oddly 
           old-fashioned and heavy-looking HAIR-DRYER. She blows off the 
           dust that has gathered on it and cracks it open - it clicks 
           apart into two pieces - one half apparently containing the 
           usual working of a hairdryer, the other a hollow shell 
           covered by a dark metal plate. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I just wanted to say, you know, 
                        please don’t worry about 
                        anything... I think this little 
                        break is just what I need. 

           Into the hollow side, she slips A GUN. She replaces the metal 
           plate, snaps the two pieces together again and places the 
           hairdryer alongside a sponge bag in the suitcase before 
           zipping it up. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        And I’ll be back in a few days. But 
                        Just... You know, look after 
                        yourself, won’t you?  Don’t work 
                        too hard. Make Alon do some of the 
                        cooking now and again. And be 
                        careful on that bloody moped, 
                        please?

           Finally, Sarah yanks up the PULL HANDLE of the bag. It comes 
           right out, detached from the case, and she flips it over to 
           drop the pens into the hollow handle. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I love you so much. Bye bye, my 
                        darling... Bye bye.

           She fits the handle back into place, throws on her coat, 
           pockets her phone and leaves the room without looking back.

           EXT. TEL AVIV AIRPORT. NIGHT.

           Sarah climbs from a cab and enters the building, pulling the 
           wheeled suitcase we saw before. Frail and utterly alone. 

           INT. AIRPORT SECURITY. NIGHT.

           A long but well-managed queue. Sarah is at the front. She 
           struggles to lift her suitcase onto the conveyor belt. A 
           SECURITY GUARD steps forward to help, and is surprised by the 
           weight of the case. 
                                 GUARD
                          (joking)
                        What have you got in here? Lead?!

           Sarah gives a nervous smile, tries to banter back.

                                 SARAH
                        Oh you know us women... Can’t 
                        travel without our own weight in 
                        make up and face cream!

           The guard grins and hefts the suitcase onto the conveyor 
           belt. Sarah shifts nervously from foot to foot as it glides 
           into the X-RAY MACHINE. 

           The X-RAY MAN leans forward and squints at the x-ray image on 
           his screen, then stares back at Sarah. 

           The case emerges and Sarah reaches for it, but the x-ray man  
           puts his hand out to stop her.

                                 X-RAY MAN
                        I’m going to have to detain you a 
                        moment, I’m afraid.

           Sarah freezes. 

                                 SARAH
                        Is something wrong?

                                 X-RAY MAN
                        Yes - I can’t possibly let you go 
                        without giving me an autograph.

           He smiles broadly and produces a piece of paper and a pen. 

           INT. EL AL JET. NIGHT.

           A tired-looking air hostess shuffles down the aisle, 
           occasionally banging her drinks trolley into somebody’s seat 
           arm. Row upon row of sloppily dressed passengers, all 
           sleeping peacefully.

           Sarah is wide awake and seated between two male students who 
           are both in a heavy, and possibly alcohol-induced, slumber. 
           She wears a haunted look, not far different from the one she 
           sported when we last saw her on an El Al jet, back in 1967. 

           We track in on her face as she stares into the distance and 
           gradually her faces changes before our eyes, the lines 
           smoothing, the years falling away until she is transformed 
           back into the young Sarah we first saw. 
           And we pull back to find...

           EXT. EAST BERLIN STREET. DAY.

           ...that Sarah is in a long, deep kiss with David, on a busy 
           street. Behind them is an imposing looking building. 

           Finally they break, but continue to hold each other close.  

           When they speak, they do so in GERMAN, subtitled.

                                 DAVID
                        Sure you don’t want me to come with 
                        you?

                                 SARAH
                        I’m sure. I won’t be long. Love 
                        you.

           She kisses him playfully on the nose.

                                 DAVID
                        Love you.

           Sarah grabs the lapels of David’s coat and pulls him close 
           again for another kiss before finally breaking away and 
           walking up the steps of the building.

           INT. WAITING ROOM. DAY.

           A sparse but smart Doctor’s waiting room. A nurse in bright 
           starched whites sits at a small reception desk. 

           Half a dozen well-dressed women, a couple of them visibly 
           pregnant, look up at Sarah as she enters. She ignores them 
           and moves confidently over to the nurse.

           The pair converse in German.

                                 SARAH
                        I wonder if you could tell me 
                        please, what would be the earliest 
                        appointment you have available? 

                                 NURSE
                        Have you seen the doctor before? 

                                 SARAH
                          (shaking her head)
                        My husband and I only moved here 
                        this Summer. 
           The nurse hands over a sheaf of forms and a clipboard. 

                                 NURSE
                        Fill these in for me and I’ll take 
                        a look at the diary.

           EXT. BERLIN STREET. DAY.

           Sarah walks back down the steps to where David is waiting. He 
           puts his arm around her and they begin to walk. 

           They speak in German.

                                 SARAH
                        So: Thursday morning. Ten o’clock.

                                 DAVID
                        Great.

           He gives her a reassuring squeeze as they continue to walk, 
           soon turning left into a quiet side-street. 

           David looks behind him. They are alone on the street. He 
           drops his arm from around Sarah’s shoulder. 

           Playfully, she picks up his hand and guides it back around 
           her shoulder again, stepping in front of him so he can’t 
           continue to walk ahead. Before he can protest, she seizes his 
           lapels and moves in for another kiss. 

           He rears back and, grabbing her forcefully by the wrists, 
           pushes her away, shocked.

           Alone now, they speak to one another in ENGLISH.

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        What are you doing?!

           Sarah smothers her look of mortification, stuffs her hands 
           into her pockets, and begins to walk briskly again, staring 
           down at the pavement. David walks along beside her.

                                 SARAH
                        I’m sorry... I thought... 

                                 DAVID
                        Whatever you thought, you thought 
                        wrong.

                                 SARAH
                        I can see that. I made a mistake.
                                 DAVID
                        You certainly did.

           They continue to walk a little way in silence. 

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        Sarah, failure is not an option on 
                        this mission. Do you understand 
                        that? 

                                 SARAH
                        Of course I do.

                                 DAVID
                        Getting distracted is not an 
                        option. Getting confused is not an 
                        option. Making a mistake -

                                 SARAH
                          (interrupting loudly)
                        I KNOW! David -

                                 DAVID
                          (interrupting, passive-
                          agressive softly)
                        You can debrief Stephen and I 
                        together at the apartment.

           And with that, he strides on ahead, leaving her behind, her 
           face burning.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - HALLWAY. DAY.

           The same location in which we saw Mosiewicz and Sarah 
           earlier. A large, typically East European apartment. The 
           familiar-looking lamp sits portentously on a side-table. 

           Sarah enters through the front door, puts her keys away and 
           switches on the lamp.

                                 SARAH
                        Stephen?... David?

                                 STEPHEN (O.S.)
                        In here.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DINING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Stephen sits at a large polished dining table, files, papers 
           and photographs spread out before him. 
           David is here, still flushed from his brisk walk and folding 
           his coat neatly over the back of a chair. Clearly, he wasn’t 
           far ahead of Sarah.

           When Sarah walks in, Stephen beams, glad to see her. David 
           simply stares straight ahead. 

           Sarah removes her own coat and takes a seat.

                                 SARAH
                          (stiff, professional)
                        No opportunity for a positive ID. 
                        But the appointment is made. 
                        Thursday, ten hundred hours. 

           She reaches for a pen and snaps the lid off. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Now - if you’ll pass me a sheet of 
                        paper, please, Stephen? - the 
                        layout of the clinic is as 
                        follows...

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah lies in bed. Wide awake, yet again. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - MEN’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           David and Stephen lie in a double bed, a wall of pillows 
           between them, eyes closed, but clearly restless. 

           Stephen turns over, dragging the blanket with him. He kicks 
           at it, trying to give David’s fair share back.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Sorry. Again.

                                 DAVID
                        No problem. Again.

           A moment of silence. Then:

                                 STEPHEN
                        You’re sharing a bed with the wrong 
                        agent. 

                                 DAVID
                        Really, it’s fine. Don’t worry 
                        about it. 
                                 STEPHEN
                        I didn’t mean that. I meant -

                                 DAVID
                          (smiling)
                        Oh... I see. Well, for once I’d 
                        have to agree with you. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Why don’t you go next door? 

                                 DAVID
                        Don’t be ridiculous.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Go on. Go next door. Do some method 
                        acting.

           David sighs.

                                 DAVID
                        God’s sake, Stephen. You’re 
                        beginning to sound like her.

                                 STEPHEN
                          (joking)
                        In that case, I think I’ll be 
                        sleeping with one eye open.

                                 DAVID
                        Trust me, you’re not my type.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Likewise. She is, though. 

                                 DAVID
                        Is what?

                                 STEPHEN
                        My type.

                                 DAVID
                        Ah Stephen. As appropriate and 
                        professional as always.  

                                 STEPHEN
                        Listen, you’re welcome to play by 
                        the book. But don’t start expecting 
                        everyone else to. Want my advice? 
                        In our line of work it makes sense 
                        to take any perk you can get.
                          (a beat)
                        So you have no interest in her?
           David hesitates.

                                 DAVID
                        Here and now? None.

           David turns his back on Stephen and closes his eyes.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           Giving up on trying to sleep, Sarah rises from the bed, 
           throws on a robe and pads out of the room...

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DINING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           ...and into the dining room. She sits down at the table, the 
           files and papers still spread out from the debrief earlier. 

           Sarah opens a folder, and begins to leaf through a stack of 
           photographs, at first forcing herself to look but soon 
           compelled, unable to stop.

           - A pile of severed legs. 

           - A woman’s arm with a thick scar running its entire length.

           - A man covered in mustard gas wounds.

           - A close up of a torso with a vast gangrenous wound.

           - Two men covered in phosphorus burns.

           - A naked woman, barely more than a skeleton, being supported 
           by a Nazi nurse.

           - Two small boys, twins, their eyes swollen almost shut.

           - And finally, a photograph of Mosiewicz, in his uniform.

           Breathing hard, Sarah forces herself to maintain a steely 
           demeanor.

           A comforting arm snakes around her from behind and she looks 
           up sharply to see... Stephen. Trying to hide her 
           disappointment, she gives the hand at her waist a friendly 
           pat before removing it. 

                                 SARAH
                        I’m just going over the files. I 
                        wanted to... be prepared. For 
                        tomorrow.
           He gently prises the photographs from her hand and slips them 
           back into the file.

                                 STEPHEN
                        The best preparation is a good 
                        night’s sleep.

           Sarah throws him a look over her shoulder - she would sleep 
           if she could! - before turning away again. Stephen begins to 
           rub her back. She tenses.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        You can do this. There’s no need to 
                        be afraid. 

                                 SARAH
                        I’m not afraid.

           Stephen gives an affectionate laugh and moves his hands to 
           massage her shoulders. Reluctantly, she relaxes into it.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Oh come on. Any woman in your 
                        position would be. But very few 
                        could handle the fear. And you can. 
                        You think they’d have given you 
                        something like this for your first 
                        assignment if you couldn’t handle 
                        it? They know you can, and I know 
                        it. Knew from the first day I saw 
                        you in training. 

           She throws him a sceptical look.

                                 SARAH
                        You can drop the flattery, Stephen. 
                        I think we both know that me 
                        getting assigned to this mission 
                        has a lot less to do with my 
                        abilities than the fact that I’ve 
                        got... 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Well, yes you have. But, 
                        paradoxically, you also have balls. 

                                 SARAH
                          (suppressing a smile)
                        I was going to say “two X- 
                        chromosomes”. Actually. But thanks. 

           He reaches round and gives her his best attempt at a 
           friendly, cuddly, non-predatory hug.
                                 STEPHEN
                        Shall I make us some tea? 

           She smiles and shakes her head.

                                 SARAH
                        I should go back to bed. Try and 
                        sleep. But... thank you, Stephen. 

           He pats her on the arm, trying to adopt the air of a man who 
           doesn’t mind in the least, and cheerfully ushers her out into 
           the corridor. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - HALLWAY. CONTINUOUS.

           They reach the door to Stephen’s bedroom first and he swings 
           the door open before giving her another friendly hug.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Night night. Sleep well.

           Over his shoulder, Sarah looks into the room where David 
           lies, shirtless, tangled in the covers. He’s awake, and their 
           eyes meet for a little too long until David looks away and 
           turns over. 

           The hug over, Sarah forces a smile.

                                 SARAH
                        You too.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah lies in bed, eyes wide open, once again.

           INT. WAITING ROOM. DAY.

           Three radiant pregnant women chat happily as Sarah sits 
           staring straight ahead.

           A silhouetted figure looms into view through the frosted 
           glass of the door to the doctor’s surgery. The door opens and 
           the nurse leans out.

           (As before, all dialogue at the clinic is in German, 
           subtitled.)

                                 NURSE
                        Frau Roget? 
           With a smile, the nurse gestures for Sarah to enter.

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY.

           A brightly lit room, with a gynecological chair at its 
           centre. A curtained screen has been placed beside the chair, 
           effectively sectioning it off from the rest of the room. 

           Around the side of the screen we can see the doctor - 
           Mosiewicz - across the room, his back to us, washing his 
           hands at a small basin. 

           The nurse hands Sarah a MEDICAL GOWN.

                                 NURSE
                        If you could put this on for me 
                        please? 
                          (patting the chair)
                        And then just take a seat. The 
                        doctor will be with you in a 
                        moment.

           Sarah nods, and the nurse leaves. 

           Just the sound of RUNNING WATER now, and Sarah’s tense 
           breathing as she looks anxiously at the chair before removing 
           her skirt and fumbling with the buttons on her blouse before 
           managing to remove that too. Finally, she puts on the gown.  

           A tray of MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS stands nearby. Sarah glances at 
           it uneasily and hesitates for a moment before slipping off 
           her underpants, stumbling as she steps out of them.

           Finally, she reaches into the neck of the gown to free the 
           SILVER LOCKET NECKLACE she is wearing and climbs onto the 
           chair. 

           A pause and then, tentatively, she lifts her feet into the 
           stirrups, tugging the gown to cover herself as best she can. 

           She tries to steady her breathing, focussing on the ceiling. 
           A bright surgery LIGHT swings overhead.

           And there she waits. Anxious, trapped and exposed.

           The sound of running water ceases, we hear a few footsteps, 
           and then there he is. Szymon Mosiewicz. Standing before her.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Good morning, Frau Roget. I’m 
                        Doctor Bernhardt.
                                 SARAH
                        Good morning, doctor.

           He draws up a small stool, sits down and reaches for the 
           SPECULUM.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Alright now, this is my hand... and 
                        this is the speculum. Which is 
                        going to be a little cold.

           He frowns slightly.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Relax, please?

           More frowning.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Do you find you often suffer from 
                        vaginal dryness?

                                 SARAH
                        I... don’t know. I don’t think so. 
                        Maybe. 

           The doctor shifts his free hand slightly and though we don’t 
           see what he does, we see the surprise, revulsion and 
           subsequent humiliation on Sarah’s face.  

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        That’s better.

           He pushes the speculum into place, opens it and begins the 
           examination. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Ovaries appear to be fine. How long 
                        have you and your husband been 
                        trying for a baby? 

                                 SARAH
                        Nearly two years.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Hmm. And how often are you having 
                        intercourse, generally? How many 
                        times a week?

                                 SARAH
                        I don’t know. Two, three? Sometimes 
                        more.
                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Ah, young love! Alright, let’s 
                        see... your cervix is slightly 
                        retroverted. Tilted backwards?

                                 SARAH
                        Really?

           Sarah raises her hand to her locket necklace and begins to 
           fiddle with it as she listens. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Mmm. But that generally shouldn’t 
                        affect fertility. 

           The angle from which we next see Mosiewicz, and the way the 
           image of his face freezes in black and white, tells us 
           clearly that this locket conceals a camera device. 

                                 SARAH
                        That’s good to know.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You have a slight accent, Frau 
                        Roget. Foreign accent. Where are 
                        you from?

           Subconsciously, Sarah’s hand flies to her neck to cover the 
           locket.

                                 SARAH
                        Argentina. We just moved here... A 
                        few months ago.

           More frozen images of Mosiewicz.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Whereabouts in Argentina? Buenos 
                        Aires? 

                                 SARAH
                        Yes. 

           The doctor fetches a swab.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Alright, this might feel a little 
                        uncomfortable for a moment. 

           It does. Sarah winces. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Good good. All done.
                                 SARAH
                        We’re finished?

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        For today. I’ll see you again next 
                        week when you’re a little further 
                        along in your cycle, alright? And 
                        we’ll see what we can find.

           Sarah winces again as he removes the speculum and nods in 
           agreement. 

           EXT. BERLIN STREET. DAY.

           Sarah stumbles down the steps of the clinic to where David is 
           waiting. They hug, and he slips his arm around her shoulder 
           as they begin to walk.

           Despite being in the main street the two forget to speak to 
           one another in German, and instead converse in English. 

                                 DAVID
                        Are you alright?

           Sarah nods, subdued and a little shaky.

                                 SARAH
                        I’ve got another appointment for 
                        next Wednesday. 

           David gives her an awkward squeeze of reassurance. They 
           continue to walk in silence, taking the left turn into the 
           quiet side street we saw them in earlier. This time, David 
           doesn’t move his arm from Sarah’s shoulder.

           Sarah stops and reaches behind her neck to unclasp her 
           locket. She studies the back and hands it to David.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Looks like it worked.

           And then, realising that his arm is still around her:

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        You can let go now. There’s no one 
                        here.

           But he doesn’t. Sarah stares at the ground, unable to contain 
           her smile, but afraid to catch his eye. 
                                 DAVID
                        You did a good thing Sarah. A brave 
                        thing. Well done.

           As they continue to walk, a SMARTLY DRESSED MAN turns into 
           the street and walks towards them from the opposite 
           direction, jingling his CAR KEYS in his hand. 

           As he nears David and Sarah, the man fumbles the keys and 
           they fly from his hand. David dips down to pick them up and 
           hands them back to the man with a smile. 

                                 SMARTLY DRESSED MAN
                        Vielen dank! 

                                 DAVID
                        Bitte sehr.

           Sarah and David nod their goodbyes and continue on their way, 
           and we follow the smartly dressed man as he continues on his, 
           closing in on his hand, in which he now holds his keys and 
           the locket. 

           We see him tuck it into his jacket pocket before we jib up 
           over the buildings to see for the first time the grim and 
           foreboding sight of THE BERLIN WALL. 

           INT. MOSSAD HQ. DAY.

           C/U on grainy copies of the photographs of Mosiewicz taken by 
           Sarah. Now in the hands of Mossad director Sharrett. He 
           studies them, watched by agent Avi Revivo. Finally, he looks 
           up.

                                 SHARETT
                        You’re satisfied.

                                 REVIVO
                        Sixteen Birkenau survivors, sixteen 
                        positive IDs. And our guys have 
                        signed off on the comparative study 
                        with the 1942 picture. I’m 100% 
                        satisfied.

           Sharett nods his approval. 

                                 SHARETT
                        So. Tell them we’ll give the green 
                        light as soon as the extraction 
                        plan is in place. 
                                 REVIVO
                        That could take a few days to set 
                        up, sir.

                                 SHARETT
                        Fine. Tell them, stay in the 
                        holding pattern. Maintain contact. 
                        And prep for scenario Alpha.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah, in her robe, runs the hem of a partially-made WHITE 
           GARMENT through a SEWING MACHINE 

           In the corner, David sits smoking, dishevelled and clearly 
           stressed. Sarah stares over at him; he is either oblivious or 
           ignoring her. 

           Stephen enters wearing just his undershirt and trousers. He 
           hands Sarah a mug. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        More coffee?

           She takes it gratefully, has a sip, then whisks the garment 
           out of the machine and holds it up. It’s unfinished, but a 
           fairly good approximation of a medic’s white coat.

                                 SARAH
                        Try this on.

           As Stephen slips into it, he catches Sarah glancing over at 
           David again.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        When did he last sleep?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Don’t worry about him. I’m worried 
                        about you. When did you last sleep?

                                 SARAH
                        I am worried about him, though. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        He’ll be fine. You should have seen 
                        him in Ecuador. Stayed up for 
                        something like five nights 
                        straight. He can deal with it. 
                          (a beat)
                        So? 
                                 SARAH
                        So what?

                                 STEPHEN
                        So, you didn’t answer my question. 
                        When did you last sleep?

           Sarah smiles, ignoring the question again. She tugs at the 
           coat, straightens the unfinished collar.

                                 SARAH
                          (re: the coat)
                        How does it feel?

                                 STEPHEN
                        The arm holes are a bit tight. But 
                        otherwise... Nice job. Actually, do 
                        you think the sleeves look too 
                        long?

           She scrutinises the sleeve, nods and kneels down to start 
           unfolding and re-pinning the cuff.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Did you ever think when you got 
                        into Mossad, that after all those 
                        years of training, the highest 
                        levels of marksmanship and krav 
                        magah, that you’d actually spend an 
                        entire night of your first big 
                        mission sewing? 

           Sarah can’t help but laugh. She brandishes a pin at him.

                                 SARAH
                        I’ll have you know I’m a black belt 
                        in dressmaking. You’d better watch 
                        yourself.

           He holds up his hands in surrender.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Whatever you say. I learned a long 
                        time ago not to argue with an armed 
                        woman.

           They laugh together, and Sarah goes back to her pinning. She 
           steals another glance over at David, and this time, catches 
           him looking at her. He looks away hastily and lights another 
           cigarette. Stephen catches her. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Forget about it, Sarah.
                                 SARAH
                        Forget about what?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Nobody really knows him. He’s got 
                        no real friends. The entire time 
                        I’ve known him, he’s never dated. I 
                        know you girls like to think people 
                        can change. But they don’t. David’s 
                        alone, and he’ll stay alone. He 
                        doesn’t let anyone close.

           Sarah thinks this over. 

                                 SARAH
                        Not even his family?

           A grim pause.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Auschwitz.

                                 SARAH
                        All of them?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Every last one. 

           INT. MOSSAD HQ. DAY.

           Agent Revivo and Director Sharrett study a MAP OF THE BERLIN 
           RAIL SYSTEM, on Sharett’s desk. Revivo uses a PENCIL to point 
           as he speaks.

                                 REVIVO
                        Okay, there are ten Geisterbahnhofe 
                        in East Berlin.

                                 SHARETT
                        Ghost stations. 

                                 REVIVO
                        Precisely. The trains run through, 
                        they don’t stop. Problem is, we’re 
                        looking at a subway system and 24 
                        hour armed guard on the station 
                        entrances. But here: Bornholmer 
                        Strasse, this one is overground. 

                                 SHARETT
                        Alright...
                                 REVIVO
                        There’s an entrance for track 
                        maintenance right about here. And 
                        our rail contact can make sure it’s 
                        unlocked and unmanned for a 5 
                        minute window. Then there’s a short 
                        walk along the track to the 
                        platform. Where the train is going 
                        to make an unscheduled stop.

                                 SHARETT
                        You found a driver.

                                 REVIVO
                        We think so. But this is going to 
                        be dictated by his shift. He’s on a 
                        different route. He’s going to need 
                        to trade assigned shifts with a co-
                        worker. There are variables here.

                                 SHARETT
                        So. We take what we can get. And 
                        from there?

                                 REVIVO
                        Into the American sector, straight 
                        to Templehof airbase. The agents 
                        transfer Mosiewicz to the care of 
                        two of our guys on a private 
                        charter. Then they transfer by car 
                        to Tegel International airport to 
                        take the return portions of their 
                        passenger flights home via Milan.

                                 SHARETT
                        Good work. Now all we need is 
                        Mosiewicz.

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY.

           Once again, Sarah is in the chair, Mosiewicz looming between 
           her legs, his fingers inside her. 

           Again, they converse in German, subtitled.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        How did you find me?

                                 SARAH
                          (pure panic rising)
                        What?
                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Who told you about me?

                                 SARAH
                        Who... told us?

           Mosiewicz looks confused by her reaction.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Were you referred by a doctor... 
                        Your insurance company... Or?

                                 SARAH
                          (trying to conceal her 
                          relief)
                        Oh, Doctor Eisenberg.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Ah-ha. How is the old jew?

                                 SARAH
                        Very good. Very well. Yes. 

           Mosiewicz picks up a cotton SWAB with a set of thin metal 
           TONGS and dips into a jar of CLEAR LIQUID.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        This may burn a little. 

           It does. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Is there a history of fertility 
                        problems in your family, Frau 
                        Roget?

           Sarah shakes her head, unable to talk in her discomfort.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        How many brothers and sisters do 
                        you have?

                                 SARAH
                        None. It’s just me.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        An only child?

           Sarah nods. Mosiewicz smiles, not unkindly.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        And yet you say there’s no family 
                        history of fertility problems?
                                 SARAH
                        Actually... My mother could no 
                        longer give birth after the war.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        The war changed a lot of people. 

           EXT. BERLIN STREET. DAY.

           Sarah and David turn into their quiet side street. Again, 
           David does not remove his arm from Sarah’s shoulder.

                                 DAVID
                        As bad as the first time?

                                 SARAH
                        Yes. No... I don’t know. 

                                 DAVID
                        Only once more. Then never again. 

                                 SARAH
                        Let’s hope so.

           He squeezes her close to him and kisses the top of her head. 
           She looks up at him, overwhelmed. He stares straight ahead.

           INT. BERLIN SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah sits at the table wearing her nightgown and robe, 
           reading. Stephen wanders in, shirtless. She doesn’t look up. 

           Stephen wanders over to the bathroom, reaches for the 
           doorframe and begins to perform a series of perfectly 
           executed pull-ups. He glances over to see if Sarah is 
           watching. She isn’t. 

           Off this scene, the camera jibs up to...

           EXT. BERLIN SAFEHOUSE - ROOF. CONTINUOUS.

           ...The roof of the apartment building. David is here, and at 
           first it appears that he is just staring into the distance. 
           But as we close in on his right hand, we see that he is 
           holding a small RADIO UNIT in his hand, and holds one finger 
           to a small earpiece in his ear, listening intently.

           We begin to hear the MORSE CLICKS of the coded message David 
           is receiving, getting louder and clearer as we drift away 
           from him...
           EXT. AERIAL TRAVELLING SHOT. CONTINUOUS.

           ...and across the moonlit rooftops of East Berlin, swooping 
           along the Berlin Wall, past a checkpoint, across the bleak 
           gravel and trip wires of the “death strip” - the no-man’s 
           land between the East and West portions of the wall - and 
           into West Berlin.

           Here the clicks of the morse signal continue to grow louder 
           as we fly through the streets and into an upper window of a 
           building...

           INT. WEST BERLIN APARTMENT. CONTINUOUS.  

           ...And into a nondescript room, in which an Israeli agent 
           sits (we may recognise him as the Smartly Dressed Man from 
           earlier) works swiftly and intently at the MORSE TRANSMITTER 
           KEY in his hand. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           Stephen’s rather ostentatious pull-up display is still going 
           on as David bursts in. Sarah looks up immediately and closes 
           her book. Stephen jumps down heavily, out of breath.

                                 DAVID
                        We have a green light. 

           Sarah reacts. Thankful, exhilarated and terrified, all at 
           once.

                                 SARAH
                        Tomorrow.

           David nods. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah lies awake. Beyond her door, we hear the PIANO being 
           played. Some nondescript light classical piece. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DINING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Stephen is playing. Sarah, still putting on her robe, walks 
           in and slips onto the piano bench beside him. He continues to 
           play as he speaks.
           She listens for a while, then begins playfully to plink 
           occasionally at the high keys closest to her. 

           Stephen gives her a mock stern look, then casually stops 
           playing, pretending not to really mind. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Can’t sleep? Nervous about 
                        tomorrow?

           She gestures at the keyboard, deliberately ignoring the 
           question.

                                 SARAH
                        Go on. Play some more.

                                 STEPHEN
                        What shall I play? 

           She shrugs.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        What’s your favourite song?

                                 SARAH
                        Hmm. Let’s see... Um... oooh, you 
                        know what I really like at the 
                        moment - do you know how to play 
                        House of the Rising Sun?

           As he begins, Stephen can barely contain his joy at the fact 
           that she’s chosen a song he can play extremely skillfully. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Wow. 

           To his delight, she listens intently. 

           David enters and joins them at the piano. Sarah smiles up at 
           him. He offers her his hand. She can’t quite take this in.

                                 DAVID
                        A dance?

           She accepts. And, tentatively they begin to dance. Close. 

                                 SARAH
                          (whispering)
                        David. I’m scared.

           He draws her closer still, cradling her head against his 
           chest, burying his face in her hair as they move together.
           We see an expression cross Stephen’s face. An expression that 
           says “well this is just fucking great”. 

           Abruptly, he concludes his performance of House of the Rising 
           Sun and begins to play an extremely fast rendition of 
           Chantilly Lace. 

           An awkward moment for Sarah and David, the mood broken, just 
           as Stephen intended. They stop dancing. David pats her on the 
           shoulder.

                                 DAVID
                        I’m going back to bed. Tonight of 
                        all nights, we should at least try 
                        to sleep, if we can. 

           Sarah catches his arm as he turns to go, pulling him to her 
           again.

                                 SARAH
                        Aren’t you scared? Just a little?

                                 DAVID
                        Of course I am. 

           Spontaneously, they hug. OC, we hear Stephen’s increasingly 
           violent piano playing.

           Sarah tilts her face up to David’s for a kiss. He shakes his 
           head. A wistful but firm refusal. 

           Sarah wheels round and storms across the room, back to 
           Stephen, and sits heavily down beside him. She throws David a 
           tear-streaked stare before clumsily, urgently, taking 
           Stephen’s face in her hands and kissing him. 

           David stands, trapped momentarily in the horrible, resonant 
           silence that remains as Stephen’s hands leave the piano to 
           clutch at Sarah. 

           The piano bench SCRAPES across the floorboards as Stephen and 
           Sarah drop to the floor, tearing at one another’s clothes. 

           And finally, David turns and leaves the room, closing the 
           door behind him. 

           INT. WAITING ROOM. DAY.

           Sarah sits apart from the cheery expectant mothers. 
                                 NURSE
                        Frau Roget? The doctor will see you 
                        now.

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY.

           Sarah is in the chair for what she knows will - whatever 
           happens - be the last time. 

           As before, they converse in German, subtitled.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Alright, this is my hand. And this 
                        is the speculum. It’s going to be a 
                        little cold. 

                                 SARAH
                        Okay.

           He begins the exam.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You had intercourse last night.

                                 SARAH
                        Yes.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Good, good.

           Sarah flinches.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        A little tender?

           She nods.

           He withdraws his fingers and taps his thumb and forefinger 
           together, the residue on them stretching into sticky strands. 
           He studies this with interest.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        See how the cervical mucus is the 
                        consistency of egg white? This is 
                        good. You’re at the most fertile 
                        stage of your cycle. Excellent 
                        timing, Frau Roget. This way, we’ll 
                        know - if you don’t fall pregnant 
                        this month - that there might be a 
                        more complex problem.

           She nods again, alarmed. He resumes the internal exam.
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You have nothing to fear. You’re in 
                        good hands. Have faith in me, 
                        you’re going to see results. Ask 
                        any of my patients and they’ll tell 
                        you. 

                                 SARAH
                        Any of them? How about your 
                        patients in Birkenau, Doctor? 

           Mosiewicz looks up in shock. 

           With impressive power, Sarah clamps his head between her 
           knees. Swiftly, she grabs a fistful of his hair and forces 
           his head down, so as to keep him more firmly immobilised 
           between her thighs. We now see that she has A SYRINGE 
           concealed in her hand. She jams it into the side of his neck. 

           Mosiewicz falls limp, his face dropping into her groin. A 
           moment’s pause and then she pushes him to the ground, leaps 
           up and deliberately knocks the tray of medical instruments to 
           the floor. 

           Scant seconds later, the nurse runs in and reacts in panic at 
           the sight of the prone Mosiewicz. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        He collapsed!

                                 NURSE
                        What happened?!

                                 SARAH
                        I don’t know! I don’t know! He just 
                        clutched his chest and collapsed! 

           The nurse grabs for the phone and dials.

                                 NURSE
                          (into the phone)
                        I need an ambulance! Karlstrasse 
                        42, fifth floor. The clinic. My 
                        husband has had a heart attack.

           Sarah reacts to this revelation.

           INT. A VAN. DAY.

           David and Stephen are here, wearing white coats. David wears 
           a stethoscope around his neck. Both listen intently to the 
           scanning equipment that is on the seat between them.
           The following conversation is in German, subtitled.

                                 EMERGENCY OPERATOR (O.S.)
                          (filtered)
                        Your name please?

                                 NURSE (O.S.)
                          (filtered)
                        It’s Frau Bernhardt, please, please 
                        hurry! 

                                 EMERGENCY OPERATOR (O.S.)
                          (filtered)
                        The ambulance is already on the 
                        way, madam. 

           David and Stephen give one another the nod and Stephen starts 
           the engine. 

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY.

           Sarah, now out of the medical gown and dressed in her own 
           clothes again, looks anxiously out of the window.

           The nurse crouches by the unconscious Mosiewicz, monitoring 
           his breathing. 

                                 SARAH
                        I didn’t know he was your husband. 
                        I’m so sorry.

           In the distance we hear a siren.

           INT. REAL AMBULANCE. DAY.

           The siren is loud now, since we’re inside a real ambulance, 
           with two real medics. They speak in German, subtitled.

                                 FIRST MEDIC
                          (into radio mouthpiece)
                        Actually inside the clinic, yes? 
                        Copy that.

           EXT. REAL AMBULANCE. DAY. 

           Cars pull over to allow the speeding ambulance to pass. 
           INT. VAN. DAY.   

           Stephen bangs his fist in frustration on the steering wheel.  

           EXT. VAN. DAY.

           The fake ambulance, stationary, revving aggressively, in a 
           small traffic snarl-up behind a delivery van.

           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY. 

           Sarah is still at the window. There’s another burst of siren - 
           louder now - the real ambulance is getting closer. 

           The nurse wipes away a tear, tense and frightened.

                                 NURSE
                          (to no one in particular)
                        Oh god! Come on, come on! Hurry!

           Sarah touches her shoulder sympathetically. 

                                 SARAH
                        They’re coming. They’ll be here in 
                        a moment, honestly. It’s going to 
                        be fine. He’s going to be... fine. 

                                 NURSE
                        Thank you... thank you. 

           The siren stops again and Sarah darts back to the window to 
           see a vehicle pulling up. Whether it’s the real ambulance or 
           the fake one, we’re not sure, and neither is she.

                                 SARAH
                        They’re here. Stay with him. I’ll 
                        get the door. 

           The nurse nods gratefully.

           INT. WAITING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah dashes past the concerned patients and flings open the 
           door to see... David and Stephen, holding a stretcher. Utter 
           relief.
           INT. EXAMINATION ROOM. DAY. 

           Sarah leads them in. David crouches down beside Mosiewicz and 
           takes his pulse. 

                                 DAVID
                        Okay, we’re going to need to take 
                        him to the hospital immediately. 

           He and Stephen open up the stretcher and transfer Mosiewicz 
           to it with some efficiency.

                                 NURSE
                        Is he going to be alright?

                                 DAVID
                        We’ll do everything we can. 

                                 NURSE
                        Oh god!

           Sarah and the nurse follow David and Stephen as they carry 
           the stretcher out through the waiting room. 

           INT. REAL AMBULANCE. DAY.

           The first medic scans the building numbers while the second 
           medic drives.

                                 FIRST MEDIC
                        Eighty eight... Eighty six... What 
                        are we, forty two?

           A car pulls out very slowly in front of them. The second 
           medic sighs and turns on the SIREN again.

           EXT. BERLIN STREET. CONTINUOUS.

           We hear the siren of the real ambulance starting up not-so-
           very-far-away down the street as David, Stephen, Sarah and 
           the nurse hurry down the stairs towards the waiting vehicle.

           David and Stephen hurriedly load the stretcher into the back, 
           the siren growing ever closer.

           The nurse goes to climb in after him, but David stops her.

                                 DAVID
                        So sorry, Madam, but you’ll need to 
                        meet us at the hospital.
                                 NURSE
                        But... I want to travel with him.

                                 DAVID
                        Not possible I’m afraid. New 
                        regulations. 

           He slams the back doors shut and drives away, leaving Sarah 
           and the nurse on the pavement. 

                                 SARAH
                        Don’t worry, he’s in good hands 
                        now, I’m sure. 

           As Sarah walks away, we - and the nurse - begin to register 
           that the siren is growing louder with every second.

           The real ambulance pulls up, and the medics leap out, dashing 
           straight past the confused nurse and into the clinic. 

           Sarah casts a final, slightly guilty, glance at the nurse. 
           Then she walks away briskly and doesn’t look back. 

           INT. MOSSAD HQ. DAY.

           Sharett, Revivo and a group of assembled agents are assembled 
           in Sharett’s office, obviously in fine spirits, having just 
           received news of the mission’s success. As the agents begin 
           to talk among themselves and filter out of the room, Sharett 
           leans over to Revivo.

                                 SHARETT
                        The train is set for Friday, yes?
                          (off his nod)
                        And the agents have been informed?

                                 REVIVO
                        I’m sending details of the 
                        extraction plan in this evening’s 
                        communiqué. Do you have any 
                        personal message for them?

                                 SHARETT
                        Just our congratulations. Tell them 
                        I look forward to commending them 
                        in person in two days time. And... 
                        Be careful. 
           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DINING ROOM. NIGHT.   

           David, Sarah and Stephen sit around the dining table, plates 
           of food before them. Stephen eats voraciously while Sarah 
           picks halfheartedly, and David not at all, smoking a 
           cigarette instead. 

           Suddenly, Stephen downs his cutlery, wipes his mouth and 
           reaches behind his chair, producing a paper bag which he 
           hands to Sarah.

                                 SARAH
                        What’s this?

                                 STEPHEN
                        For you.  

           She opens the bag to find: a VINYL 7 INCH SINGLE. We can’t 
           see the cover. She smiles, touched, but a little uneasy.

                                 SARAH
                        ...Thank you.

           Stephen gestures to her to put it on. She walks to a RECORD 
           PLAYER in the corner and complies. 

           The House of the Rising Sun begins to play. 

           The music fills the room, Sarah sits back down at the table, 
           shell-shocked and far from at ease. Stephen resumes his meal 
           and we pan across the room and down to where we see...

           Mosiewicz. Seated on the floor, against the wall, tied to a 
           pipe. Tape over his mouth. Watching.

           He stares towards them as we hear the clacking and scraping 
           of Stephen’s knife and fork. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DINING ROOM. DAY

           With an unsteady hand, Sarah approaches Mosiewicz, stirring a 
           bowl of oatmeal. He stares at her, his gaze unwavering, 
           deliberately unsettling. 

           In the silence, we hear rain falling heavily outside.

           Finally she sits beside him, and removes the tape from his 
           mouth. He says nothing, just opens his mouth obediently.

           Sarah feeds him a spoonful of oatmeal. He speaks to Sarah in 
           German, subtitled.
                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        What’s your name?

           Sarah ignores the question.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Rachel? Hannah?... Sarah? Esther?

           She tries not to flinch at hearing her name.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You Jews don’t stray far from your 
                        roots, do you? All those biblical 
                        names. It’s a good thing. Excellent 
                        thing.

           Sarah spoons in another mouthful. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Very satisfying book, the bible. I 
                        loved it as a child. Studied it. 

           A pause. And now, to Sarah’s extreme surprise, he begins to 
           speak to her in English, and now continues to do so 
           throughout.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        It’s all about retribution, really, 
                        isn’t it? Higher justice. 

           Sarah hesitates, but tries to conceal her surprise.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Yes. I understand you perfectly. 

           Sarah quickly spoons in another mouthful, a bigger one. 
           Wishing he’d stop talking. He doesn’t take his eyes off her 
           for a moment.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You weren’t lying at the clinic 
                        when you told me about your mother 
                        were you? 

           Sarah shovels in another mouthful, although he’s not yet done 
           swallowing the last one. Nevertheless, he gulps it down, 
           determined to maintain some semblance of control and dignity.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        It’s funny... People tend to tell 
                        the truth when their genitals are 
                        being touched. 
           Sarah thrusts the spoon towards him again, but this time he 
           turns his head away to refuse it.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You’re different to the Jews in 
                        Birkenau, you know. You have... 
                        strength. Rage. 

           Sarah pushes in another big spoonful of oatmeal. Mosiewicz 
           swallows it as fast as he can. He won’t be silenced. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        But it’s not just me you’re angry 
                        with, is it? Not just the Reich. 
                        You’re angry with your mother, too.

           Tears well in Sarah’s eyes. Another spoonful goes in. 
           Mosiewicz swallows faster.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You rage at her weakness. 

           She mashes another big spoonful into his mouth, hard. He 
           chokes it down. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You loathe her for it.

           She goes in with another spoonful but this time, Mosiewicz 
           spits it in her face. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You Jews never knew how to kill. 
                        You only knew how to die. 

           Determined not to show emotion in front of him, Sarah stands 
           and hurriedly wipes his mouth with a cloth before silencing 
           him with a fresh piece of tape and darting into the bathroom.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Alone now, Sarah fights back tears as she wipes the oatmeal 
           from her shirt and washes it from her face. 

           Turning to find Stephen standing behind her, she composes 
           herself. 

                                 SARAH
                        Did you hear any of that?

                                 STEPHEN
                        What?
                                 SARAH
                        He can understand every word we’re 
                        saying!

                                 STEPHEN
                        It won’t be long. David’ll be back 
                        any minute with all the details. 
                        You’ll only have - what is it? - 
                        one more shift? Not long. Don’t let 
                        him get to you.

           Sarah nods and wipes at her face again.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                          (deadpan)
                        If it’d make you feel better, I 
                        could shoot him in the knee or 
                        something? 

           Sarah laughs, shakes her head.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Balls? 

           She laughs again and he puts his arms around her for a 
           comforting hug. But before either can speak, they hear a door 
           bang open loudly.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - DININGROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           David enters, hair wet from the rain outside. He tears his 
           coat off and throws it sharply onto the table.

                                 DAVID
                        Well, looks like we’re not getting 
                        out of here any time soon. 

           Sarah and Stephen emerge from the bathroom.

                                 STEPHEN
                        What?

           David busies himself tightening the ropes at Mosiewicz’s 
           wrists and ankles. He doesn’t look up.

                                 DAVID
                        Train driver’s shift got changed. 

                                 SARAH
                        ‘Til when?
                                 DAVID
                        They don’t know.

                                 STEPHEN
                        What do you mean?

                                 DAVID
                        I mean they don’t know. There isn’t 
                        a date. So... We wait. We stay 
                        here. Until it’s rescheduled.

                                 SARAH
                        But it’ll be soon, yeah?

           David fixes her with a look.

                                 DAVID
                        Not necessarily. 
                          (a beat)
                        Did you feed him?

                                 SARAH
                          (rising panic)
                        Isn’t there some other way out? We 
                        just need to get him to the 
                        airfield, there must be... I mean, 
                        what did they say?

                                 DAVID
                          (insistent)
                        Has he eaten?

                                 STEPHEN
                        What do you care if he’s eaten?! 

                                 DAVID
                        I care that these shifts are 
                        actually working! Supposedly it’s 
                        your shift now, Stephen, but I come 
                        in and you’re in the bathroom with 
                        Sarah! So forgive me if I’m less 
                        than confident that everyone’s 
                        doing what they’re supposed to be 
                        doing!
                          (wheeling round to Sarah)
                        Now, answer the fucking question: 
                        Did you feed him?

                                 SARAH
                        YES! I fed him just now! 

           Mosiewicz observes the group with curiosity, as he has done 
           throughout, and continues to do.
                                 DAVID
                        Okay, listen to me. We could be 
                        here several more days, or it could 
                        be weeks. We need to make sure we 
                        have a system, and we need to make 
                        sure that we stay focussed. Every 
                        eight hours, when we change shifts, 
                        we take him to the bathroom...

                                 SARAH
                        I know!

                                 DAVID
                          (ignoring her outburst)
                        ...Whether he wants to go or not. 
                        At the beginning of the shift, we 
                        give him water. At the end of the 
                        shift, he eats. Whether he wants to 
                        or not. We shave him once a day. We 
                        never talk to him. We never leave 
                        him unattended. We focus. And we 
                        get through this. Agreed?

                                 STEPHEN
                          (grudgingly)
                        Agreed.

           Sarah, still fuming, just nods.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. MONTAGE.

           An armchair has been pulled into place directly opposite 
           where Mosiewicz sits on the floor. From Mosiewicz’s POV, we 
           see:

           - Day. Stephen sits polishing a gun.

           - Night. David lights a cigarette.

           - Day. Sarah flops into the chair and just sits, staring into 
           space.

           - Day. Thunder outside. Stephen wearing just his undershirt, 
           inspects his nails. 

           - Night. An increasingly unkempt David blows smoke rings. OS, 
           from one of the bedrooms, we hear a the rhythmic thump of a 
           bedstead against the wall, punctuated by Sarah moaning.

           - Day. Sarah messy-haired, perches on the edge of the chair 
           beside David, her leg touching his. They sit in silence for a 
           moment before he crosses his own legs, breaking the contact.
           - Day. Sarah, is in the chair when Stephen comes up behind 
           her and strokes her neck. She wheels around, irritated.

           - Night. Stephen rises from the chair to be replaced by 
           David, the two barely acknowledging one another.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - BATHROOM. DAY.

           Sarah prepares a bowl of shaving cream. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah strips the tape off Mosiewicz’s mouth, smears the cream 
           over his face, and begins to shave his neck. Both of them 
           aware that she is holding a STRAIGHT RAZOR at his throat.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Do it.

           Sarah catches her breath, stops.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                          (whispering)
                        You want to. You want to so badly. 
                        I can see it in your eyes. 

           Sarah breathes deeply, avoids eye contact, continues.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        A different angle, the smallest 
                        pressure and it would be done. The 
                        work of a moment. 

                                 SARAH
                          (softly, still no eye 
                          contact)
                        I wouldn’t give you the 
                        satisfaction of avoiding trial.

           Mosiewicz laughs. She’s talking. A small victory.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You like to believe that. But in 
                        fact, you can think of nothing 
                        else. It’s eating you alive. 

           Slowly, deliberately, Sarah starts shaving the other side of 
           his throat.
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You picture it, don’t you? My 
                        jugular vein opening. You wonder if 
                        the blood would spill out, or 
                        spurt. Would it pump out onto the 
                        walls? You imagine it on your 
                        hands, your face. You can almost 
                        feel it.

           She moves the razor to his cheek, keen to get this finished 
           as swiftly as possible.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        And part of you wants to do it just 
                        to prove to me that what I said 
                        about the Jews isn’t true. 
                          (a beat)
                        You want to know what stops you? 
                          (another)
                        You think that resisting your urge 
                        to kill is what makes you humane. 
                        What gives you the humanity you 
                        believe I lack.

                                 SARAH
                          (feigning disinterest)
                        Mmm-hm. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Only by telling yourself that I am 
                        a lesser human being can you 
                        justify your crime to yourself. 
                          (a beat)
                        And make no mistake, this is a 
                        crime you and your colleagues are 
                        perpetrating. What will you tell 
                        the police if you are discovered? 
                        That you were following the orders 
                        of your government? That you were 
                        pawns? Or that you believed you 
                        were acting in the service of a 
                        righteous cause? We’re not so very 
                        different, you and I. 

           Finally, he has succeeded in riling her. With fierce and 
           violent pressure, she wipes away the remainder of the shaving 
           cream, leaving his face raw. She slaps a new piece of tape 
           over his mouth, hard, and gets up.
           INT. SAFEHOUSE - BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Incandescent with rage, Sarah throws the razor and the bowl 
           into the basin. 

           Stephen rushes in and holds her close.

                                 SARAH
                        I didn’t mean to talk to him.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Shhh. It’s alright. Deep breath. 

           She complies.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Go and get some fresh air or 
                        something, okay? I’ll take over.

                                 SARAH
                        There’s another two hours to go on 
                        my shift. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        I know. Doesn’t matter.

           Stephen strokes her hair and rubs her shoulders and she 
           begins to relax a little.

                                 SARAH
                        Sure?

                                 STEPHEN
                        One hundred percent.

           He kisses her on the forehead.

           EXT. BERLIN SAFEHOUSE - ROOF. NIGHT.

           David is here again, finger to his ear, waiting to receive 
           another message. Sarah sits beside him, just keeping him 
           company. Because she wants to.

           Their eyes meet and there is so much unspoken longing here 
           that it’s not long before Sarah can no longer stand to leave 
           the tension unbroken. 

                                 SARAH
                        Anything yet?
           He shakes his head, gestures at his watch and touches his 
           finger to his lips. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           Mosiewicz is standing, walking unsteadily to the bathroom, 
           supported by Stephen, his hands tied. Stephen holds a gun at 
           his back.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           With some reluctance, Stephen undoes Mosiewicz’s trousers and 
           pulls them down, along with his underwear. He looks away, 
           more out of distaste than a desire to protect than man’s 
           dignity. He pushes Mosiewicz down to sit on the toilet and 
           stands back, the gun trained on him. 

           Mosiewicz’s gaze is firmly fixed on something. We follow his 
           eyeline to:

           The razor standing in a mug beside the basin. 

           Stephen notes his stare, but misunderstands.

                                 STEPHEN
                        You want water? I suppose you can 
                        have your water now.

           Carefully, with one hand - the other keeping the gun leveled 
           at Mosiewicz - Stephen dumps the razor out and fills the mug 
           with water.

           He removes the tape from Mosiewicz’s mouth, and gives him a 
           drink. After a sip, Mosiewicz pauses and smiles up at 
           Stephen.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        So tell me, I’m curious: how long 
                        did you wait after he rejected her 
                        before you made your move?

           Stephen is visibly startled, but says nothing.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        I see you watching. Watching the 
                        way she looks at him. 

           Stephen gives him another drink of water.
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        If you think she has feelings for 
                        you, you’re deluding yourself.  
                        When she’s with you, she pretends 
                        you’re him. I guarantee it. You 
                        think she closes her eyes when 
                        you’re fucking her because she’s 
                        enjoying it? 

           Stephen politely offers the glass to Mosiewicz in a 
           remarkable demonstration of self control. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Some more?

           Mosiewicz shakes his head. Stephen calmly pours the remaining 
           water away. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        There again, whore like that 
                        probably doesn’t care. Considering 
                        she got wet pretty fast when I 
                        touched her, I’d hazard a guess 
                        that she’s not especially fussy 
                        about who she spreads her legs for. 

                                 STEPHEN
                          (re: the toilet. Or is 
                          it.)
                        Finished?

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Yes, thank you.

           In a business-like manner, Stephen hoists Mosiewicz back to 
           his feet and pulls up his trousers. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. MOMENTS LATER.

           Mosiewicz’s is back in his usual place, his ankles re-
           fastened together, his hands behind the pipe. Stephen, 
           standing over him, appears to be keeping it together 
           extremely well, though he applies fresh tape to Mosiewicz’s 
           mouth with just a little more relish than necessary.

           The job done, Stephen withdraws the gun from where he has 
           holstered it in his waistband, and stares at it for a couple 
           of beats before hurriedly walking over to a CABINET and 
           shoving it into a drawer. He slams the drawer shut and stands 
           beside the cabinet, forcing himself to take a few deep, 
           controlled breaths. 
           Then he moves over to the piano in the corner, as far away 
           from Mosiewicz as he can get. 

           Stephen begins to play the piano. Nicely at first, and then 
           he begins to mess around, deliberately hitting discordant 
           notes. 

           Mosiewicz laughs.

           Stephen begins to laugh, too. Continues the game. Soon, both 
           men are laughing together.

           Both continue to laugh as Stephen rises from the piano, walks 
           towards Mosiewicz and stands over him. 

           A pause. And then Stephen strikes Mosiewicz. A single, open 
           handed blow. Mosiewicz reels.

           Stephen steps away and sits down heavily in the armchair, 
           struggling for control. Then he’s up again.

           He turns on the RECORD PLAYER, places the needle on the disk -  
           House of the Rising Sun - and cranks it up loud. Then he rips 
           off his shirt and undershirt. 

           He stares Mosiewicz in the eye... And drops to the floor 
           before him where he begins, frenetically, to execute army-
           style push-ups. Faster and faster and faster until, bubbling 
           over with rage and adrenalin, he rushes at Mosiewicz and 
           taunts him, growling and posturing like an animal preparing 
           to for a possibly-lethal demonstration of masculine 
           dominance.

           At the sound of this inhuman roaring, David and Sarah rush 
           in, down from the roof, both still wearing their outdoor 
           coats.

                                 SARAH
                        Stephen!

                                 DAVID
                        What the hell...? Put your shirt 
                        on!

                                 STEPHEN
                          (rounding on him)
                        Why? Are you jealous?

                                 SARAH
                        Oh my god, what’s the matter with 
                        you?

           David hauls Stephen up and grips him firmly by the arms. 
                                 DAVID
                        Calm down, Stephen. There’s no need 
                        for this. Listen to me. We’ll be 
                        out of here tomorrow evening.

                                 STEPHEN
                        What?

           Sarah rubs Stephen’s back, trying to calm him down. 

                                 SARAH
                        The train. It’s been rearranged. 
                        Tomorrow at eight. 

           Stephen throws his arms around Sarah and David in a sweaty 
           group hug of utter relief.

           EXT. BORNHOLMER STRASSE STATION. NIGHT. 

           This place lives up to our every expectation of a ghost 
           station: eerily deserted, it’s faded posters and notice- 
           boards somehow lending it the air of a location abandoned in 
           haste.  

           Sarah, David and Stephen wait on the windswept platform with 
           Mosiewicz, who is seated in a WHEELCHAIR, a woolen BLANKET 
           over his legs.

           Sarah rearranges Mosiewicz’s blanket, and we see that his 
           hands are tied to the armrests of the wheelchair. He stares 
           at her. At first she refuses to meet his gaze, then at last 
           she does.  

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Ironic, isn’t it? Me. Forced onto a 
                        train. To carry me to my eventual 
                        extermination. 

           Sarah looks away sharply. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        And see how easy it is for you to 
                        do this, when you believe that your 
                        cause is just. Ironic indeed.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Not really. I don’t recall there 
                        being any due legal process at the 
                        camps, Mosiewicz. I don’t believe 
                        that anyone executed there had 
                        committed any crime. Correct me if 
                        I’m wrong. 
           David shoots Stephen a stern look for talking to their 
           prisoner and interjects.

                                 DAVID
                        I make it nearly eight. 

           Stephen and Sarah check their own watches and shake their 
           heads.

                                 STEPHEN
                        One minute to. 

           At this moment, we begin to hear the sound of a DISTANT TRAIN 
           approaching.

           Stephen seizes the handles of the wheelchair, and all three 
           take a step forward in readiness, squinting into the 
           darkness, down the track. The train gets louder as it nears.

           Seconds later, the LIGHTS of the train appear, and all three 
           cannot contain their smiles of relief. But the smiles soon 
           start to fade.

                                 SARAH
                        He’s not slowing down. Why isn’t he 
                        slowing down? 

           In a blur of noise and light, of faces in lit train windows 
           caught for a split second and then gone, the train hurtles 
           past them and  races away into the distance. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Fuck!

           All three react, looking at one another in abject dismay and 
           disbelief as they stand on the empty platform, silent now as 
           the sound of the train fades into the distance.  

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                          (smirking)
                        Well, well... Imagine how different 
                        history might have been if we’d 
                        been as incompetent as you. 

                                 STEPHEN
                          (to David)
                        What happened?

                                 SARAH
                        How does he know what happened?! 
                        None of us know what happened! 
                                 DAVID
                        We go back and wait for word from 
                        West Berlin. That’s all we can do.

           Stephen nods and begins to push Mosiewicz in his chair - 
           still chuckling to himself - down the platform, towards the 
           maintenance walkway. The other two follow. 

           When they reach the end of the platform, David jumps down 
           onto the walkway, ready to help Stephen lift the chair down. 
           But before they can get any further, they hear a SHOUT, and 
           look up to see: two armed STASI OFFICERS, running towards 
           them from the other end of the platform.

           They speak in German, subtitled.

                                 FIRST STASI OFFICER
                        Hey! What are you doing here?

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        They’re spies! I’ve been kidnapped! 
                        You must help me! 

           Sarah walks towards the officers.

                                 SARAH
                        Wait, let me -

           The second officer levels his gun at her.

                                 SECOND STASI OFFICER
                        Who are you? Papers! Now!  

           She puts her hands up. Then, impossibly fast, she goes for 
           the officer’s arm. A horrible SNAPPING of bone, the gun flies 
           from his hand, and he falls to the ground. 

           Before the other officer can react, Stephen is on his back 
           and has tackled him to the ground. 

           An intense fight ensues, and for the first time we see the 
           results of the agents’ Mossad training in full effect. 
           Mosiewicz watches in alarm as, with extraordinary precision, 
           the three agents disarm the officers, leaving one unconscious 
           and the other on the ground and groaning. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Everyone alright?

           The other two nod. Stephen walks calmly over to the still-
           conscious officer and swiftly applies a shoulder grip that 
           leaves him out cold.
                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Good. Then let’s go. 

           He strides off towards Mosiewicz. Trapped in his wheelchair 
           and most decidedly not smirking any more. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah sits at the table, her head in her hands. Stephen paces 
           up and down. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        This isn’t good. This isn’t good at 
                        all. They’re going to come looking 
                        for us. We have to get out. Fast. 

                                 SARAH
                        But we can’t. I mean, WE can. But 
                        not with him. 

           She gestures over at Mosiewicz, who is back in place, tied to 
           the pipe and gagged again, watching them carefully.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        They’ll search a car. And even if 
                        we sedated him or something, he’d 
                        need papers, and -  

           She tails off as David jogs in, breathless and ruddy faced 
           from the cold of the roof. Stephen, Sarah - and Mosiewicz - 
           look at him expectantly.

                                 DAVID
                        Okay: problem. The train driver 
                        backed out on us. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        No shit.

                                 SARAH
                        Just tonight, or altogether?

                                 DAVID
                        Altogether. So they’re coming up 
                        with a new plan. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        How long is that going to take? 
                                 DAVID
                        God knows. But it's going to be at 
                        least another week before we can be 
                        replaced.

                                 SARAH
                        What? You didn't tell them -

                                 STEPHEN
                        Replaced?? No one is taking this 
                        bastard away from me. I caught him. 
                        I'm bringing him home. 

                                 SARAH
                          (correcting him)
                        We caught him. The three of us.

                                 STEPHEN
                          (to David, ignoring her)
                        How could you even let them suggest 
                        replacing us?! 

                                 SARAH
                        After all we went through... We 
                        can’t...

                                 STEPHEN
                        What did you tell them? Did you 
                        agree to it?

           David ignores him and begins checking Mosiewicz's bonds 
           again. He tightens the rope at Mosiewicz ankles.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT'D)
                        Did you agree??

                                 DAVID
                        Get out of here. Both of you.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           David approaches Mosiewicz with a bowl of oatmeal and strips 
           the tape from Mosiewicz’s mouth. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Another week, then. Another week of 
                        watching them together. 

           David starts to feed him.
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        You know she’s only with him 
                        because of you, don’t you? 

           David continues to ignore him.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        I’m curious: you pretend not to 
                        care, when clearly you do. I’ve 
                        seen your face when you listen to 
                        them fucking. All that noise... You 
                        do realise she only makes it for 
                        your benefit? It’s you she loves, 
                        not him.

           David calmly places the bowl down on the floor.

                                 DAVID
                        What does a monster like you know 
                        about human emotion? 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        What makes you so sure I’m a 
                        monster?

                                 DAVID
                        Oh spare me this conversation. 
                        You’re going to tell me you believe 
                        that your atrocities were 
                        justifiable because you committed 
                        them in the name of science and 
                        progress. And I’m going to 
                        disagree. So don’t waste your 
                        breath.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You’d disagree that my work was in 
                        the service of progress, or that by 
                        being so it was justifiable? 

                                 DAVID
                        You call operations without 
                        anaesthesia progress? Blinding 
                        children with chemicals while you 
                        tried to change the colour of their 
                        eyes? Replacing the hands and legs 
                        of innocents and watching them die? 
                          (losing his cool now)
                        You truly believe that is PROGRESS?

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Why else would I participate?
                                 DAVID
                        There’s no explanation for your 
                        actions, and I’m not looking for 
                        one.

           David feeds him another mouthful.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        I don’t believe you. 

                                 DAVID
                        Okay, you really want to know what 
                        I think? I think all of you have a 
                        fervent, pathological belief that 
                        you’re genuinely members of a 
                        superior race. With a divine right 
                        to eliminate any other. But that’s 
                        all it is. Hubris. Proper, 
                        pathological hubris. The delusions 
                        of madmen. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Hubris. Indeed. 
                          (a beat)
                        Herr Hitler was fascinated by the 
                        Jews, you know. There were those 
                        who said - and still say - that 
                        they taught him everything he knew. 

                                 DAVID
                        Save your breath, Doctor. I have no 
                        interest in your nonsense.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        A chosen race. God’s own people. A 
                        people who insisted on a 
                        matrilineal system to ensure racial 
                        purity. A people who chose a single 
                        secular leader - be it Moses or 
                        Joshua - to lead them into battle 
                        for their divine right. To 
                        slaughter those who did not follow 
                        the scripture. The Israelites 
                        slayed every man, woman and child 
                        in Samaria, didn’t they? Didn’t 
                        they rid their promised land of any 
                        who might taint the race, or at the 
                        very least place them in servitude? 
                        Your ideas, not ours. Every last 
                        one of them.
                          (a beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT'D)
                        You can accuse the Reich of hubris 
                        and egotism, but if you look a 
                        little further back in history, I 
                        think you’ll find that it was the 
                        Jew who wrote the book. 

                                 DAVID
                        Enough now. Enough of your crap.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You doubt that the Jew is 
                        egotistical? I saw it! Every day I 
                        saw it! Every one of them, thinking 
                        only of how to avoid being flogged, 
                        or kicked, or killed. Do you know 
                        why it was easy to exterminate you 
                        people? Why it only took four 
                        soldiers to lead a thousand people 
                        to the gas chambers? Entire 
                        families? Because not one, out of 
                        thousands, dared to resist, dared 
                        to be the first to fall. Not one 
                        would sacrifice himself. 

           David, incensed, raises his fist to Mosiewicz but, at the 
           last moment, regains control. Fist still clenched hard, he 
           lowers his hard, measuring his breaths.

           Mosiewicz smiles.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Ah, so you concede.

           David shakes his head in disbelief, determined not to let 
           himself become riled.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Frankly, you should be grateful for 
                        the cowardice of your people. 
                        Grateful to the Reich. In fact, 
                        perhaps you’d like to take this 
                        opportunity to thank me, on behalf 
                        of the Jews.

           David sighs. What now?

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Without us, you’d have no State of 
                        Israel. You think your Zionist 
                        movement would, in a million years, 
                        have succeeded if we hadn’t put an 
                        end to Jewish society in Europe? 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        Every time you Jews see your 
                        precious flag fly you should give 
                        thanks for what the Nazis did.

           David picks up the plate of oatmeal and smashes it forcefully 
           into Mosiewicz’s face. It shatters. Then, he punches him 
           repeatedly, as hard as he can.

           Mosiewicz slumps down, limp. And still David punches him.

           Sarah and Stephen run in, with Sarah reaching him first. She 
           throws her arms around him, trying to stop him, but - 
           instinctively - he throws a punch behind him. It connects, 
           splitting her lip and sending her flying to the ground. 

           Stephen runs at him, knocking him to the floor, and remains 
           lying on him, the two of them breathing hard, the assault 
           finally over. 

           Mosiewicz slumps forward, held up only by the rope at his 
           wrists binding him to the pipe on the wall. 

           Stephen picks up David, whose hand is bleeding profusely, 
           and, supporting him, begins to lead him out of the room. 
           Stephen nods in the direction of Mosiewicz.

                                 STEPHEN
                          (to Sarah)
                        Are you going to be alright with 
                        him?

                                 SARAH
                        I’ll be fine.

                                 STEPHEN
                          (to David)
                        Come on. You’re coming with me. 
                        We’re going to find another way 
                        out. 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - BATHROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah drenches a cloth under the tap. The razor lies beside 
           her in its bowl beside the basin.

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah wipes at Mosiewicz’s face. It’s a mess. He comes to, 
           wincing and groaning.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Thank you... Thank you...
                                 SARAH
                        It’s okay. He... He shouldn’t have 
                        done that. 

           She tears off a new strip of tape and places it over 
           Mosiewicz’s mouth, gently this time. 

           Struggling to calm herself, Sarah starts up the record player 
           and settles into the armchair opposite him, drained and 
           exhausted. Mosiewicz closes his eyes again.

           EXT. CHECKPOINT CHARLIE. NIGHT.

           From afar, we see a car waiting at the barrier. A BORDER 
           GUARD hands a PASSPORT and PAPERWORK back to the driver with 
           a polite nod of thanks. 

           He speaks a few words to the driver that we can’t hear - 
           we’re too far away - and moments later, the trunk pops open. 
           The guard inspects it thoroughly before closing it and 
           producing a MIRROR, which he uses to search underneath the 
           chassis.  

           Stephen and David, watching from afar, exchange weary looks. 
           This isn’t going to work. They begin to walk alongside the 
           wall, looking around them for ideas. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Let’s think about things people 
                        have done before.

                                 DAVID
                        Um... Tunnel. Air balloon.

           Stephen throws him a well-deserved raised eyebrow.

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        I wasn’t suggesting, I was just - 
                        you said ‘what have people done 
                        before’. 
                          (starting to lose it)
                        We’re screwed, Stephen. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        David -

                                 DAVID
                          (all control lost)
                        We’re stuck. We can’t get him out. 
                        We’re fucking stuck here, in that 
                        fucking apartment, with him. We’re 
                        screwed! 
                                 (MORE)
                                 DAVID (CONT'D)
                          (raising his voice)
                        Completely fucking screwed! 

           Across the street, a few late-night passers-by stare over to 
           see what the commotion is about. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        David, David, calm down... Okay... 
                        I’ve got it. Listen. How about 
                        this: We get a Trabant... 

           And we dissolve to...

           INT/EXT BERLIN OFFICE BUILDING - DAY.

           A tiny Trabant car, driven by Stephen. Sarah is in the 
           passenger seat, David and Mosiewicz in the back. The car 
           comes screeching round a corner, towards an office building. 

           Unexpectedly, it roars into the lobby of the building, and 
           into the elevator.

           Stephen leans out of the window and presses the button for 
           the top floor. 

           The elevator doors open, and the tiny car forges ahead, down 
           a long, corporate corridor, and into an open plan office 
           where it ploughs through the room, knocking desks and chairs 
           out of the way, never slowing down.

           Finally, it reaches what appears to be a dead end - a large 
           blank wall. Stephen turns to Sarah, who nods. Stephen floors 
           the pedal and smashes out through the wall.

           From outside the building - it becomes apparent now that the 
           windows are bricked up - we see the car erupt in a shower of 
           bricks and sail through the air, over the wall, over the 
           deathstrip and into West Berlin. 

           The dust barely has time to settle before the car accelerates 
           again towards an autobahn and freedom.

           EXT. THE WALL. NIGHT.

           David stares at Stephen in disbelief. Stephen gives him a 
           quizzical “what, you don’t like it?” look for as long as he 
           can before bursting into laughter. 

           Relieved, David begins to laugh too, and the pair laugh 
           together - far more than Stephen’s nonsense merited, 
           something verging on hysteria and a nervous release from the 
           unbearable stresses of the past weeks. 
           Stephen slaps David on the back. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        You alright now?

           David nods.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Come on. We’ll work this out. 
                        There’s got to be a way. Let’s go 
                        back, talk to Sarah, yeah? 

           INT. SAFEHOUSE - DININGROOM. NIGHT.

           From the record player comes the rhythmic, scratchy click of 
           of the needle trapped at the end of the disc.

           Sarah has fallen asleep in the armchair opposite Mosiewicz.

           Mosiewicz watches her carefully. And, behind his back, his 
           hands begin to move. Momentarily, we realise that they are 
           doing so with purpose: he leans sideways - still watching 
           Sarah intently -  and his fingers stretch to find A SHARD OF 
           THE BROKEN PLATE. 

           With some effort, he eases it up into his fingers and begins 
           to manipulate the sharp edge against the rope tying him to 
           the pipe. 

           From his POV, we now see: the razor. Where it always is. By 
           the basin. And yet closer to being within his grasp than it’s 
           ever been.

           Sarah opens her eyes sleepily, just for a moment and 
           Mosiewicz freezes. She sees nothing untoward. And her eyes 
           flutter closed once more, for what seems like only a moment.

           She opens them again to see: Mosiewicz, suddenly standing 
           over her. The razor in his hand, held high. With one powerful 
           motion, he brings it down, slicing her cheek open.

           Now, events unfold exactly as we saw earlier in the account 
           from Sarah’s book.

           Sarah leaps up, then stumbles back, hand to her face, as 
           Mosiewicz springs forward and slashes at her again with the 
           razor, catching her on the collar bone with such force that 
           the razor breaks. 

           She attempts to disarm Mosiewicz with a Krav Magah move, but 
           succeeds only in forcing his arm away and sending the broken 
           razor skittering across the floor. 
           Catching sight of the blood soaking through her shirt, Sarah, 
           aghast, loses concentration, and Mosiewicz takes a closed-
           fist swing at her. A hideous crunch, and she crumples, blood 
           squirting from her nose. 

           Mosiewicz begins to run, but Sarah scrambles onto all fours 
           and lunges at him, catching hold of his trouser leg as he 
           moves towards the door. 

           Mosiewicz grabs the LAMP from a nearby table, and smashes it 
           across the back of Sarah’s skull. She’s down now, and we 
           expect the doctor to make his escape, but apparently he’s not 
           finished. Seizing her collar in one hand, he punches her 
           again, twice, before allowing her to drop limply to the 
           floor. And finally, he’s gone.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE LOBBY. NIGHT.

           Mosiewicz runs down the stairs of the apartment building 
           toward the door to the street.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE. NIGHT.

           Sarah lies motionless. We wait for her to cough as we saw her 
           do before. But she doesn’t. She just continues to lie still. 

           An uncomfortably long period of time passes with no sign of 
           movement whatsoever. This definitely isn’t how we remember 
           it.

           INT./EXT. VIEW FROM THE WINDOW. CONTINUOUS.

           Down on the street below, just as before, we see Mosiewicz 
           bursting from the building and running away. But now Sarah is 
           not even standing here to see it. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE. CONTINUOUS. 

           Sarah hasn’t moved. She’s out cold. 

           INT./EXT. VIEW FROM THE WINDOW. CONTINUOUS.

           In the distance, the figure of Mosiewicz gets smaller and 
           smaller and threatens to vanish entirely from view. 

           And this time, it does. He’s gone.
           INT. BERLIN SAFEHOUSE. NIGHT.

           David, cradling Sarah's head in his lap, holds a blood-soaked 
           tea towel to her cheek. With his other hand, he dabs gently 
           with a handkerchief at her split lip: his handiwork.

           Stephen bursts in, out of breath. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Nothing. Not a trace. Nothing at 
                        all. 
                          (a beat)
                        How’s she doing?

                                 DAVID
                        I thought she was coming round just 
                        before. But she’s still out cold.

           Stephen removes the gun from his inside pocket and lays it on 
           a nearby side table. 

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                          (a grim jest)
                        Who’s that for - you or him?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Suicide is not the worst option 
                        here, believe me. 
                          (a beat)
                        I’ll head back out in a moment. 
                        Just wanted to see how she was. 

                                 DAVID
                        He’s not going back to the clinic, 
                        Stephen. He’s gone. That’s it. 
                        Fifteen years, it took them to find 
                        him. You think you’re going to do 
                        it again in fifteen minutes?

                                 STEPHEN
                        So you just want to give up. Do you 
                        want to make that phone call or 
                        shall I? You think this is going to 
                        go away? EVER? This is a national 
                        embarrassment.

                                 DAVID
                        I don’t see that we have any 
                        choice. 
           David lifts Sarah into his arms and, struggling at little at 
           the dead weight, starts to carry her toward the bedroom. He 
           kicks open the door. 

           Sarah stirs a little, opens her eyes groggily and closes them 
           again. Stephen follows David into the room, livid. 

           INT. BERLIN SAFEHOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           David drops Sarah onto the bed. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        You want to tell them how he got 
                        hold of a piece of broken plate? 
                        You want to tell them Sarah fell 
                        asleep? Wonderful. Just don’t 
                        expect any support from me. 

           David sits down beside Sarah. Her top has ridden up. He 
           protectively tugs it down. He brushes a strand of her hair 
           back from her battered face. She lets out a little groan.

           Both men freeze, eyes on her, waiting to see if she is 
           finally coming round. But no more sound follows. Stephen 
           picks up where he left off.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        You’re not taking me down with you, 
                        David. I’ve done nothing wrong. 
                        Remember that. 

                                 DAVID
                          (spluttering)
                        What?! You can honestly say with 
                        all confidence that you’ve behaved 
                        professionally on this mission?

                                 STEPHEN
                        I haven’t let my emotions get in 
                        the way of duty. So, yes. I can. 

                                 DAVID
                        Are you serious? It was only the 
                        fact that I kept my fucking 
                        emotions in check that gave you the 
                        opportunity to get yours out in the 
                        open!

           Stephen laughs derisively. 
                                 STEPHEN
                        Sorry, are we talking about 
                        emotions, here? Or dicks? Because 
                        if I’m not mistaken, it seems to me 
                        that, despite the fact that we’re 
                        facing a world of trouble, the end 
                        of our fucking careers and total, 
                        utter humiliation, we appear to be 
                        sitting around discussing dicks. 

           Sarah opens her eyes, looks at them both, then closes them 
           again before she speaks weakly.

                                 SARAH
                        Shut up. Both of you.

           She opens her eyes again and the men fall silent. She sighs 
           deeply before speaking 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Let me make something clear: I want 
                        to take responsibility. I screwed 
                        up, I’ll face the consequences.

                                 DAVID
                        Sarah, no -

                                 STEPHEN
                          (interrupting)
                        Sarah, listen to me: only four 
                        people know what happened here. Us, 
                        and him. And he’s gone. Like you 
                        said, David: what he did after the 
                        war, he’ll do it again. New life, 
                        new identity... If people were to 
                        think he’d died here today, he’d be 
                        the last to deny it. He’d thank us.

                                 DAVID
                        What are you suggesting?

                                 STEPHEN
                        That we tell a new truth. A truth 
                        where none of us did anything 
                        wrong. Our truth. 

           Sarah sits bolt upright.

                                 SARAH
                          (increasingly angry)
                        I don’t need your protection, 
                        Stephen. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SARAH (CONT'D)
                        And if this about you trying to 
                        cover your own arse, forget it. I’m 
                        not getting involved in some 
                        convoluted... This was my screw up. 
                        It has nothing to do with either of 
                        you. This isn’t your decision to 
                        make... 

           Her increasing animation has reopened the wound on her cheek. 
           She touches her hand to her face.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Shit.

           David hands her the bloodstained tea towel and glares at 
           Stephen.

                                 DAVID
                          (to Sarah)
                        Take it easy. Rest now. We’ll talk 
                        more later.

           INT. BERLIN SAFE HOUSE - SARAH’S BEDROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah stirs. David is sitting protectively beside her. He 
           brushes a strand of hair from her forehead. 

                                 DAVID
                          (shouting into the hall)
                        Stephen! She’s awake.

           Stephen steps in. Evidently, he was standing just outside the 
           door.

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        You want to tell her, or shall I? 

                                 SARAH
                        Tell me what?

                                 STEPHEN
                        The decision has been made.

           She stares at him, then David, confused.

                                 SARAH
                        What decision?

                                 DAVID
                        Stephen contacted the Embassy an 
                        hour ago. It’s done. 
                                 SARAH
                        What did you say? 

           But she knows what he said. Stephen doesn’t answer.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                          (struggling to accept it)
                        Why did you...? Why would you do 
                        that? Without asking me.... 
                        without... 

                                 DAVID
                        He did it for you. For all of us. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Congratulations. You killed 
                        Mosiewicz. We got rid of the body. 
                        You’re a national hero. We all are. 

           Sarah closes her eyes. No choice left but acceptance. She 
           looks gravely at the two men, speaks softly.

                                 SARAH
                        How could you? 

           To her surprise, David takes her hand in his.

                                 DAVID
                        You do understand that we can never 
                        speak of it, Sarah? No matter what 
                        happens. No matter where our lives 
                        take us. Even if we marry - we 
                        never tell anyone. Wives, husbands. 
                        Children. This stays between us 
                        alone. 

           Sarah squeezes his hand. Resigned. Pragmatic.

                                 SARAH
                        I understand.

           Stephen places his hand over their hands. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        And I’ll always be around for you, 
                        Sarah. If you need to talk... I’m 
                        not going to disappear. I’ll always 
                        be in your life, I promise. 

           She forces a nod of acknowledgement, then looks at David, 
           waiting - hoping - for a similar pledge. It doesn’t come. 
                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        So this is a pact, alright? Solemn 
                        oath. The truth stays in this room. 
                        Between three of us. Always. 
                        Agreed?

                                 DAVID
                        Agreed.

                                 SARAH
                          (after a beat)
                        Agreed. 

           EXT. SARAH’S HOUSE - 1997 - NIGHT.

           The two young Mossad agents we met earlier stand exchanging 
           awkward glances as, from within the house, we hear an 
           argument raging. 

                                 SARAH (O.S.)
                        The truth stays between the three 
                        of us? Fucking great idea - except 
                        there weren’t just three of us, 
                        were there? There were four! 

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS.  

           Older Sarah and older Stephen, just as we saw them together 
           before: Sarah, curled up in the corner of her sofa, just out 
           of Stephen’s reach.  

                                 SARAH
                        “He’ll be the last to deny it?”?? 
                        Remember that, Stephen? Remember 
                        SAYING THAT?!

           Suddenly, as if sensing they’re being watched - or perhaps 
           just becoming aware of the volume Sarah has reached - the two 
           simultaneously turn to towards the window onto the street, 
           aware that Stephen’s men are waiting outside. This is the 
           moment we saw earlier. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Shhh. Keep it down.

                                 SARAH
                        Why bother? 

           She throws the newspaper cutting in his direction.
                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Won’t be long before everybody 
                        knows. Oh shit. Shit!

           She buries her face in her hands.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Did you read it properly? All the 
                        way through?

                                 SARAH
                        He’s alive. He’s in Russia. What 
                        else is there to read?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Well, firstly, it’s just a local 
                        paper. Secondly, look how they’re 
                        reporting it... “claiming to be the 
                        Surgeon of Birkenau”... And here, 
                        look: “the man, described by 
                        doctors at the home as suffering 
                        from dementia.”
                          (he scans the piece)
                        “...Intends to investigate 
                        further...” They’re not buying it, 
                        Sarah.

                                 SARAH
                        For now. Then they do investigate 
                        further. They find out the truth. 
                        The world’s press descend. It’s 
                        finished, Stephen. It’s over. 
                          (gesturing at the package)
                        I don’t know what you think all 
                        this crap is for. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Yes, you do. Believe me, I’d do it 
                        myself if I could.
                          (gesturing at his chair)
                        But I can’t. And David has bravely 
                        taken himself out of the picture. 

                                 SARAH
                        You fucking... How could you -

                                 STEPHEN
                          (interrupting)
                        So that leaves you.

                                 SARAH
                        I’m an old woman! 
                                 STEPHEN
                        And this is a very old man we’re 
                        talking about. 

                                 SARAH
                        Are you mad? 

                                 STEPHEN
                        I’m only suggesting that you 
                        actually go and carry out exactly 
                        what you’ve been taking the credit 
                        for doing the last thirty years 
                        anyway. 

                                 SARAH
                          (a low blow)
                        You... This was your idea! All of 
                        it! I didn’t ask for any of this! 
                        And now you want me to cover your 
                        arse? Save you the shame? The head 
                        of Mossad, kicked out for being a 
                        liar? Yeah, that would be a pity.

           Stephen wheels over as close to her as he can manage and 
           talks to her in a quiet snarl. He’s intimidating with a 
           capital I. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Listen to me you fucking whore. 
                        Don’t pretend to be the victim 
                        here. You were entrusted with one 
                        of the most important missions in 
                        the history of your country, and 
                        all you could think about was 
                        trying to fuck some pretty-boy 
                        agent who didn’t even want you. And 
                        when your colossal ego couldn’t 
                        handle the knock-back, you threw 
                        yourself at me instead. If you’d 
                        spent less time thinking about cock 
                        and more time focussing on what you 
                        were supposed to be doing, 
                        Mosiewicz wouldn’t have escaped in 
                        the first place. So don’t you ever, 
                        ever try to turn this around on me 
                        again. You owe me, and you owe 
                        David and you owe your country, and 
                        you fucking well know it.

           Sarah chokes back tears of shock and anger.

                                 SARAH
                        Get out, Stephen. 
           He doesn’t move. She sobs a while more, then composes 
           herself.

                                 STEPHEN
                        If the truth comes out... To be 
                        honest, I don’t care what my staff 
                        think of me... Or the public. The 
                        only thing I care about is Rebecca. 

           Sarah looks up at him sharply. He’s struck a nerve.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Poor Rebecca. So proud of us. You 
                        should have heard her talking about 
                        you earlier. The book launch and 
                        everything. You’re her whole world. 
                        And now she’s going to find out the 
                        truth. Her mother and father are a 
                        pair of self-serving, cowardly, 
                        dishonest cunts. 

           Sarah swallows hard, glares at him and grabs for the 
           newspaper article. She wipes her eyes an begins to reread.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        I’ve managed to pour water on this 
                        at the office for now, but if 
                        anything more appears... if the 
                        newspaper manage to secure the 
                        interview they’re talking about... 
                        an enquiry from our end is going to 
                        be unavoidable. You’ve not got 
                        long.

           Sarah reaches for the package. She pulls out the PEN, and 
           then ANOTHER PEN. She knows what these are. 

                                 SARAH
                        Two?

                                 STEPHEN
                        The other one is for you. If you 
                        fail. 

           INT.  EL AL JET - 1997 - NIGHT.

           The plane has landed, and the last of the passengers file 
           off. Once again, Sarah is the last to rise from her seat. The 
           air hostess, standing nearby, regards her with concern.
                                 HOSTESS
                          (loudly and slowly, as if 
                          to a child)
                        Are you okay, madam? Had you 
                        requested special assistance?

           Sarah sighs, shakes her head and gets up to leave. 

           INT. RUSSIAN CUSTOMS HALL. NIGHT.

           A customs officers looks at Sarah’s PASSPORT. It is Swiss, 
           and identifies her as Mrs. Amanda Saville.

                                 CUSTOMS OFFICER
                        What is the purpose of your visit, 
                        Mrs Saville? 

                                 SARAH
                        Pleasure.

                                 CUSTOMS OFFICER
                        Enjoy your stay.

           He gives her the sort of kindly smile that people reserve for 
           the very old or very young, and STAMPS her passport.

           EXT. RUSSIAN COUNTRYSIDE. DAY.

           A grimy mini cab speeds through countryside that is, by 
           turns, both majestic and depressing. 

           INT. MINI CAB. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah gazes out of the window. 

           EXT. RUSSIAN CITY. DAY.

           On foot now, Sarah arrives outside a dingy office building. 
           She glances down at a NEWSPAPER in her hand and up at the 
           RUSSIAN SIGNAGE on the side of the building.  Slipping the 
           paper into her handbag, she enters the lobby.

           INT. RUSSIAN NEWSPAPER OFFICE. CONTINUOUS.

           The reception is manned by a pretty RECEPTIONIST. Sarah 
           speaks to her in perfect Russian, (subtitled). 
                                 SARAH
                        Who do I see about placing a 
                        classified advertisment, please?

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        That would be me. 100 rubles for 
                        twenty words. 5 rubles a word after 
                        that. Do you have the advert with 
                        you?

                                 SARAH
                        Oh... No. I’ll bring it in later. 
                        What time will there be someone 
                        here until? 

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        I’m here until five. But I can just 
                        write it down for you, if you want? 

           She uncaps her pen, holds it poised and ready.

                                 SARAH
                        Ah no... Thanks, but I need to 
                        think about the wording. I’ll bring 
                        it in. Thanks for your help.

           The girl shrugs.

           EXT. CAFE. DAY

           Sarah stands talking on a PAY-PHONE in the corner of a cafe 
           whose grimy front window affords her a view of the newspaper 
           office.

                                 SARAH
                        Stephen? Just to update you: I’ve 
                        found the offices of the newspaper 
                        that ran the piece. If I can get 
                        into the journalist’s files, I 
                        should have the name and location 
                        by tonight.

           She pauses to listen to Stephen’s response.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Of course I’ve got a fucking plan.  

           She hangs up the phone crisply and returns to a small table, 
           where a plate of unappetising food lies mostly untouched. She 
           places her knife and fork together on the plate as a waiter 
           approaches. They converse in Russian (subtitled) 
                                 WAITER
                        Finished?

           She nods and he picks up the plate.

                                 WAITER (CONT’D)
                        Coffee?

                                 SARAH
                        Black, please... And a vodka. 

           The waiter returns with the bottle. Sarah hesitates, staring 
           at the glass, then raises it in a toast before draining it in 
           one. 

           She sets the glass down and it is refilled. We match cut to:

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - 1970 - NIGHT.

           Another glass of vodka. It is picked up by a younger Sarah, 
           (now 31). She is here with a younger David (now 30). In the 
           same house we saw before, but decorated in a way that not 
           only reflects the earlier era, but also a masculine presence. 

           BABY TOYS are strewn across the floor. 

                                 SARAH
                        To your retirement.

           The two clink glasses. David knocks back his shot of vodka. 
           Sarah follows suit, but starts giggling before she can 
           swallow, and ends up spitting it down her front. They laugh.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                          (still laughing)
                        Shh! Shh! We’ll wake Rebecca!

           David put his finger to his lips and tries hard to stop 
           laughing. Sarah leans back and takes a good look at him.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I don’t think I’ve seen you smile 
                        for... I don’t know. Long time.

                                 DAVID
                        Yeah. I suppose I was very... I 
                        should have quit way before now. 
                        Only mystery is why it took me so 
                        long. You had the right idea.
                                 SARAH
                        Well, I didn’t have much choice, 
                        did I? Rebecca on the way... It 
                        wouldn’t have been much of a life 
                        for her, both parents in that line 
                        of business. 

           David nods and pours two more vodka shots. They drink. This 
           time, Sarah gets hers down. 

                                 DAVID
                        Well, I appreciate you celebrating 
                        with me. Thank you. 

                                 SARAH
                        Don’t be silly! Don’t have to thank 
                        me... I mean, it’s my pleasure. 
                        We’ve... missed you.  

                                 DAVID
                        Same. You still writing?

                                 SARAH
                        Yeah, when I can. Rebecca is kind 
                        of hard work at the moment. 
                        Terrible twos and all that. And 
                        since the promotion, Stephen’s 
                        hours have just gone crazy, you 
                        know? But, yeah. Still writing.

           He smiles at her and she looks away, afraid of what might 
           happen if she meets his gaze. 

           INT. RUSSIAN CAFE - 1997. NIGHT. 

           The waiter hovers the vodka bottle over Sarah’s glass and 
           looks at her quizzically. She wipes a tear from her face and 
           glances out of the window before answering.

                                 SARAH
                        Oh... no. Thanks. Just the bill 
                        please.

           Across the road, a group of people leave the newspaper 
           office. Inside, the receptionist puts on her coat and picks 
           up her handbag.

           EXT. RUSSIAN STREET. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah runs across the road, dodging a passing car, and 
           arrives, breathless, at the door to the newspaper office. 
           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE LOBBY. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah rushes in and over to the receptionist’s desk. 

                                 SARAH
                        I’m so sorry! Nearly missed you, 
                        there! 

           The receptionist stares at her, confused, not remembering. 
           Sarah fishes in her bag and proffers an envelope.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        My classified ad?

           The girl takes it, remembering now.

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        Oh yeah. Thanks. 

           Sarah hands over a 100 RUBLE NOTE. 

                                 SARAH
                        No, no, thank you.

           The girl drops the envelope onto her desk, and slips the 
           money into a small DESKTOP DRAWER UNIT, as Sarah leaves.

           EXT. RUSSIAN STREET. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah crosses the street and stops in a doorway beside the 
           cafe. Across the road, through the window of the newspaper 
           office lobby, she sees:

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE LOBBY. CONTINUOUS. 

           The receptionist taps a code into an alarm key-pad before 
           letting herself out.

           EXT. RUSSIAN STREET. CONTINUOUS.

           From her doorway, Sarah notices a young man, 25, waiting a 
           little way down from the office. We will later come to know 
           him as YURI. He calls to the receptionist as she locks up.

                                 YURI
                        God’s sake, Katia, come on! I’m 
                        freezing! 
           The office finally secured, the receptionist trots up to him 
           and takes his arm, and they walk away.

           INT. RUSSIAN HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT.

           It’s dark and Sarah is lying on her bed, but she’s wide awake 
           and fully dressed. The bedside alarm GOES OFF.

           The CLOCK reads: 1:00 am. 

           She gets up and fetches a TORCH and a PENKNIFE. After placing 
           them in her bag, she slips on some GLOVES and her coat. 

           And she’s gone.

           EXT. RUSSIAN STREET. NIGHT.

           Sarah arrives at the door to the newspaper office. A quick 
           glance over her shoulder establishes that no one is watching. 

           Withdrawing her penknife, Sarah flips out an attachment and 
           fumbles at the lock. We soon realise that it is no ordinary 
           penknife. The door swings open. 

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - LOBBY. CONTINUOUS.

           The alarm begins to BEEP. Sarah whips out her torch. A quick 
           twist and the beam becomes ULTRAVIOLET. 

           As Sarah moves swiftly towards the alarm box, the beam from 
           the torch sweeps across the girl’s desk, and we see Sarah’s 
           envelope glowing a deep PURPLE. We may also notice that the 
           desktop drawer unit where the girl placed the money is 
           smudged with purple FINGERPRINTS.

           Sarah opens the alarm box and shines her beam onto the 
           keypad. We see four PURPLE FINGERPRINTS, one deeply 
           pigmented, the other three progressively less so. 

           Sarah takes a deep breath and punches the four marked keys in 
           what she hopes is the correct order. The alarm falls silent.

           She moves quickly out of the lobby... 

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - MAIN ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           ...and into the main, open-plan office. 
           Using her torch on its regular setting, Sarah scours the 
           desks for information.

           Recognising the name on the unopened mail on one desk, Sarah 
           dives down to the FILING UNIT beneath it and begins to rifle 
           through the files. 

           Presently, she finds an OLD PICTURE OF MOSIEWICZ. He wears SS 
           uniform, the same shot as the one in her own file, all those 
           years ago. 

           Behind it, a stack of SCRIBBLED NOTES. She begins to scan 
           them.

           EXT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE BUILDING. NIGHT.

           An extremely drunk Yuri and equally drunk receptionist have 
           returned and are trying to open the door. It takes them a 
           moment, as - unaware that it was unlocked - the girl has 
           accidentally locked it. Yuri tussles with her playfully, keen 
           for her to let him try instead, but she swats him away, 
           rattles the handle, turns the key again and finally they’re 
           in, with much loud giggling at their own incompetence. 

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - MAIN ROOM. NIGHT.

           Their laughter is clearly audible from here. Sarah, still 
           crouched beneath the desk, freezes.

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - LOBBY. NIGHT.

           The receptionist stands by the alarm box, drunk and confused, 
           as Yuri, impatient and equally drunk, comes up close behind 
           her and reaches round to clumsily unbutton her coat. 

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        That’s so weird.

           The coat undone, Yuri reaches round and snakes his hands up 
           inside her sweater. She ignores him.

                                 RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
                        I swear I set the alarm.

                                 YURI
                        What?

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        The alarm’s not on.
                                 YURI
                        Who gives a shit?

           He moves his hands from her breasts to grab her around the 
           waist and pull her away from the alarm box. She gives a jokey 
           shriek and laughs as they stagger into the main office.

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - MAIN ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Yuri hits the lights. 

           Sarah is now completely visible, crouched beneath the desk. 

           The girl turns the lights off again, laughing. Yuri turns 
           them back on and drags the girl away, towards where Sarah is 
           hiding. She’s in plain view. If they weren’t drunk and 
           preoccupied, they’d see her immediately, no question. 

           To Sarah’s horror, Yuri leads the girl straight to the desk 
           she is hiding under. With comical drama, he sweeps everything 
           off the desktop and onto the floor. 

           Papers, pens and stationery items rain down past Sarah, 
           followed by his coat and scarf, her coat, his jacket, her 
           sweater, her bra.

           The receptionist giggles and hitches up her skirt and Yuri 
           pushes her down onto the desk. 

           Yuri’s legs are now just inches from Sarah’s face, and she is 
           utterly trapped under the desk.

           Yuri’s trousers come down, the desk begins to move violently 
           and both Yuri and the receptionist unexpectedly let loose 
           with a drunken and incredibly explicit running commentary.

           Sarah listens, frozen in fear and oddly aroused, all at once.

           An EMPTY VODKA BOTTLE tumbles off the desk and lands with a 
           hollow thump on the floor beside her...

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - 1969.

           ...We pull back to find that the bottle is now on the floor 
           at Sarah’s home, where the younger Sarah and David sit, 
           decades earlier. Sarah picks it up.

                                 SARAH
                        Looks like we’re out of vodka.
                                 DAVID
                        Do we really need any more?

           They both know the answer. They stare at one another, each 
           utterly trapped in the other’s gaze. A long beat. Then 
           they’re on one another with unrestrained urgency. 

           Two years of unreleased sexual tension channeled into one 
           kiss. Never mind electricity; this is like being plugged into 
           the national grid.

           This can only end one way, and it does. They don’t even 
           manage to get their clothes off first. Sarah tears open her 
           shirt, hitches up her skirt; David’s trousers only make it as 
           far as his thighs. This can’t wait. 

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - MAIN ROOM - 1997 - NIGHT.

           Sarah remains trapped under the desk, caged by the entwined 
           legs of Yuri and his colleague. 

           This is no French farce - it’s really quite bleak, and we 
           truly feel for Sarah. Miserable, afraid and utterly alone.

           INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - 1969 - NIGHT.

           David and Sarah are on the floor, fucking like the world is 
           about to end. Which, in a way, it is. 

           OS, we hear a key in the door, the door shut. David and Sarah 
           spring apart, hurriedly rearrange their clothes, but it’s too 
           late. Stephen is in the room, standing over them. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        I just spent the last week at work 
                        lying through my teeth to justify 
                        your leaving. And now this. I can’t 
                        fucking believe you’d do this. 

                                 DAVID
                        I’m sorry. Stephen... 

           Stephen ignores him and crouches down close to Sarah, staring 
           at her with considerable menace. Struggling with her shirt, 
           now missing several buttons, she can’t meet his eye. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Mosiewicz was right. You’re a slut. 
                        No wonder they picked you for the 
                        job. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 STEPHEN (CONT'D)
                        “We need someone who doesn’t mind 
                        spreading their legs for a Nazi”. 
                        No problem, we’ve got just the 
                        girl. She’ll pretty much spread ‘em 
                        for anyone. 

           She starts to cry.

                                 SARAH
                        Shh. Stop shouting. You’ll wake 
                        Rebecca. 

           Stephen grabs her roughly by the shoulders, hisses in her 
           face through gritted teeth.

                                 STEPHEN
                        I’m not shouting.

                                 DAVID
                        Stephen, stop it... Calm down.

           Stephen rounds on him.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Don’t ever tell me what to do in my 
                        fucking house, when I’m talking to 
                        my fucking wife. Get out! I’m 
                        serious. Get out now.

           Sarah leaps up and runs over to David. 

                                 SARAH
                        I’m going with him.

                                 DAVID
                        Sarah, don’t... Sarah -

                                 SARAH
                          (shouting)
                        No! You took advantage of me, 
                        Stehen. I was vulnerable and 
                        confused and... You took advantage. 
                        David was a gentlemen. He was... 
                        professional! He was thinking about 
                        focussing on... on what we had to 
                        do! And all you could think about 
                        was you couldn’t stand that I was 
                        attracted to him and not you! And 
                        you know what? I don’t think you 
                        even wanted me! It was all about 
                        winning, wasn’t it? Proving a 
                        point, proving you were the fucking 
                        alpha male! 
           OS, we hear a toddler start to CRY. But Sarah carries on, 
           getting steadily louder, borderline hysterical.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        I know you’d like to just keep 
                        blaming me forever, but that’s 
                        SHIT! All of this is your fault! 
                        None of it would have happened if 
                        you’d just fucking LEFT ME ALONE! 

           Stephen lunges towards Sarah, but is stopped by David. He 
           takes a swing at David instead, who effortlessly avoids it. 

           Blind with anger now, Stephen picks up a heavy-looking glass 
           ashtray and runs at David. Forced into defensive action, 
           David grabs Stephen’s arm and flips him over his shoulder. 
           Stephen lands heavily, awkwardly, on a coffee table.

           A shocked silence, but for the sound of the baby crying from 
           OS. Something is very wrong. Stephen remains in the twisted 
           position in which he fell. 

           His eyes widen, his mouth opens soundlessly as he tries, but 
           fails, to speak. He can’t move his arms or legs at all.

           Sarah runs to him.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Stephen!

                                 DAVID
                        Shit...

                                 STEPHEN
                        Oh god... Help me. 

                                 SARAH
                        Don’t move.

           Stephen looks at her imploringly.

                                 STEPHEN
                        I can’t. 

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - MAIN ROOM - 1997 - NIGHT.

           Sarah closes her eyes as we hear Yuri and the receptionist’s 
           desk-top tryst come to its loud conclusion. 

           Yuri does up his trousers and ducks down close to Sarah to 
           pick up their coats and other items of clothing. He doesn’t 
           see her. He and the girl proceed to dress.
                                 YURI
                        Ready?

           The receptionist crouches down next to the desk, and picks up 
           a handful of papers, her face mere inches from Sarah’s.

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        Shouldn’t we tidy up your crap?

           She remains crouched, scrabbling for a stapler and the empty 
           vodka bottle. One tiny turn of her head and the two women 
           will be face to face.

                                 YURI
                        Nah. Fuck it.

           The girl shrugs, stands, and dumps the few things that she 
           has in her hands onto the desk before following Yuri out.

           The light goes out again.

           Shaking, Sarah flicks on her torch and replaces the items she 
           is still holding from Yuri’s file into the filing cabinet.

           From OS, we hear the BEEP BEEP BEEP of the alarm being reset.

           Sarah’s heart sinks. 

           OS, we hear door to the street SLAM closed, and the KEY 
           TURNING in the lock. 

           Sarah’s eyes alight on A MOTION SENSOR, blinking in the 
           corner of the room. This is not good. 

           She waits. And eventually - no choice - she darts from under 
           the desk and runs for the door.

           The motion sensor lights up and the alarm strikes up loudly 
           with a warning BEEP-BEEP-BEEP. 

           Sarah runs for the lobby.

           INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - LOBBY. CONTINUOUS.

           Frantic, Sarah dashes to the alarm box, the insistent beep-
           beep-beep even louder here. Fumbling horribly, she turns on 
           the ultraviolet beam but the pigment has obviously been 
           partially smeared away when the girl reset the alarm, and 
           it’s no longer possible to discern the order in which to push 
           the buttons.
           Sarah struggles to remember, then desperately punches in a 
           sequence. Nothing happens. The beeping continues. 

           No other options remaining, Sarah runs for the door, pulls 
           out the skeleton key attachment on her penknife and wrestles 
           with the lock. The alarm beeps on, surely about to go off at 
           any moment.

           Finally the door swings open and Sarah bolts into the street.

           Moments later, the alarm CLANGS into action. Sarah keeps 
           running down the darkened, empty street and doesn’t look 
           back. 

           INT. MOSSAD HQ. DAY.

           The same office we saw back in 1967, redecorated. And now the 
           man behind the big executive desk is Stephen, on the phone. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Hang on.

           He taps at his computer keyboard.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Stalina. Military hospital. Medium 
                        security. Located next to a non-
                        nuclear military base. 

           INT. RUSSIAN HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT.

           Sarah is on the phone to Stephen, and we intercut between the 
           two.

                                 SARAH
                        So how far is that from here?

           At his desk, Stephen taps some more.

                                 STEPHEN
                        ...About a hundred and fifty miles. 
                        Pretty much the middle of nowhere.

                                 SARAH
                        Medium security? At a hospital?

                                 STEPHEN
                        This is Russia we’re talking about, 
                        Sarah. 
                          (a beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 STEPHEN (CONT'D)
                        So, it doesn’t look like they’ve 
                        got to him yet?

                                 SARAH
                        The journalist has his interview 
                        scheduled for midday. 
                          (a beat)
                        Anything come up on the name?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Yeah, an Ivan Bentok worked for the 
                        Russian military medical service. 
                        Junior surgeon. Retired in 1975. 
                        Right age. 

           Sarah leafs through a rail map as she listens.

                                 SARAH
                        Shit. The closest station is... 
                          (a beat, a frown)
                        This isn’t going to work by train. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        So drive. 

           EXT. RUSSIAN STREET. NIGHT.

           Dawn is threatening to break, but the streets are still 
           deserted. 

           Sarah darts down a side-street where a row of beaten-up cars 
           are parked. 

           A deep breath and she approaches a red one. Hands trembling, 
           she fumbles her penknife from her bag and gets out the 
           FLATHEAD SCREWDRIVER. Inserting it under the weather-
           stripping on the quarter-glass, she holds a tube of lipstick 
           flat behind it for leverage and pushes her weight against the 
           handle. 

           A CRACK runs through the glass. Sarah shifts the position of 
           her tools, gives another push and the whole sheet POPS OUT. 
           She just manages to catch it before it falls to the ground. 

           She studies her hand for a moment - it’s cut, but not too 
           badly - before snaking it through the gap and unlocking the 
           door from the inside. 
           INT. RED CAR. NIGHT. 

           Sarah uses the screwdriver to lever off the dashboard cover, 
           switches to the NAIL SCISSOR attachment, then hesitates at 
           the spaghetti of wires that confronts her.

           A pause as she searches her memory, then she works fast: 
           ripping out the coloured wire, splicing the ignition wires 
           and finally touching the starter wire to the splicing.

           The car chokes into life. And she’s away. 

           INT/EXT. RED CAR. DAY.

           The car chugs through the deserted early morning streets. 

           Inside, Sarah glances down at a map open on the passenger 
           seat and kicks at the accelerator. The engine WHINES. 

           Beyond the windscreen, the landscape shifts from grim 
           suburban outskirts to equally grim open countryside, but 
           Sarah’s mind is elsewhere. 

           She glances down again, and we see that on top of the map is 
           a sheet of paper on which Sarah has written the address of 
           the Stalina Hospital. We close in on the word: HOSPITAL. And 
           dissolve to...

           INT. HOSPITAL - 1967. NIGHT.

           ... A SIGN that reads: HOSPITAL. 

           We pull back to find a drained, glassy-eyed younger Sarah 
           walking the corridor. Eventually, she reaches a small 
           deserted waiting area. David is here, on a plastic bench, his 
           head in his hands. He stands up expectantly when she arrives. 
           She shakes her head. It’s not good news.

                                 SARAH
                        He won’t... be able to walk.

                                 DAVID
                        Ever?

           She shakes her head again. David reacts in queasy horror. 

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        Is he awake?
                                 SARAH
                        He doesn’t want to see you. He 
                        said... To tell you... That all he 
                        asks is that no one ever knows. 

                                 DAVID
                        What do you mean?

                                 SARAH
                        You were never there. It was an 
                        accident. 
                          (a beat)
                        And... we can’t see each other. 
                        Anymore. Ever. 

                                 DAVID
                        Of course.

           David takes her hands and kisses her on the forehead. He 
           gazes at her wistfully.

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        Goodbye, Sarah. 

           This wasn’t the response she wanted. Angry tears spring to 
           her eyes.

                                 SARAH
                        Just... “Goodbye, Sarah?” You come 
                        back into my life and, and leave... 
                        just... carnage... and then it’s 
                        that easy for you to walk away? Are 
                        you fucking serious?

           He stares at her, confused.

                                 DAVID
                        I don’t... Know what you want.

                                 SARAH
                          (sobbing)
                        I don’t feel any different! Why 
                        would I suddenly feel any 
                        different? I can’t turn it on and 
                        off! I don’t get how you can just 
                        say goodbye to me, and...

           She starts to sob uncontrollably.

                                 DAVID
                        But, you said...?
                                 SARAH
                        I know what I said! 

           She throws herself onto him and he holds her as she cries. 

                                 DAVID
                        Let’s just... do the right thing. 
                        For once in our lives. 

           She cries even harder for a while. Then she turns her face up 
           to him and tries to kiss him. For the second time in Sarah’s 
           life, David pushes her away. And although this time he’s far 
           more gentle, this is much, much worse. She pulls away, 
           defeated.

                                 SARAH
                        Just... Don’t say goodbye. Don’t 
                        say it.

                                 DAVID
                        Ok. I won’t.

           She gives a polite nod of gratitude. He takes one last look 
           at her. Then he turns and walks out of her life.

           Sarah sits down heavily on the bench seat and begins to cry. 
           We dissolve to...

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - 1997. DAY.

           ...Another WOMAN, sobbing on a bench. As we move out, we see 
           a sign (Cyrillic, subtitled), that reads: STALINA HOSPITAL.

           For all its cursory attempts at homeliness - the flower tubs, 
           the neat brick walkway, the curtains at each window - this is 
           unmistakably a stark and functional military institution. 

           Sarah’s red car does a slow drive by. 

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - RECEPTION. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah strides up to the young male REGISTRAR behind the 
           reception desk.

                                 SARAH
                        Good morning. I’m here to visit Mr. 
                        Bentok?

           The man squints at her, checks his register an squints at her 
           again.
                                 REGISTRAR
                        You’re from the newspaper? Eleven 
                        O’clock appointment? Hmm... Because 
                        I have a man’s name here. And non-
                        relatives do need to pre-register. 
                        They sent you instead?

                                 SARAH
                        Oh, no, no. I’m Mr Bentok’s niece. 
                        Anna Barov. Here for moral support! 
                        I’ve been before, if you remember?

           A moment’s scrutiny, then a shrug.

                                 REGISTRAR
                        Well, our visiting hours haven’t 
                        changed, I’m afraid. 

           He points to a metal PLAQUE that reads:

           VISITING HOURS: 11:00am - 1:00am, 5:00pm - 8:00pm

           Sarah glances at her watch. It’s 10.25.

                                 REGISTRAR (CONT’D)
                        Take a seat?

                                 SARAH
                          (turning on the charm)
                        Do you think I could perhaps sneak 
                        up a little early? I really need to 
                        have a little time with him before 
                        his... other visitor arrives. I’m 
                        sure you’ll understand, given the 
                        situation.

           The man shakes his head ‘no’, friendly but firm.

           Changing tack, Sarah moves closer, cocks her head 
           flirtatiously and lightly strokes his hand.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                          (seductive, girlish)
                        Do you think there’s anything you 
                        might be able to do to help me out, 
                        here? I’d be so grateful if you’d 
                        be prepared to make an exception. 
                        You’d be my absolute hero...

           The man freezes at first, then recoils from her, aghast. 
                                 REGISTRAR
                        What are you doing?

           In a horrible moment of clarity, Sarah realises that the 
           passing years have rendered the coquettish approach 
           unworkable. She quickly withdraws her hand. 

           He points to a waiting area.

                                 REGISTRAR (CONT’D)
                        Eleven O’clock. Help yourself to 
                        coffee. 

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - WAITING AREA. DAY.

           Sarah sits down, staring at a large WALL CLOCK. It’s second 
           hand TICKS loudly in the quiet reception. And we flashback to 
           a few days earlier...

           EXT. DAVID’S HOUSE - 1997 - NIGHT.

           Sarah stands outside, hesitant. Finally, she pushes the 
           doorbell. We hear it CHIME. A long, long wait, and eventually 
           David opens the door.

           They stare at one another, neither able to speak, overwhelmed 
           by their emotions, and we realise that, in all likelihood, 
           they have not seen one another for decades - probably not 
           since the hospital. Finally Sarah breaks the silence.

                                 SARAH
                        May I come in?

           INT. DAVID’S HOUSE - HALLWAY. CONTINUOUS.

           David shuts the door and they fall into a tight, urgent hug 
           that lasts for some time. 

           When finally they part, David motions Sarah into the living 
           room. 

           INT. DAVID’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           David gestures apologetically at the squalid room.

                                 DAVID
                        I’m sorry about... all the mess.
           Sarah waves his apology away and clears herself a space to 
           sit on the debris-strewn leather sofa. She swishes her hand 
           over it, revealing a streak of completely different-coloured 
           leather, and we realise just how thick the dust is here. 

                                 DAVID (CONT’D)
                        I’m told that apparently you 
                        eventually hit a point when it 
                        doesn’t get any worse.
                          (a beat)
                        I’m still waiting for that.

           Sarah sits down.

                                 SARAH
                        It’s okay.

                                 DAVID
                        It’s not. I should dust. But 
                        sometimes it seems like there’s no 
                        point. You can make everything look 
                        as shiny as you like. But have you 
                        ever looked into a ray of sunlight? 
                        It’s all there. 

           Their eyes meet, and both are seeing the metaphor here. 

                                 SARAH
                        And you know it’s going to come 
                        back.
                          (wistful)
                        True.

                                 DAVID
                        Yep. Come back and smother 
                        everything. Again. Always. 
                          (a beat)
                        How did you find me?

                                 SARAH
                        Well, there are some advantages to 
                        having an ex-husband heading up 
                        Mossad.
                          (a beat)
                        You did know that Stephen and I...

                                 DAVID
                        Yeah. Yeah, I heard. Sorry.

                                 SARAH
                        Don’t be. It’s fine. We’re fine. 
                        And... He’s been a good dad to 
                        Becky. So.
                                 DAVID
                          (a disbelieving headshake)
                        Director of Mossad... Crazy.

           Sarah nods her who’d-have-thought-it agreement.  

                                 SARAH
                        So... When did you get back from 
                        England?

                                 DAVID
                        January. Ran out of money. Well, to 
                        be fair I ran out of money long 
                        before that. But January I ran out 
                        of favours. So here I am. Home 
                        sweet home. 

                                 SARAH
                          (awkward)
                        Do you need any... thing? Money. 
                        You know. Because if you did, I... 
                        I’d really like to...

                                 DAVID
                        Don’t be ridiculous! I can’t take 
                        money from you.

                                 SARAH
                        I have another book coming out. The 
                        launch is tomorrow... That’s sort 
                        of what I came here to tell you. 
                        Anyway, I think by rights some of 
                        the profits should go to you 
                        anyway. 

                                 DAVID
                        Why? 

                                 SARAH
                        I don’t know. It’s your story too. 

                                 DAVID
                        What is?

                                 SARAH
                        The book. It’s a re-telling. It’s 
                        more... Honest than the first one. 

           David’s eyes widen.

                                 DAVID
                        Sarah, you haven’t!
                                 SARAH
                        God! No! No, of course not! God. I 
                        just mean it’s more truthful about 
                        what happened... between us. In 
                        Berlin. You and me and Stephen.

                                 DAVID
                        Right...

                                 SARAH
                        Are you okay with that?

           A long silence.

                                 DAVID
                        Truth... Is good.
                          (a beat)
                        Do you ever think about him?

                                 SARAH
                        Every day.

                                 DAVID
                        For years I wished that we’d 
                        managed to bring him home. Then I 
                        realised that wasn’t what I wanted 
                        at all. Thirty years, one thought, 
                        one regret... It’s eaten me 
                        alive... Not killing him when I had 
                        the chance. 

           Their eyes lock.

                                 SARAH
                        I know. 

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - RECEPTION. DAY.

           The clock says 10.35. With a renewed sense of urgency and 
           determination, Sarah approaches the reception desk again. 
           Another man is talking to the registrar, and Sarah dutifully 
           lines up behind him. 

           The registrar is studying the man’s ID. When he hands it 
           back, we see that it is a PRESS CARD, identifying the man as 
           YURI KRUPSKAYA. We may recognise the man in the photograph as 
           Yuri from the newspaper office.

                                 REGISTRAR
                        Okay, Mr. Krupskaya... Mr. Bentok 
                        is in room 414. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 REGISTRAR (CONT'D)
                        You can take a seat over there. 
                        Help yourself to coffee.

           Sarah hurries away towards the front door before Yuri has a 
           chance to turn around. 

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - PERIMETER. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah keeps walking away from the building, her eyes 
           searching urgently for an alternative way in. 

           Iron GATES prevent visitors from circling the building within 
           its high surrounding WALLS. 

           Wandering outside the perimeter instead, Sarah stops at a 
           quiet spot beside a large DOOR. 

           Looking around first to confirm that she is unobserved, Sarah 
           withdraws from her handbag what appears to be a small, slim 
           METAL ROD. As she telescopes it out to a longer length and 
           holds it up over the wall, we realise it is a PERISCOPE. 

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - THROUGH PERISCOPE. DAY.

           In the tiny lense, we see what Sarah sees: a side entrance of 
           the building beside a small garden. Nurses and elderly 
           patients sit and stroll around.

           An ELDERLY WOMAN in a wheelchair glances up from the book she 
           is reading and appears to stare directly at us.

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - PERIMETER. DAY.

           On the other side of the wall, Sarah collapses the gadget to 
           its original size and continues her walk.

           She comes upon an open gate beside a row of DUMPSTERS and 
           WHEELED TRASH CANS. She darts in through the gate, making a 
           beeline for the open back DOOR ahead, but a COOK looms from 
           inside and eyes her sternly.

                                 COOK
                        The entrance is round the other 
                        side.

                                 SARAH
                        Oh... I... Thanks. Thank you. 

           She moves away slowly, in the hopes that he’ll go back in, 
           but momentarily, he lights up cigarette. He’s not going 
           anywhere for a while. And he continues to watch her. 
           So Sarah returns to her circuit.

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - WAITING AREA. DAY.

           Yuri sits staring at the clock. It says: 10.41.

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - PERIMERTER. DAY.

           Sarah is using her periscope aerial again. 

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - THROUGH PERISCOPE. DAY.

           In the lens, we see a back section of the hospital that 
           appears to be deserted. There is a fire escape door here. 
           This would be the perfect ingress to the building, if only 
           Sarah could somehow get here. 

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL - PERIMERTER. DAY.

           Sarah replaces her gadget in her handbag and stares at the 
           wall, thinking, before turning purposefully and walking back 
           in the direction she came from.  

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - WAITING AREA. DAY.

           Yuri continues to wait. The clock says: 10.43.

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL. DAY.

           Sarah is back at the dumpsters. As quietly as she can, she 
           pushes a wheeled trash can away and around the corner.

           At the section of wall behind which lies the quiet area and 
           the fire escape door, Sarah stops and wedges the trash can 
           into place against the wall.

           Carefully, she climbs on top of the trash can and, gripping 
           the wall, jumps up to get on top of it. At this sudden 
           movement, however, the bin wheels away from beneath her. Her 
           hands slip from the wall and she falls to the ground, landing 
           heavily. There’s a sickening CRACK, and Sarah shrieks in 
           pain. 

           With nauseous dread, she studies her right arm. Her hand 
           hangs limp, the wrist swollen and jutting at an alarming 
           angle. Neither Sarah nor we need a medical degree to know 
           beyond doubt that it is broken. 
           Whimpering in pain, Sarah tries to gather herself. Deep, 
           uneven breaths. 

           Sarah scrabbles in her handbag with her left hand and 
           produces one of the syringe pens we saw earlier. She shoves 
           it into her pocket. 

           A beat, and then she dives into her bag once more and 
           withdraws the other pen. We may recall that this one was for 
           Sarah’s personal use, if she failed in her mission. She 
           swallows hard and places it into her pocket along with the 
           first pen.

           Then, she throws her handbag into the bin and re-closes the 
           lid.

           Finally, she braces her hands against the wall, takes a deep 
           breath and, with considerable force, smashes her face against 
           the concrete. 

           She reels back, her cheek and forehead reddened and grazed. 
           She touches her fingertips lightly to her eyebrow and studies 
           them. 

           A beat, and then she launches herself into the wall again. 
           This time when she checks, there is blood on her fingertips.

           Satisfied, she staggers away.

           Arriving back at the large door we saw earlier in the section 
           of wall behind the garden, Sarah takes another breath and 
           SCREAMS. She beats on the door with her fists.

                                 SARAH
                        Help me! I’ve been mugged! Help!

           Nothing.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Help! Please! Help me!

           There is a rattling from the other side of the door, and we 
           hear a bolt sliding into place. The door swings open and a 
           pair of nurses stare at Sarah in shock. ALEXANDRA and SOFIA, 
           both in their 20s. 

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        He took my bag! A man back there - 
                        my wrist! Oh god! 

           Sofia rushes forward and put her arm around Sarah, guiding 
           her into the garden.
                                 SOFIA
                          (panicking)
                        We don’t have a casualty department 
                        here! Come in, okay? I’ll call an 
                        ambulance!

                                 SARAH
                        Is there another hospital nearby? 

                                 ALEXANDRA
                        Forty minutes away. 

                                 SARAH
                        Oh god, it hurts! 

           A male nurse, SERGEI, runs over. The following happens 
           quickly with everyone talking over one another.

                                 SERGEI
                          (to Sarah)
                        What happened?

                                 SOFIA
                        She was mugged outside!

                                 SERGEI
                        Have you called security?

                                 ALEXANDRA
                        I’ll do it now. 

           She hurries away.

                                 SARAH
                        I think it’s broken.

                                 SERGEI
                        Take her inside.

                                 SOFIA
                        Come upstairs with me. What’s your 
                        name? 

                                 SARAH
                        Anna Barov. My uncle is a patient 
                        here.

           Sergei runs to the door, scanning the street for the invented 
           mugger. Sofia takes Sarah by her good arm and leads her away.

                                 SOFIA
                        Come on.
           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - WAITING AREA. DAY.

           Yuri paces, impatient. The clock says: 10:50.

           INT. MEDICAL ROOM . DAY.

           Sarah sits up on an examination couch, her wrist and forearm 
           now in a tight bandage. Sofia gently moves the arm into an 
           upright position against Sarah’s chest

                                 SOFIA
                        That should help a little until you 
                        get it set properly at the 
                        hospital. Keep it upright, okay?

           Sarah nods gratefully.

           Sofia glances out of the door to make sure no one is 
           watching, then shakes a couple of pills out of a bottle and 
           hands them to Sarah.

                                 SOFIA (CONT’D)
                        I shouldn’t really do this... You 
                        won’t tell anyone?

                                 SARAH
                        I promise... Thank you. 

           Sofia hands Sarah some water and she swallows the pills.

                                 SOFIA
                        No problem. It’s a long way to 
                        travel back to town. I broke my 
                        wrist once. No pain like it.  
                        Anyhow, the ambulance is on its 
                        way. Have a lie down, huh? Those 
                        might make you a little sleepy.

           Sarah gives Sofia a grateful smile as she leaves, but her 
           expression returns to rising concern the moment she’s alone. 
           Sleepy is not good. 

           Sarah jumps up, forces her fingers down her throat and runs 
           to the sink where she heaves up the pills. 

           The CLOCK on the wall says 10:57.

           Sarah looks at it anxiously and throws open a cupboard, and 
           then another, looking for something.
           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - RECEPTION. DAY.

           Yuri walks over to the reception desk.

           INT. MEDICAL ROOM. DAY.

           Sarah pulls off her sweater, wincing in pain. Using only her 
           good left hand, she hurriedly pulls off her skirt and tights 
           and stashes her clothes in a cupboard before pulling on a 
           HOSPITAL GOWN.

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - RECEPTION. DAY.

           The registrar smiles at Yuri and points towards the bank of 
           elevators. Yuri nods and heads towards them.

           INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. DAY.

           Sarah hurries down a corridor, trying in vain to do up the 
           ties at the back of her hospital gown. With only one good 
           hand, it’s nearly impossible. 

           INT. STALINA HOSPITAL - RECEPTION. DAY.

           Yuri pushes impatiently at the elevator button. And not, we 
           guess, for the first time. He pushes it again, repeatedly. 
           Finally, frustrated, he walks away and begins to make his way 
           to the nearby stairs, instead.

           We now intercut between Yuri and Sarah as both make their 
           speedy way toward’s room 414.

           INT. ROOM 414. DAY.

           Sarah enters quietly. In the bed, a very elderly man lies 
           asleep.

           Sarah first checks the chart at the foot of his bed. The 
           names reads:

           IVAN BENTOK.

           She crouches down beside him. A big moment. He may be old and 
           helpless, but regardless: she is once again in the same room 
           as the Surgeon of Birkenau.
           The morning sunlight slants in through the half-closed 
           slatted blinds, falling in rays onto the bedsheets. Sarah 
           looks at the thick DUST dancing in the shafts of light.

           Steeling herself, she takes one last, cold look, draws out 
           her pen and clicks to extend the hypodermic needle it 
           conceals. With a swift push, she injects the contents of the 
           “pen” directly into the IV tube that leads to a canula in the 
           back of his hand.

                                 SARAH
                          (softly)
                        For you, David.

           It’s over. A final moment’s pause to take this in, and Sarah 
           is out of there.

           INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. CONTINUOUS.

           Sarah closes the door behind her and walks towards the 
           elevator, passing Yuri on her way. Intent on checking the 
           room numbers as he hurries down the corridor, he doesn’t even 
           glance at her.

           Looking back over her shoulder, Sarah is alarmed to see him 
           entering room 414. 

           At the end of the corridor, the elevator doors open - DING! - 
           and Sarah breaks into a trot, holding her bad arm up against 
           her chest and gritting her teeth at the increasing pain. 

           A NURSE exits the elevator as Sarah enters, and, not 
           recognising this roaming patient, turns back with a confused 
           double-take. But it’s too late. The lift doors have closed.

           INT. LIFT. DAY.

           Alone now in the lift, Sarah starts to cry. 

           The lift door opens and a DOCTOR enters. She tries to compose 
           herself. He looks with concern at her patient’s robe, injured 
           face and obviously traumatised state.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Are you supposed to be out of bed? 

                                 SARAH
                        Oh, yes... I’m fine. I just... 
                        Needed some company. You know how 
                        it is.
           The doctor nods sympathetically.

                                 DOCTOR
                        Good idea, good idea. Off to the 
                        rec. room?
                          (off her nod)
                        Heading that way myself.

           The lift doors open at the ground floor, and the doctor puts 
           a friendly hand on Sarah’s back and steers her away from the 
           front doors and freedom, and down a corridor instead.

           INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. CONTINUOUS.

           As she and the doctor walk the corridor, Sarah sees SOFIA, 
           the nurse who cared for her earlier, approaching. Sarah bows 
           her head as low as she can manage.

           Sofia passes without noticing her, and Sarah can finally 
           exhale.

           INT. REC ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           A large room, full of elderly men and women, a few in 
           patients robes, others in pyjamas or comfortable leisure 
           clothes. Some talk and play cards. Others sit alone doing 
           puzzles or reading. Many eat plates of food from a large 
           BUFFET TABLE near the door. But most appear to just be 
           staring out of the windows or into space. 

                                 DOCTOR
                        Here we go.

           Sarah smiles her gratitude and takes a seat at a table alone, 
           as close to the door as possible, and watches the doctor as 
           he moves away, intending to make a break for it at the first 
           opportunity. 

           The doctor makes his way to a corner where he begins talking 
           to an OLD WOMAN ATTACHED TO A DRIP. He glances over at Sarah 
           again and she throws him a little wave. 

           Looking around the room, biding her time before she can 
           escape, Sarah surveys the sea of old faces. 

           Suddenly, her eye is drawn to a card table where four men 
           play a lively game of bridge. Her eyes alight on the face of 
           one of the men. And her world implodes. Without a shadow of a 
           doubt, it is Szymon Mosiewicz.

           Somehow, she has killed the wrong man.
           Sarah reacts, frozen to the spot.

           Slowly, Mosiewicz, rises from his chair and begins to walk 
           across the room towards her. She looks down, desperate. But 
           he passes without seeing her and exits into the corridor.

           A couple of beats and Sarah rises too and begins to follow 
           him.

           As she passes the buffet table, she reaches out to a platter 
           of smoked fish and swipes a CARVING KNIFE lying beside it.

           INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDORS. CONTINUOUS.

           We follow as Sarah stalks Mosiewicz through the corridors 
           until, rounding a corner, it appears that he has gone. 

           The corridor is lined with doors, and Sarah begins to try 
           them. Two are locked, and a third leads to an empty room. 

           Looking further down the corridor, however, she spots a sign 
           denoting that another, further along, is in fact the men’s 
           restroom. 

           Without hesitation, Sarah pushes open the door and enters.

           INT. MEN’S RESTROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           The cubicles are empty, but we can hear the sound of someone 
           urinating. Sarah steps silently into the room. 

           Mosiewicz is here, at the urinals. Sarah moves closer, 
           stealthy and without a sound, the knife gripped tightly in 
           her good hand.

           Suddenly, he turns. A sudden movement from Mosiewicz and a 
           look of utter surprise on Sarah’s face before she looks down 
           to see that in his hand he holds: A PAIR OF SCISSORS. Their 
           tips covered in blood. Her blood. 

           The knife falls to the floor, and Sarah falls beside it, her 
           hand moving weakly to her clavicle, where a blood stain is 
           beginning to spread across the patients’ gown. 

           Mosiewicz stands over her.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You Jews never knew how to kill. 
                        Only how to die. 
           Sarah moves her lips, but no words come out. Mosiewicz begins 
           to wipe the scissors clean with his handkerchief.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        I knew you’d come. The moment 
                        senile old Bentok lost it. My 
                        stories, his stories, he didn’t 
                        know the difference. Poor old fool 
                        didn’t even know his own name any 
                        more. Started blabbering to anyone 
                        who’d listen... I knew it wouldn’t 
                        be long. 
                          (a beat)
                        I should never have told him, of 
                        course. We should take our secrets 
                        to the grave, people like me... And 
                        you.

           A sudden movement from Sarah now, and the carving knife is in 
           Mosiewicz’s leg. The scissors drop to the floor as he 
           stumbles back against the wall.

           Sarah struggles to her feet and comes at him again with the 
           knife. Mosiewicz grabs both her wrists, causing her to cry 
           out in pain. In her weakened state, it’s not hard for him to 
           gain the upper hand. The knife falls again, and shoots away 
           across the tiled floor. 

           Mosiewicz grabs Sarah by the neck and pushes her towards the 
           row of basins. He forces her face down hard onto a GLASS 
           SHELF above the nearest basin. It shatters. 

           He grabs her hair and smashes her face onto the basin.

           We’re not sure for a moment if Sarah is still conscious. 
           Until she reaches for one of the SHARDS OF GLASS that have 
           fallen into the basin. Bloodied but unbowed, she wrestles her 
           way out of Mosiewicz’s grip, wheels round and slashes blindly 
           at him. He raises his hands to his face in defense and the 
           glass slices deeply through his palms. He staggers backwards. 

           Sarah throws herself onto him and they fall to the ground. 
           There is a dreadful crack as Mosiewicz’s head hits the tile. 
           As he lies momentarily stunned, Sarah maneuvers onto to him, 
           pinning his arms, and holds the shard of glass to his neck. 

           Mosiewicz looks at her impassively.

                                 MOSIEWICZ (CONT’D)
                        What happened to the woman who was 
                        so determined not to give me the 
                        satisfaction of death, the 
                        satisfaction of avoiding trial? 
                                 SARAH
                        You’ll have your trial, Mosiewicz. 
                        Higher justice. 
                          (a beat)
                        Very satisfying book, the bible. I 
                        think that’s what you said. 

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        You don’t have to kill me, you 
                        know. Bentok was the only one who 
                        knew. And Bentok is dead. 

           Sarah hesitates a moment.

                                 SARAH
                        How... do you know?

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Because I killed him this morning. 
                        The journalist was due to return. 
                        It was the kindest thing to do. 
                        He’d lost his mind, anyway. 

                                 SARAH
                        You...

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        I’ll protect your secret and you’ll 
                        protect mine. As we have for 30 
                        years. It’s what we both want.

           Sarah shakes her head slowly and presses the glass more 
           firmly into his neck. Mosiewicz swallows hard.

                                 SARAH
                        If we Jews know so well how to die, 
                        Mosiewicz, I hope you observed us 
                        carefully. I hope you watched, and 
                        you learned. Because you’re looking 
                        at one who knows how to kill. 

           With that, Sarah presses the glass again into Mosiewicz’s 
           throat. He winces. But it does not break the skin.

           Sarah hesitates a moment. And then she tosses the shard of 
           glass aside and stands up. 

           Mosiewicz begins to chuckle.

                                 MOSIEWICZ
                        Are you sure?
           Never taking her eyes from his, Sarah reaches down and 
           removes the syringe pen embedded in his thigh. 

           He looks down in alarm, his laughter stopping abruptly as he 
           feels the cold creep of lethal chemicals through his veins. 
           He looks back at her, eyes wide. And then he’s gone.

                                 SARAH
                        Yes.

           Working quickly and calmly, she drags Mosiewicz’s body over 
           to the basin.

           Then she leaves, closing the door behind her.

           INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. DAY.

           Sarah hurries away as inconspicuously as she can, trying to 
           conceal the blood leaking into the gown from her shoulder 
           wound.

           INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR. DAY.

           Sofia, the nurse, arrives at the door to the medical room 
           with TWO MEDICS. One pushes a wheelchair. Sofia turns the 
           handle and swings the door open. 

                                 SOFIA
                        Mrs Barov? The ambulance is here.

           INT. MEDICAL ROOM. CONTINUOUS.

           Sofia and the medics step into the room to find...

           Sarah. Wearing her clothes again, standing beside the bin for 
           hygenic disposal of medical waste items. She snaps it shut.

                                 SOFIA
                        Mrs. Barov?

           Sarah turns and makes a convincing play of grogginess. 

                                 MEDIC
                          (to Sarah)
                        Let’s get you into the chair.

           He guides her into the wheelchair. As he starts to wheel her 
           out, the second medic spots the bloodstain.
                                 SECOND MEDIC
                          (to Sofia)
                        She has a puncture wound also?

                                 SOFIA
                        I, I didn’t... see. I’m sorry. She 
                        was in so much pain with her wrist. 
                        I didn’t know.

                                 MEDIC
                          (to Sarah)
                        We’re going to get you downstairs.

           And the two medics begin to lift her gently into the chair.

           EXT. STALINA HOSPITAL. DAY.

           The ambulance pulls away down the drive, turns into the main 
           road and speeds away. That the siren is not on is surely a 
           good sign.

           INT. EL AL JET. NIGHT.

           A PRETTY AIR HOSTESS walks the aisle, past row upon row of 
           sleeping passengers. 

           Sarah is here in a window seat, awake once again, her head 
           resting against the window. She’s bruised and her arm is in a 
           sling, but for the first time, she is wearing an expression 
           of perfect serenity. 

           She closes her eyes. And in just a few moments, the deep rise 
           and fall of her chest tells us that, at last, Sarah is sound 
           asleep.

           EXT. EL AL JET. NIGHT.

           From outside the window, we see Sarah’s peaceful face. We pan 
           away, along the body of the plane, past the rest of the 
           windows, towards the tail... 

           ...Where we come to rest upon: the Star of David.

                                                    FADE TO WHITE.

           THE END
