                           The Many Deaths of Barnaby James

                                         by

                                   Brian Nathanson
           A black screen.  A title card reads LADY LIBERTY.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        What sins are you sharing with us 
                        tonight, darling?

           EXT. MORTECITA SUBURBS - NIGHT

           It’s the dead of night.  Around the sleepy suburban 
           neighborhood, even the trees sag and rest for the night.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        I can tell that you’re planning to 
                        pick at least one.  If you weren’t, 
                        you’d never be out at this hour.

           The streets are barren.  No one walks down the sidewalk.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        The good people, the happy people -- 
                        they’re home, tucked in bed.

           Every single home has its lights off and blinds drawn shut.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        The only evil they know is from 
                        fairy tales.  The monster, hiding 
                        in the closet or under the bed.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           A few stores are still open for business, although they tend 
           to be low-rent bars and sketchy night clubs.

           With the rain and the lights of the bars, the night’s sky has 
           a strange purple hue to it, almost otherworldly in nature.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        I know evil.  I’ve met monsters, or 
                        at least, monstrous men. 

           Among the people out at this hour are swarms of HARAJUKU-
           INSPIRED YOUTH, in their gothic garb.  They wear black and 
           pink clothing, layered and ruffled, along with facial 
           piercings and the occasional top hat.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        And let me tell you, darling, the 
                        last thing they’d want to do is 
                        waste their whole night hiding 
                        under a bed.
           A few of the freaky youth puff cigarettes, which produce 
           smoke in a variety of colors, as they pass by THE POUND.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        You see, the night’s the only time 
                        they get to enjoy themselves.  

           The Pound looks the part of a seedy strip club, right down to 
           its half-flickering sign and the wooden boards covering every 
           inch of the windows.  It’s the opposite of inviting.

           Two BOUNCERS, beefy men wearing fishnet shirts and steel 
           chain belts, guard the door.   

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        The only time when they can indulge 
                        their carnal cravings.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BOOTH - NIGHT

           Music blasts and lights flash on the face of LADY LIBERTY.  
           Not a lady at all, he’s merely a frightfully skinny man with 
           a woman’s wig and a dash of lipstick.  A tiara, made to look 
           like a spiked crown, rests in that blue-green colored wig.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        The only time I’m open for 
                        business.

           A half-buttoned shirt exposes every bone in his chest, as 
           well as a tattoo of the Statue of Liberty painted across 
           them.  This version has the statue holding up her middle 
           finger instead of a torch.  Etched across his arms are the 
           words “Land of the Free,” and “Home of the Slave.”

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        The sins I offer involve flesh.

           Liberty sits at a cheap booth, tattered and felt, and talks 
           to CALLAHAN.  Callahan’s a hulk of a man, but he doesn’t look 
           well.  He fidgets.  He twitches.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        The question with flesh is -- do 
                        you want to touch it...

           Liberty strokes Callahan’s cheek tenderly.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Or tear it.

           Liberty peels up Callahan’s lip to find fierce sets of fangs.  
           There are rows of them, stacked side by side like a shark.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Can’t fight the body’s urges, can 
                        we, darling?

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty leads Callahan down a corner and into a hallway.  
           The hall has several doors, including a set of bathrooms with 
           vulgar male and female drawings marked “Poles” and “Holes.”  

           At the end of the hallway, an OBESE STRIPPER leads a DIRTY 
           OLD MAN towards the back room for a private lap dance.

           Rather than follow them, Liberty turns to the other end of 
           the hallway.  It seems to be a dead end, although a bouncer, 
           MALACODA, stands guard.  His steel chain belt coils all the 
           way down to the grimy floor, dragging behind him like a tail.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Step aside, Malacoda.  VIP here.

           Malacoda steps away, leaving a hidden hatch exposed.  He tugs 
           open the hatch to reveal a staircase leading downstairs.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           The downstairs level is smaller than the dumpy strip club 
           above it, among the other obvious differences.  

           A stone bridge runs across the room.  Ten VIP tables and 
           booths surround the bridge, five on each side.  The booths 
           are sunken into the floor.  When viewed from above, the room 
           resembles a giant muffin pan. 

           SERVICE GIRLS and SERVICE BOYS, both dressed in provocative 
           red leather, walk across the bridge and provide trays of 
           drinks to the patrons below them.  

           Some of those SINNERS slam back the drinks, others jam straws 
           into their noses, all to the sounds of blasting trance music 
           and flashing green and yellow overhead lights.

           Lady Liberty leads Callahan across the bridge, giving polite 
           smiles to some as he passes.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        The malebolge room is for my most 
                        esteemed guests.  

           Callahan, still twitching, catches sight of a pair of well-
           dressed POLITICIANS arguing over paperwork.  A Service Girl 
           and Service Boy satisfy them orally while they bicker.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I supply them with drugs or sex or 
                        any other cliche pleasure.

           The end of the bridge runs square into a large double-locked 
           door.  Liberty tosses a smile back to Callahan. 

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Lucky for me, you’re delightfully 
                        more disturbed than that.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           The music gets walled off as soon as Lady Liberty closes the 
           bulky door behind him.  He leads Callahan down a steep wooden 
           staircase to the darkened basement.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        This is where I store the meat.

           Liberty flicks on the light switch.  The lights come on 
           slowly, in stages.  

           The lights reveal dozens of fearful faces, PRISONERS, all 
           trapped in individual glass cases that stack on top of each 
           other like boxes to make up the walls of the basement.  
           They’re on display like action figures at Toys ‘R Us.

           The sight of the prisoners only increases Callahan’s fervor.  
           His eyes turn a shade of yellow.  He scratches at his arm, 
           with fingers that start to resemble claws.  

           Liberty walks by a case containing a TEENAGE GIRL, another 
           with a RAGGEDY HOMELESS MAN.  He stops at one housing PLAY-
           THING, an especially mutilated woman.  Her hair’s been ripped 
           out in chunks, and scars line every inch of her body.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        To think, this one used to be 
                        pretty.  Glamorous looking.  She 
                        had a gorgeous head of hair.

           While the other prisoners cower, Play-Thing stares at 
           Liberty, not backing down an inch.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        One of my clients -- a sicko, even 
                        by our standards -- lit it on fire.  
                        Tried to piss out the flames.

           Liberty taps on Play-Thing’s glass cage.  Play-Thing hisses 
           back, more animal than woman now.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        People like that’ll make a girl 
                        lose her manners.

           Callahan’s yellow eyes peer in at Play-Thing.  His fangs 
           salivate at the thought of ripping her to shreds.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        She’s reserved for someone else.  
                        But let me show you a nice plump 
                        brunette.  Barely used.

           Liberty makes his way across the room to that plump BRUNETTE 
           PRISONER, stacked high enough that Liberty has to stand on 
           his toes when he unlocks the cage door.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        There you go, darling.  Chase the 
                        rabbit.

           Callahan snarls with hunger as he stalks towards his prey.  
           The Brunette wisely stays put, pushing herself as far back 
           into her box as she can.  Unfortunately, it’s not far enough.

           Liberty watches with delight.  The ferocious growl and 
           screaming are music to his ears.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - NIGHT

           In the main stage room, HEAVYSET STRIPPERS perform for a 
           sparse crowd.  Every stripper in the place must be at least 
           seventy pounds overweight.

           Liberty’s HANDMAIDEN mans the front desk, acting as maitre 
           d’.  She’s a fresh-faced, natural beauty, trapped in a 
           corset.  She bows demurely when Lady Liberty approaches.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        Did you enjoy the feeder, my lady?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Indeed.  I know they’re a cursed 
                        people, but they’re damn erotic to 
                        watch in action, if you ask me.

           Liberty looks around the room at all the empty tables.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        In fact, I’m in such a good mood, I 
                        won’t punish you for all these 
                        empty chairs.
                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        I apologize.  Rumor says, the Black 
                        Top is coming to town tomorrow.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        That carnie bastard’s got an unfair 
                        advantage, hasn’t he.  He can 
                        conjure the dead.  I have to 
                        replace them.  Speaking of, there’s 
                        a vacancy in the meat room.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        I can check the half-way houses --

           Liberty scans the room.  He focuses on a grizzled BAR-
           DWELLER, perched on a stool at the end of the bar.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        No need.  I have the man in mind.  
                        Tell Malacoda to take him 
                        downstairs.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BAR - NIGHT

           The Bar-Dweller, nursing a glass of water, hears a rattling 
           noise.  He looks behind him to see Malacoda approach, with 
           his steel chain belt dragging behind him.  The Bar-Dweller 
           looks confused when Malacoda slips off his belt.

           The reason becomes clear soon enough, when Malacoda whips the 
           chain across the Bar-Dweller’s face.  The blow causes the Bar-
           Dweller to crash onto the floor.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty watches Malacoda slash at the Bar-Dweller’s 
           back.  The Bar-Dweller’s shirt rips.  So does his skin.

           The Handmaiden can’t help but shield her eyes.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        May I ask what he did, my lady?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        He committed the only unforgiveable 
                        sin.  He’s been here for two hours.  
                        And all he’s ordered is that one 
                        glass of water.

           The Bar-Dweller coughs blood, but Malacoda keeps beating him.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        People can be so rude.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BAR

           Malacoda wraps the chain around the Bar-Dweller’s neck and 
           strangles him.  The Bar-Dweller fights against it, but his 
           energy wanes around the same time his face turns bright red.

           Lady Liberty approaches.  He kneels down to get eye-to-eye 
           with the Bar-Dweller.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        You’ll find me to be a charitable 
                        person.  I’m friendly to strangers.  
                        I even employ orphans and runaways.

           Liberty strokes the man’s hair.  His face is purple now.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        But, first and foremost, I’m a 
                        businesswoman.  And having you 
                        linger here all night?  Why, that 
                        doesn’t help my business at all.

           Liberty tenderly wipes the Bar-Dweller’s lip, where a mixture 
           of drool and blood has gathered.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        How about we compromise?  You let 
                        me make money off of you.  And I 
                        let you linger here.  Maybe even 
                        longer than you’d like.

           Malacoda uses the steel chain as a leash as he drags the Bar-
           Dweller across the floor, towards the back room.

           The few PATHETIC PATRONS in attendance watch the scene.  
           Horror reads on their faces.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Nothing to see here, fellas -- just 
                        another night in paradise.

           Liberty switches back into perky hostess mode.  He saunters 
           over to one of the Patrons with a sweet smile on his face.  
           He tosses a skinny arm around the man.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        So what sins are you sharing with 
                        us tonight, darling?

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads BARNABY.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        Nobody wants to be a corpse.

           EXT. CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS - DUSK

           BARNABY JAMES, 20, has his floppy black hair tucked under a 
           newsboy’s cap and a large bouquet of flowers tucked under his 
           arm.  He’s thin and good looking, although a bit pale.

           In between his collar bones is a strange mark, a series of 
           tiny symbols, almost like a tattoo.  

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        At the orphanage, they used to take 
                        us to church every Sunday.  The 
                        preachers would talk about the 
                        glory of Heaven and God’s embrace.

           His icy blue eyes dance over the Church of St. Nicholas.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        Only, even they were in no hurry to 
                        see it for themselves.

           EXT. CHURCH CEMETERY - DUSK

           Barnaby strolls down the cobblestone path of the adjacent 
           cemetery.  Instead of tombstones, memorial plaques rest in 
           the grass.  Barnaby glances over each one as he walks by.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        Nobody wants to be a corpse.

           He stops at one plaque.  The inscription reads, “Music, the 
           greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven that we 
           have below.”

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        That’s why I don’t feel bad about 
                        doing what Azlon asks.

           After a look around to ensure that the cemetery’s empty, 
           Barnaby slides a small shovel out of the bouquet. 

           He slams the shovel into the grass and starts to dig.

           EXT. CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS - DUSK

           A black hearse rolls up the church driveway.  
           The driver’s side window rolls down.  DOKTOR KAHN, late 50s, 
           a small Eastern Europe man with circular spectacles that 
           pinch his nose, peers out.

           In the distance, Doktor Kahn sees Barnaby at the grave, with 
           mounds of dirt by his side.  Barnaby motions.  He’s done.

           Doktor Kahn steps out of the hearse and opens the back door.  
           A SHADOWY FIGURE slides out.

           EXT. CHURCH CEMETERY - DUSK

           The Shadowy Figure approaches.  He wears a long black coat 
           and uses a cane.

           Barnaby utilizes the shovel to crack open the wooden coffin, 
           whose rot has allowed worms to nibble holes in its side.  

           Barnaby pulls open the coffin cover to reveal a SINGER’S 
           CORPSE.  The Corpse’s skin has rotted and sagged.  A swarm of 
           larvae suckle on the leftover flesh.  Despite the look and 
           smell, Barnaby doesn’t budge.  He’s seen this all before.

           The Shadowy Figure slaps Barnaby on the back.

                                 SHADOWY FIGURE
                        Good work, Barnaby, m’boy.  As 
                        always.

           The Shadowy Figure drags his cane along the Corpse.  At the 
           cane’s end is a separate attachment, a WAND.  About ten 
           inches long, the metallic wand has ancient writing and 
           strange swirling symbols chiseled in its sides. 

           The Shadowy Figure jams the wand into a specific spot between 
           the Corpse’s neck and chest.  The wand sinks in, creating a 
           hissing sound and a small puff of smoke as it leaves an 
           imprint, a mark exactly the same as Barnaby has himself.

           A purple fluid bubbles up from the mark, spilling over to 
           wash all over the Corpse’s body.  The Corpse’s decayed chest 
           begins to rise and fall, its heart starting to beat again.

           As the fluid runs down the Corpse’s body, it burns off the 
           larvae, but enlivens the few patches of sagging skin.  The 
           skin becomes liquid, spreading and stretching over the entire 
           body.  When it cools, it returns to human flesh.  The Corpse 
           plumps up, growing from the inside as well.

           Barnaby watches, wide eyed.  He might have seen this before, 
           but he’s never gotten used to this part.
           Before long, the Corpse has fully transformed into a living 
           SINGER, albeit a confused one.  The Singer’s eyes search 
           around frantically before they settle on the Shadowy Figure.

                                 SINGER
                        Who... who...

           The Shadowy Figure -- AZLON -- looms over the man.  Azlon’s 
           eyes are rimmed in black.  His faint purple eye shadow 
           matches the lining in his coat.

                                 AZLON
                        I know what you’re thinking, but 
                        I’m not God.

           Azlon’s voice is deep, booming, dramatic.  He says every word 
           as though he’s on stage, reciting Shakespeare.

                                 AZLON
                        I’m greater than God.  I give 
                        second chances.

           The Singer scoots backwards on the grass, still unsure of 
           this strange man.

                                 AZLON
                        And unlike God, I try not to pry in 
                        silly subjects like the state of 
                        your soul.

           Azlon reaches out a hand, offering to help the Singer up.

                                 AZLON
                        I’m simply interested in offering 
                        you this -- a gig, for the night, 
                        and maybe longer.

           The Singer looks to Barnaby.  Barnaby looks nice, normal.  
           Barnaby nods to him, reassuringly.

           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - DIRT ROAD - DUSK

           Doktor Kahn drives the hearse down a dirt road.  He makes a 
           sharp turn, heading straight into decrepit fields.

           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - DUSK

           The tall fields smack against the hearse, which powers 
           through.  The wheels track mud behind them.
           EXT. BLACK TOP - DUSK

           The hearse rolls to a stop next to several train cars and 
           wagons in a cleared out field.  The empty area is about the 
           size of a football field, but it’s being filled quickly.

           Dozens of laborers, known as ROUSTABOUTS, hang wires and 
           ropes to finish construction of the BLACK TOP.  Essentially, 
           it’s a circus tent, although the curtain is predictably 
           black.  

           The Roustabouts, all with the same mark on their chests, are 
           ghostly pale, with bags under their eyes.  They look as if 
           they haven’t seen the sun in ages.  

           EXT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - DUSK

           Azlon and Doktor Kahn lead the Singer past the center tent 
           and towards some smaller ones tucked away in the back.

           Barnaby hurries to help the Laborers rig up the Black Top.  
           They don’t have long before night fully sets in.

           Barnaby catches up with SUDSY, a short and chunky laborer 
           about his age.  Sudsy drops off a box of supplies at the edge 
           of the Black Top tent.  When Barnaby approaches, Sudsy stops 
           working for a moment.

                                 SUDSY
                        Hey, Barn.  That was quick.  You 
                        almost broke my old record.

                                 BARNABY
                        It was just a small church 
                        cemetery.

                                 SUDSY
                        And how’s the new guy look?

                                 BARNABY
                        Scared.  Confused.  

                                 SUDSY
                        Sounds like the usual.

                                 BARNABY
                        Yeah, I hope he pulls it together 
                        by show time.

                                 SUDSY
                        If he doesn’t, you’ll be back out 
                        there digging up his replacement.  
                        Another chance to break my record.
           Back to work.  Sudsy treks over to one of the parked wagon 
           trains, where a BURLY ROUSTABOUT hands him another box of 
           supplies.  Barnaby takes one as well.

                                 BARNABY
                        I wouldn’t mind staying in town.  
                        We’re in Mortecita right now.

                                 SUDSY
                        So what?  Next week we’ll be in 
                        Kerkhoff.

           Sudsy and Barnaby carry their boxes back down to the tent.

                                 BARNABY
                        I know someone in Mortecita.

           Sudsy studies Barnaby’s face.  He knows where his mind is at.

                                 SUDSY
                        Delilah’s dead.

                                 BARNABY
                        She doesn’t have to be.

           Sudsy slings his box down on the ground and turns to Barnaby.  
           This warning merits his full attention.

                                 SUDSY
                        Listen, Barn.  Azlon likes you, but 
                        you need to be careful.  We’re 
                        grave boys.  We’re replaceable.  
                        Make one mistake and you’re dead 
                        again.

           Sudsy starts back for the wagon.  Barnaby sets his box down.  
           He keeps his head down and follows Sudsy.  Back to work.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - NIGHT

           The Roustabouts are nowhere in sight, as the Black Top tent 
           has been fully constructed.  

           A dozen TOWNERS, the few well-to-do members of the nearby 
           cities, line up at the tent opening.  There’s a buzz about 
           them as they whisper amongst each other.  They have no marks 
           on their chests.  They’re still on their first life.

           INT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - NIGHT

           The Towners settle onto folding chairs.  When the last takes 
           his seat, the lights shut off, turning the tent pitch black.
           A single spotlight shines on Azlon’s face.  The purple eye 
           shadow has been enhanced, caked over and under his eyes.  
           He’s abandoned his coat in favor of a tightly tailored suit.  

           Azlon takes a dramatic pause before raising a skinny 
           microphone to his lips.  His showman voice is in full effect.

                                 AZLON
                        Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to 
                        the Black Top.  If you came here 
                        expecting to be entertained, please 
                        hurry to the exits now.

           Azlon strolls around the stage.  The spotlight, the only 
           light in the tent, stays with him.

                                 AZLON
                        For our job, on this evening, is to 
                        not let you sit back and watch.  
                        You do that enough already.

           His finger points at the audience, almost accusatorily. 

                                 AZLON
                        Hours of every day, you sit on your 
                        couch, eat potato chips and watch 
                        lights flicker on a small screen.

           Azlon strolls directly towards the audience now. 

                                 AZLON
                        And then, in that rare instance 
                        when you seek out activity... you 
                        go sit in a theatre, eat popcorn 
                        and watch lights flicker on a 
                        slightly larger screen.

           His speech speeds up.

                                 AZLON
                        Our job, on this night, is to give 
                        you something else.  Something 
                        different.  We will engage you.  
                        Enrage you.  Amuse you, confuse 
                        you...

           Azlon stands at the edge of the stage, balancing on it. 

                                 AZLON
                        We will show you the pageantry of 
                        life, the putridity of death, and 
                        in between them, a line so fine it 
                        would vex even our most agile 
                        acrobat.
           He leaps off the stage to get on the same level as the 
           audience members.

                                 AZLON
                        Our only question to you is this -- 
                        do I have any volunteers?

           A set of dim lights come on over the audience.  A middle-aged 
           WELL-TO-DO WOMAN in the front row raises her hand. 

                                 AZLON
                        Ahh, the beautiful ones are always 
                        the bravest.

           Azlon escorts the Woman up on the stage.

                                 AZLON
                        Young lady, do tell us your name.

           Azlon holds the microphone to the Woman’s lips.

                                 WELL-TO-DO WOMAN
                        Elizabe --

           Before she can finish, Azlon reaches into his back pocket and 
           pulls out an antique Smith & Wesson pistol.  He cocks it and 
           blasts the side of her face clean off.  Chunks of brain and 
           skull spew into the crowd.

           The Well-to-Do Woman collapses in a bloody mess.  The Towners 
           gasp and stand to get a look at her.  

                                 AZLON
                        Ladies and gentlemen, please settle 
                        down -- she’s still squirming.  
                        Once she stops, we’ll bring her 
                        back to enjoy the rest of the show.

           The Towners chatter amongst each other, half frightened, half 
           exhilarated.  No one dares to leave yet.

           Towards the back of the tent, Barnaby watches the show 
           through an opening in the curtain.

           An arm grabs him by the collar and jerks him backwards.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - NIGHT

           An AERIALIST rips Barnaby away from the curtain.  He stands 
           with the other PERFORMERS, which include MUSICIANS, DANCING 
           GIRLS and various others in Vaudevillian costume.
                                 AERIALIST
                        Kinkers only.  Get back with the 
                        worker bees.

           The Aerialist shoves Barnaby away.  Barnaby stumbles to the 
           ground, eliciting snickers from the Dancing Girls.  

           Barnaby springs to his feet.  He says nothing.  He simply 
           heads to the Roustabouts’ tent.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - ROUSTABOUTS’ TENT - NIGHT

           Barnaby drudges over to Sudsy, who sits outside the tent and 
           wipes mud off his old boots with a broken tree branch. 

                                 SUDSY
                        Don’t worry about him, Barn.

                                 BARNABY
                        I don’t.  Besides, Delilah could be 
                        a performer.

           Sudsy sighs, having hoped this topic wouldn’t come up again.  

                                 BARNABY
                        She’s pretty enough to be a lead 
                        attraction.  She’s an angel.  With 
                        porcelain skin and this luscious 
                        red hair.  I’ve never seen anything 
                        like it.

           Sudsy playfully flicks some mud from the branch at Barnaby.

                                 SUDSY
                        Every year we come to Mortecita, I 
                        have to deal with this Delilah 
                        talk.  I can’t wait to leave.

                                 BARNABY
                        Well I can’t wait another year to 
                        come back.  I need to see her.  At 
                        least, see what happened to her.  

                                 SUDSY
                        And what’s gonna happen to you if 
                        you sneak off for the night?  If 
                        Azlon finds out... 
                             (beat)
                        Barn, I don’t wanna bury my best 
                        friend.

                                 BARNABY
                        I won’t sneak off.  I’ll ask.
                                 SUDSY
                        You’ve asked before and he said no.  
                        He’s not gonna change his mind, and 
                        he’ll get mad at you for bringing 
                        it up.

                                 BARNABY
                        Azlon’s a good man underneath.  You 
                        can reason with him.

           Sudsy scoffs and shakes his head, frustrated.  He starts 
           picking mud from his boots with the tree branch again. 

           Barnaby swipes Sudsy’s branch to get his full attention.

                                 BARNABY
                        I’m talking to him tonight.  After 
                        the show.

           INT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - NIGHT

           The audience has cleared out after the night’s performance.  
           The only ones left are the Roustabouts, who clean up.  

           Sudsy helps fold chairs.  Barnaby is on his knees, picking up 
           chunks of brain and placing them into a bucket. 

           EXT. BLACK TOP - DINING CAR - NIGHT

           The Performers hang outside.  Some smoke, while others filter 
           into the dining car for some drinks.

           The MEERS SISTERS, twins EDITH and ENID, head for the dining 
           car.  They’re both blond, caked in makeup, and wearing 
           matching ruffled dresses.

           Doktor Kahn steps in front of the Sisters.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        Azlon wants to see you.  On stage.

           The Sisters’ merry mood ends.  This can’t be good news.

           INT. BLACK TOP - CENTER TENT - NIGHT

           Azlon paces on stage, troubled.  The Meers Sisters approach 
           him, fake smiles on.

                                 ENID
                        Good show tonight, sir.
                                 AZLON
                        That’s precisely the problem.  For 
                        you, good is good enough.

                                 EDITH
                        That’s not --

                                 AZLON
                        The show has been suffering, and 
                        I’ve solved it.

           Azlon stops pacing and turns towards the Sisters.

                                 AZLON
                        You haven’t been practicing.  

           The Sisters steal a glance at each other.  Busted.

                                 AZLON
                        A performance is like a muscle.  
                        Without use, it dies.  

           Azlon reaches into his coat and pulls out his pistol.

                                 AZLON
                        A noble performer goes down with 
                        the ship.

                                 EDITH
                        Azlon, please...

           Azlon considers the frightened faces of the Sisters.  He 
           steps towards Enid first.

                                 AZLON
                        You’ve insulted this show and this 
                        stage.  Apologize.

                                 ENID
                        I’m sorry, Azlon.  I --

                                 AZLON
                        To the stage.  Apologize to the 
                        stage.

           Enid appears confused by the request, but she knows better 
           than to disobey.  She looks down at the stage.

                                 ENID
                        I’m sorry, stage.  I’m so sorry.

           Barnaby and the Roustabouts stop their work to steal a glance 
           towards the argument on stage.
                                 AZLON
                        Act as if you mean it.

                                 ENID
                        I’ll get better.  My kicks, my 
                        footwork, it’ll all get better --

                                 AZLON
                        As if you mean it!

           Enid kneels down to talk to the stage.  She whimpers and 
           tears up, though probably more from fear than remorse.

                                 ENID
                        I apologize... I do... with all my 
                        heart and all my soul.  

                                 AZLON
                        Your dancing was bad.  Your acting 
                        was worse.

           Azlon cocks his pistol.

           Barnaby knows where this is going.  He looks away.  There’s a 
           bang, and then the sound of a body dropping.

           With her sister Enid dead on stage, Edith tries her best not 
           to cry.  She looks back to Azlon, her hands shaking.

                                 EDITH
                        Azlon... please...

                                 AZLON
                        Stop your sniveling, m’dear.
                             (beat)
                        Your legs I like.  And for that, 
                        you’ve been granted the greatest 
                        gift there is: time in my tent.  
                        Would you like to join me?

           Azlon presses his pistol under Edith’s chin.

                                 AZLON
                        Or your sister?

                                 EDITH
                             (weak smile)
                        It’d be an honor to join you, sir.

           Barnaby watches the pool of blood gather around Enid’s skull.  
           Sudsy approaches him and whispers.

                                 SUDSY
                        Good luck reasoning with him, Barn.
           EXT. BLACK TOP - DINING CAR - NIGHT

           All the Performers are in the dining car now, as fiddle music 
           pours out the windows.

           INT. BLACK TOP - ROUSTABOUTS’ TENT - NIGHT

           Crammed into a small tent, the Roustabouts settle down for 
           the night on wooden boards.  They have generously been 
           granted flea-ridden blankets and pillows.

           Sudsy stirs.  The board next to him is empty.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S TENT - NIGHT

           Barnaby takes tentative steps towards Azlon’s tent.  Unlike 
           the other tents, Azlon’s has a strong steel frame.

           Barnaby can hear primal grunts coming from inside.

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S TENT - NIGHT

           Azlon’s tent has luxuries, none more striking than his king-
           sized bed, which dangles from the ceiling like a bird cage.  
           The bed swings back and forth, rocking the entire tent.

           Barnaby takes off his cap as soon as he steps inside.  His 
           shoes squash an old pomegranate.  Several other half-eaten 
           pomegranates line the floor of the tent.

                                 BARNABY
                             (timidly)
                        Azlon?

           Azlon, wrestling under the sheets with Edith, throws another 
           pomegranate.  It splatters at Barnaby’s feet.

                                 AZLON
                        Go away!

                                 BARNABY
                        Sorry, sir.

                                 AZLON
                             (recognizing the voice)
                        Barnaby?

           A shirtless Azlon emerges from under the sheets.  

                                 AZLON
                        Barnaby, m’boy!  Do come in.
           Edith pops her head out, her hair mussed. 

                                 EDITH
                        Can’t you come back --

           Azlon shoves Edith out of the bed and onto the floor below.  
           She lands on her neck, cracking it on impact.  The shocked 
           expression on her face stays there.  She’s dead.

           Barnaby freezes for a moment at the death.  Azlon couldn’t 
           care less, as he drops down a rope ladder for the boy.

                                 AZLON
                        Come up here, m’boy.  I want to see 
                        that sweet face.

           Barnaby sidesteps Edith’s body and grabs hold of the ladder.  
           When he climbs up, the weight of the bed shifts, causing it 
           to rock back and forth once again.

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S BED - NIGHT

           Azlon helps pull Barnaby up onto the bed.  

                                 AZLON
                        How can I help you tonight, m’boy?

                                 BARNABY
                        It’s, it’s about Delilah.

           Azlon grumbles.  He picks up a pomegranate and chomps into 
           it.  The juices and seeds spill down his chin.

                                 AZLON
                        You’re a hard worker, m’boy, but a 
                        dim bulb at best.  We spoke about 
                        this, at this time, last year.

                                 BARNABY
                        I know, but I wanted to ask again, 
                        sir.  Delilah can work the rigs.  
                        Or help with the costumes...

                                 AZLON
                        Barnaby, if you’re looking for 
                        lust, I can help.  We’ll find you 
                        anything from a dirty old man to a 
                        suitable young girl, hardworking 
                        and hairless, where it matters. 

                                 BARNABY
                        I loved Delilah, sir.  I still do.
                                 AZLON
                             (scoffing)
                        Love...

           Azlon tosses out the half-eaten pomegranate and reaches over 
           to snare another.  The sheets in his bed are stained with 
           pomegranate juice.  Or, at least, what looks like it.

                                 AZLON
                        Remember when we had that 
                        children’s choir?  Worked well, but 
                        only until Christmas came.

           Azlon mimics the children’s voices.

                                 AZLON
                        “Azlon, can you deliver this letter 
                        to Santa?”  “Azlon, will the sleigh 
                        know where the Black Top will be?”

           Azlon pinches Barnaby’s cheek.

                                 AZLON
                        Your problem, m’boy, is that you 
                        died too young to realize that 
                        love’s the same myth.

           Barnaby wipes the pomegranate remnants off his cheek.  

                                 BARNABY
                        Yes, sir.

           Barnaby hangs his head and shuffles to the rope ladder.  When 
           Azlon catches sight of his disappointment, he softens.

                                 AZLON
                        Barnaby, wait... I admire that 
                        innocence.  It’s your gift.  Your 
                        gift to us.

                                 BARNABY
                        I don’t follow, sir.

                                 AZLON
                        There are two types of gifts.  One 
                        you can learn and one you can lose.  
                        Consider the corpse below us now.

           Azlon shuffles over the bed to peer down at Edith’s body. 
                                 AZLON
                        I’ll bring her back because she has 
                        a pair of qualities I quite enjoy 
                        in a woman -- a twisting tongue and 
                        no qualms about where to place it.

           Barnaby looks down at Edith’s lifeless face.  With both of 
           them leaning over, the bed tilts dramatically.

                                 AZLON
                        No doubt a helpful father or uncle 
                        trained her, at an age well before 
                        she ought to know how.

           Azlon turns back to Barnaby.

                                 AZLON
                        That’s a talent you learn.  Like 
                        the Fiddler’s skill with a bow or a 
                        blade.  Like my showmanship on 
                        stage.  But yours, your pure heart, 
                        your belief in true love -- that’s 
                        something we sad souls can never 
                        acquire again.

                                 BARNABY
                        It’s not something I’ll lose, sir.

                                 AZLON
                        And that’s why you’re so special.  
                        For you, I’d bring Delilah back, if 
                        I could.  But even I can’t.  I 
                        looked into the matter myself.

           Azlon crawls closer to Barnaby.  As he does, the bed shifts.

                                 AZLON
                        Delilah died, shortly after you.  
                        She drank a vial of poison.  She 
                        couldn’t bear being without you, 
                        and I don’t blame her.

           Azlon ruffles up Barnaby’s hair.

                                 AZLON 
                        But she was cremated.  Her ashes 
                        scattered.  I’d never be able to 
                        find them all.

           Barnaby appears surprised by the story, but says nothing.  
                                 AZLON
                        Delilah’s gone for good, m’boy.  
                        The Black Top’s all you have, but 
                        the Black Top’s all you need.  We 
                        are your family now.

                                 BARNABY
                        Yes, sir. 

           INT. BLACK TOP - ROUSTABOUTS’ TENT - NIGHT

           Barnaby lies on his board, eyes awake.  He’s still uneasy 
           about something.

           On the next board over, Sudsy whacks fleas away with the tree 
           branch he’s been hanging on to.

                                 BARNABY
                        He said Delilah was cremated.  Her 
                        ashes spread all over.

                                 SUDSY
                        Case closed.  Unless you want to go 
                        find every speck of her.

                                 BARNABY
                        She’s not cremated.

           Barnaby slides closer to Sudsy in order to whisper.

                                 BARNABY
                        Last year, Azlon said she was 
                        buried at sea.  
                             (beat)
                        He’s lying.  Delilah’s out there.

                                 SUDSY
                        Still.  There’s nothing you can do 
                        about it, Barn.  

                                 BARNABY
                        You’ve been into town, haven’t you?  
                        To the files... it’ll tell me where 
                        she’s buried.

                                 SUDSY
                        Barnaby...

                                 BARNABY
                        I just want to look at her.  One 
                        time.  That’s all I want.
                                 SUDSY
                        You’d risk getting killed or 
                        tortured, all for one look at 
                        Delilah?  Do you know how dumb that 
                        sounds?

                                 BARNABY
                        Of course I do.  But to pass 
                        through this city again, to go 
                        another year without her?  That’s 
                        torture. 

           Sudsy whimpers.  He’s in a lose-lose situation here.  This 
           time, he’s erring on the side of his friend.

                                 SUDSY
                        It’s a tattoo parlor.  I’ll give 
                        you the address.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - ROUSTABOUTS’ TENT - NIGHT

           Barnaby sneaks out of the tent.  The Black Top’s quiet, aside 
           from that fiddle music in the dining car.

           He looks to the fields behind the Black Top.  He can make a 
           clean break for it.

           Before he goes, he glances back to Azlon’s tent.  It’s 
           unguarded.  Maybe he can do something else.

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S TENT - NIGHT

           The sound of Azlon’s heavy snoring greets Barnaby as he 
           enters the tent.

           Barnaby grabs hold of the rope ladder.  As soon as he takes a 
           step onto it, the bed starts to tilt.  He has to be careful.

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S BED - NIGHT

           Azlon snores loudly.  In his hand, he holds onto his cane.  
           In his arms, he spoons the body of Edith Meers.  Only, she’s 
           still dead.  Her eyes are open and her neck’s still cracked.

           The bed dips as Barnaby climbs the ladder.  Azlon grumbles in 
           his sleep and shifts.

           Barnaby makes it to the bed top.  He sees the cane in Azlon’s 
           hand.  Carefully, he pries Azlon’s fingers off, one by one.
           At the third finger, Azlon snorts and his eyes shoot open.  
           Barnaby ducks down, out of sight.  Azlon drifts back asleep. 

           Barnaby works quickly now.  He pulls the cane out, and 
           unlatches the wand from its tip.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S TENT - NIGHT

           Barnaby tucks Azlon’s wand into his pants leg.  He heads for 
           the fields.  He tries to walk casually, but he knows he has 
           to hurry as well.

           Doktor Kahn emerges from his tent.  He puts his spectacles 
           when he spots Barnaby.  

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        What are you doing over here?

           Barnaby looks to Doktor Kahn, but makes a break for it.  He 
           runs as quickly as he can towards the fields.

           Doktor Kahn runs after Barnaby.  He’s in his 50s though, and 
           in no shape to chase down a young man.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        Stop him!  Stop that boy!

           EXT. BLACK TOP - ROUSTABOUTS’ TENT - NIGHT

           Sudsy sticks his head out of the tent when he overhears the 
           commotion.  Other Roustabouts emerge as well.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        Stop that boy!  He’s a runaway!

           The Burly Roustabout starts after him, but Sudsy sticks a leg 
           in his way.  The Burly Roustabout stumbles to the floor, 
           giving Barnaby a good head start.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - NIGHT

           Barnaby runs into the fields.  The momentum causes his cap to 
           fly off.  The Roustabouts chase after him, well behind.

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S BED - NIGHT

           The shouting outside causes Azlon’s eyes to flutter open.

           He sits up, groggy.  He looks to his hand, where he’s still 
           holding something.  Only, it’s Sudsy’s tree branch.
           EXT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S TENT - NIGHT

           Azlon hitches up his pants as he confers with Doktor Kahn.

                                 AZLON
                        Our boy Barnaby, he’s a dim bulb at 
                        best.  He won’t last through the 
                        night in a town like Mortecita.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        He won’t last an hour.  A few 
                        roustabouts are chasing him now.

                                 AZLON
                        Call them back.  We don’t want our 
                        men out in the open.  Not when one 
                        will do.  
                             (beat)
                        Find the Fiddler.

           INT. BLACK TOP - DINING CAR - NIGHT

           The dining car at the Black Top looks similar to one found on 
           a train.  The Performers bunch closely together as they dine 
           on small linen tables and drink, mostly bottles of absinthe.

           Fiddle music fills the car.  Refined, but haunting.  More 
           Berlioz’s Symphonie Fantastique than Charlie Daniels.

           THE FIDDLER sits alone at a table in the back of the room.  
           The other performers would rather cram two to a chair than 
           dare to join him.  He concentrates on his tune, allowing his 
           oily, seaweed-like hair to fall in his face.  

           When the Fiddler finishes his song, the Performers clap.  
           After the applause dies down, the Fiddler starts again, on 
           the exact same tune.  

           The Aerialist rolls his eyes and murmurs to a Dancing Girl.

                                 AERIALIST
                        Does he know anything else?

           The Fiddler stops.  His cold eyes glare up to the Aerialist.  
           He stands, which causes the entire car to go silent.  

           He approaches the Aerialist, with his bow in hand.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I like playin’ me fiddle.  Helps me 
                        pass the time.
           The Aerialist stays quiet and keeps his head down.  The 
           Fiddler grabs a fist full of the Aerialist’s hair and jerks 
           his head up so he can’t avoid eye contact.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        If you got other means of keeping 
                        me entertained... 

           The Fiddler clicks the bottom of his bow.  Like a 
           switchblade, a knife springs out its side.  A jagged blade.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Do share ‘em.

           The Fiddler’s bow gets dangerously close to the Aerialist’s 
           neck.  Beads of sweat trickle down the man’s forehead.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN (O.S.)
                        Fiddler...

           Doktor Kahn stands at the entrance.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        I need a word.

           EXT. BLACK TOP - DINING CAR - NIGHT

           With his fiddle case slung over his back, the Fiddler listens 
           to Doktor Kahn.  Or at least, barely.  He doesn’t make eye 
           contact, choosing instead to lock his eyes on the ground.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        Azlon needs you to chase down a 
                        runaway.  A grave boy.  Goes by the 
                        name of Barnaby.

           Doktor Kahn can’t tell if the Fiddler is even listening.  

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        It’s extremely urgent.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Sounds awful important for a grave 
                        boy.  Just tell Azlon to slam ‘is 
                        stick in the mud an’ conjure up 
                        another.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        That’s the problem... 
                             (beat)
                        The boy has the stick.
           The Fiddler immediately straightens up and looks to Doktor 
           Kahn.  For him, this just got interesting. 

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I ain’t good with names or faces, 
                        but I can find your boy.  You want 
                        ‘im dead or alive?  More fun for me 
                        if I can kill ‘im.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        As long as you find Azlon’s wand, I 
                        don’t see the difference.

           The Fiddler smiles.  A sick grin.

           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - NIGHT

           Barnaby races through the fields.  He breathes heavily.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        At the orphanage, they told us to 
                        never lie, cheat, or steal.  

           The sharp grass cuts against his skin as he runs, but he 
           doesn’t slow down.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        But they also said to look after 
                        each other.  To look after the ones 
                        you love.  

           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - DIRT ROAD - NIGHT

           Barnaby emerges from the fields and comes upon the dirt road.  

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        There’s no one that I love half as 
                        much as Delilah.  

           He digs into his pant leg and pulls out Azlon’s wand.  He 
           grips it tightly in his hand.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        And she needs me, more than ever.

           Lights flash on Barnaby’s face -- an oncoming car.  He tries 
           to flag it down.

                                 BARNABY (V.O.)
                        Nobody wants to be a corpse.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads JAYCE.

                                 JAYCE (V.O.)
                        I’m a romantic.

           EXT. GRASSY MEADOW - DUSK

           JAYCE, 27, is a modern day Don Juan.  At least, in his head.  
           In reality, he’s more slimy than slick, as evidenced by the 
           sweat that typically coats his palms and forehead.

           Tonight, he has a good excuse for the trickling beads of 
           sweat.  He’s naked, and thrusting.

                                 JAYCE (V.O.)
                        I’m a believer in courtly love.  
                        Women should be put on a pedestal, 
                        as holy objects, higher than 
                        ourselves.

           He moans; his face contorts... 

                                 JAYCE (V.O.)
                        They should be treated as the 
                        precious, fragile, tender beings 
                        that they are.  

           Jayce rolls off and rests on the wet grass.  He takes time to 
           catch his breath.

                                 JAYCE (V.O.)
                        I would never pressure them to do 
                        anything they aren’t comfortable 
                        with.  I’ll worship and respect 
                        them as long as they live.  

           He finds his square-framed glasses and puts them back on.  He 
           tosses a thankful smile to his partner.

           His partner -- a FEMALE CORPSE.  It’s only a few months old, 
           but it’s been dead long enough for its skin to start peeling 
           off and for worms to start crawling in the eye socket.

                                 JAYCE (V.O.) 
                        But when they die, all bets are 
                        off.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - DUSK

           Jayce, with his muddied clothes back on, treks across the 
           graveyard to the entrance gate.  He approaches the night 
           security guard, the only one on duty.  
                                 JAYCE
                        Apologies for taking so long.  I 
                        had to say a few words to my 
                        grandmother.  A treasure of a 
                        woman.  See, she always --

           The guard, DESMOND, in his 40s and sinfully ugly, isn’t 
           buying whatever Jayce is selling.  Still, he couldn’t care 
           less about his job, or Jayce.  He barely glances over.

                                 DESMOND
                        Dude... Whatever. 

           Desmond chews on a mouth full of raw tobacco, some of which 
           trickles down his chin when he talks.

                                 DESMOND
                        They only pay me to make sure kids 
                        don’t come out here to smoke dope.  
                        You can dig up a body or bury one 
                        for all I care.

                                 JAYCE
                        I appreciate the indifference.

           Jayce pulls out a money clip.  He slips Desmond five dollars.

                                 JAYCE
                        For the record though, I have a 
                        girlfriend.  Stunning.  Absolutely 
                        stunning.

                                 DESMOND
                        I’m sure.

                                 JAYCE
                        And religious too!  My grandmother 
                        would adore that about her.  And as 
                        for myself, I don’t mind waiting.  
                        I prefer it, to be honest, because--

                                 DESMOND
                        Just leave me alone.

                                 JAYCE
                        Right.  Good to see you again.

           Jayce awkwardly heads off.  Desmond spits out a tobacco glob.

           EXT. OASIS APARTMENTS - NIGHT

           Jayce enters the Oasis, a towering apartment complex that 
           advertises itself as “A Little Piece of Paradise.”
           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - 8TH FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Cracks spread across the hallway ceiling like a spider’s web.  
           Droplets of water drip down onto the stained carpet below.  
           The paint on the walls is chipped.

           Jayce walks down the hallway.  He wipes sweat from his 
           forehead, and brushes twigs out of his hair.  

           As he nears his apartment, he tugs off his still-muddy shirt.  
           He kicks out of his muddy pants.  He’s left in his underwear.

           He opens a nearby trash chute.  When he pulls open the lid, a 
           label urges him to “Recycle!!”.  He balls up the damaged 
           clothing and tosses them down the chute.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - NIGHT

           Jayce enters and locks the door behind him.  The first person 
           who greets him is Jesus -- a decorative wooden replica nailed 
           to the wall.

           Jayce sneaks to the bathroom door.  He swings the door open 
           too forcefully and it accidentally bangs against the wall.  

                                 ELENA (O.S.)
                        Is that you, Jayce?

           Busted.  He frantically brushes the remaining dirt from his 
           hair.

           ELENA, early 30s, emerges from the bedroom with a smile.  Her 
           jet black hair enhances the pop of her bright green eyes.  
           She has a good body, although she hides it under a bulky 
           sweater.  In short, she’s way out of his league.

                                 ELENA
                        I didn’t hear you come in.

                                 JAYCE
                        I didn’t want to wake you, angel.

                                 ELENA
                        Where have you been?

                                 JAYCE
                        I went out.  To do some recycling.

                                 ELENA
                        Aww, aren’t you a good Samaritan.  

           Elena gives Jayce a modest peck on the lips.  She wraps her 
           arms around him for a hug and rests her chin on his shoulder. 
                                 ELENA
                        “Let your light shine before men.”

                                 JAYCE
                        Excuse me?

                                 ELENA
                        “That they may see your good deeds 
                        and praise your Father in heaven.”  
                        Matthew 5:16.

                                 JAYCE
                             (lying through his teeth)
                        Oh, right.  Of course.  I was 
                        thinking the exact same thing.

                                 ELENA
                        I’m gonna get ready for bed.  I’m 
                        not feeling that well.

                                 JAYCE
                        I can make you feel better.

           Jayce pulls Elena tighter.  His hands lower and grab a firm 
           grip on her ass.  She resists and slips away.

                                 ELENA
                        Jayce.  Not in front of Him.

           Elena motions to the Jesus statue.  Jayce feigns a smile.

                                 JAYCE
                        No, of course not.  Silly me.

           Elena heads back to the bedroom.  Once Jayce is alone, he 
           gestures obscenely at the Jesus statue.  Cock blocker.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Elena, now in pajama pants and a thin tank top, sleeps in the 
           shared bed.  She must have fallen asleep while reading, as 
           she still has her reading glasses on and a Bible by her hand.

           A freshly showered Jayce slowly crawls onto his side of the 
           bed, careful not to wake her.  He reaches over to gently pull 
           her glasses off and turn off the side lamp.

           As he watches her sleep, he gets an idea.  He allows his hand 
           to slide to the edge of her pajama pants.  He even slips a 
           finger underneath the waist band.  It trails downwards.

           It’s a delicate operation, like an FBI agent diffusing a 
           bomb.  One wrong move and it’ll blow up in his face.
           He must have hit the wrong button, because an alarm sounds.  
           Actually, it’s just the phone, but it wakes her nonetheless.  
           Jayce snatches up the Bible and rolls to his side of the bed.

           Elena sits up as the phone continues to blare.  She looks 
           over to find Jayce reading the Bible.

                                 ELENA
                        Want me to get it?

                                 JAYCE
                        Could you?  This is my absolute 
                        favorite chapter.

           Elena smiles and reaches over to answer the phone.  After a 
           few seconds, her smile fades.  

           She looks to Jayce.  He sits up, waiting for word on what the 
           problem is.  After about ten more seconds, she hangs up.

                                 JAYCE
                        Everything all right?

                                 ELENA
                        One of the kids from the center got 
                        in trouble.  I’m going to go help.

                                 JAYCE
                        Do you ever stop being so 
                        magnificent?  You’re straight on 
                        your way to sainthood, baby.

           Elena slips out of bed and rushes to her closet in order to 
           change.  She peels off her tank top.

           Jayce stares at her bare back, at the outline of her breasts.  
           He sweats and licks his lips.  He can barely contain himself.

                                 JAYCE
                        Honey?  I’m going to head out as 
                        well.  I might visit my 
                        grandmother’s grave.

           Elena fusses with her hair and then clips on a bra.

                                 ELENA
                        I thought your grandmother lived up 
                        by the coast.

                                 JAYCE
                        She did, yes.  They flew her body 
                        out to Riversfield.  After she 
                        died.  So I could visit more.
           Knowing his story is awful, Jayce cringes.  Elena doesn’t 
           seem to catch on to it though.

                                 ELENA
                        That’s really sweet.

                                 JAYCE
                        Guilty as charged.  

           EXT. THE POUND - NIGHT

           Jayce stands at the entrance to the Pound, wearing his finest 
           fake designer clothes.  Although there’s no one else in line, 
           he’s blocked by one of the Bouncers.

                                 BOUNCER 1
                        I told you, we’re at capacity.

                                 JAYCE
                        We both know that’s not true.  
                        You’ve let in four other people 
                        since I’ve been here.

                                 BOUNCER 1
                        Private party.

                                 JAYCE
                        Let’s stop playing games.  Name 
                        your price.  I’m a very rich man.

           Jayce produces his money clip.

                                 BOUNCER 1
                        A hundred bucks.

           Jayce flips through his wad, mostly singles, and reconsiders.

                                 JAYCE
                        Perhaps we have different 
                        definitions of “very rich.”  What 
                        do you say to fifteen?

           The Bouncer turns away, ignoring him.  Jayce whimpers.

                                 JAYCE
                        Come on.  Please.  I need to see a 
                        naked body tonight.  A warm one.

                                 BOUNCER 1
                        Why don’t you check out the 
                        Asphodel fields.  You can sometimes 
                        find cheap whores out there.
                                 JAYCE
                        What?  Whores?  No.  Disgusting.  
                        I’m a respectable man.  I have a 
                        good job.  An amazing girlfriend.  
                        I’m not desperate enough to go the 
                        fields, trolling for hookers.  

           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - DIRT ROAD - NIGHT

           Jayce drives down the dirt road, trolling for hookers. 

           INT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Jayce searches for signs of life.  Even the fields themselves 
           are dead, with plenty of rotted tobacco plants.

           He finally spots someone -- a DISEASED HOOKER, 40s.  Some 
           sort of green puss coats her entire neck and spirals up to 
           chin.  Her sunken eyes look almost dead.  

                                 JAYCE
                        No thank you...

           He keeps driving.  Finally he catches sight of someone else 
           down the road.  As he drives closer, he can make out Barnaby, 
           waving frantically for him to pull over.  

           A boy’s not exactly what Jayce had in mind, but at least he’s 
           good looking and clean.  He slows the car down.

           EXT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Jayce lowers his window as he rolls up to Barnaby.  Barnaby’s 
           short of breath, tired from running.

                                 BARNABY
                        Can you help me?

                                 JAYCE
                        I think we can help each other.  
                        Come on in.

           INT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby climbs in the passenger seat.  He’s eager to get 
           moving, but Jayce doesn’t start driving yet.

                                 JAYCE
                        You’re a good looking boy, if you 
                        don’t mind me saying.
                                 BARNABY
                        Thanks... my name’s Barnaby.

                                 JAYCE
                        Barnaby.  Good alias too.  Wouldn’t 
                        want your mom and dad to find out 
                        what you were up to.

                                 BARNABY
                        It’s my real name. 

                                 JAYCE
                        Of course it is.  Here in 
                        Mortecita, we can be whomever we 
                        want.  A fresh start, isn’t it.

           Barnaby studies Jayce.  Maybe he picked the wrong car to hop 
           into.  Still, he’ll have to take his chances.

                                 BARNABY
                        Do you mind if we start driving?  I 
                        need to go to a tattoo parlor in 
                        the city.

                                 JAYCE
                        Absolutely.  Wherever you prefer.

           Jayce revs up the engine and turns the car around.  Barnaby 
           buckles his seat belt.  He looks nervous, but at least he’s 
           moving.  He looks behind him for signs of the Fiddler.

                                 BARNABY
                        Thanks.  I’m in a bit of a hurry.

           INT. BLACK TOP - LABORERS TENT - NIGHT

           Sudsy stirs restlessly on his wooden board bed.  He’s half 
           asleep, but can’t rest comfortably.  That’s especially true 
           when he starts to hears music.  The Fiddler’s tune.  

           Sudsy’s eyes shoot open, fully awake now.  He looks over to 
           see the Fiddler play, a mere foot away from his bed.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        First rule of show business, boy-o: 
                        makin’ friends is awful foolish.

           Sudsy tries to escape, but the Fiddler lunges at him.  The 
           Fiddler grabs Sudsy and throws him back down on the board.

           The Fiddler holds both of Sudsy’s cheeks as he keeps Sudsy 
           pinned down.  Sudsy squirms and struggles, but the Fiddler 
           has a look of calm.
                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Tell me where ‘e went, and I’ll 
                        kill ya real simple and quick like.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           Jayce’s car waits in traffic, getting set to enter the city.

           INT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Jayce drives, sweat continually forming and being wiped off 
           his forehead.  Barnaby keeps a safe space between them.

                                 JAYCE
                        So do you know anyone in the city?  

                                 BARNABY
                        One.  I hope she’s still here, at 
                        least.  I haven’t seen her in a 
                        long time.

                                 JAYCE
                        I know how you feel, in a way.  I 
                        have a girlfriend myself.  
                        Stunning.  Absolutely stunning.  
                        But she’s religious.  She even 
                        quotes the Bible, if you can 
                        believe that.

                                 BARNABY
                        That’s really nice.

                                 JAYCE
                        Oh sure, that’s what I mean.  It’s 
                        wonderful.  It’s just... I wish I 
                        could express how much I like her.  
                        Psychically. 

                                 BARNABY
                        She’s probably saving herself for 
                        marriage.  That’s what Delilah’s 
                        doing.  In the end, the wait will 
                        make things so much more special.

                                 JAYCE
                        Yes, truly special, these women of 
                        ours.  Seems we’re in the same 
                        boat.  The question is, what do we 
                        do in that boat while we’re here?

           Jayce sends a suggestive smile to Barnaby, who simply seems 
           confused by it.
           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           Jayce drives through the heart of Mortecita, passing the 
           Pound.  The Harajuku-inspired Youth are out and about, 
           determining which bar to settle at for the night.

           INT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby looks out at the tough-looking crowd.  His eyebrows 
           furrow at their nightmarish makeup.  Getting in and out of 
           Mortecita might be more difficult than he imagined.

                                 BARNABY
                        I thought Mortecita was nicer than 
                        this.

                                 JAYCE
                        Don’t worry about them.  Anyone 
                        who’s actually dangerous doesn’t go 
                        around, advertising it.  

           Jayce also scans the crowd, although his motivations are 
           different.  His tongue trails on his lips when he sees a 
           scantily clad girl.

                                 JAYCE
                        Don’t get me wrong -- there’s a lot 
                        of devious behavior in Mortecita.  
                        This town attracts people who got 
                        kicked out of polite society.

           Barnaby turns back to Jayce.  He finally understands him now.

                                 BARNABY
                        And you’re one of those people.

                                 JAYCE
                        No!  Not at all.  Not really.  I 
                        mean, technically yes.  I’m what 
                        they call a sexual deviant.  

                                 BARNABY
                        Why are you called that?  
                        Technically. 

                                 JAYCE
                        Who knows.  It’s all politics.  
                        Semantics.  I treat all women with 
                        the same respect I do my beloved 
                        grandmother.  And should one say no 
                        to my advances, in an audible 
                        voice, then, why of course I’d 
                        honor that.
           Barnaby nods, becoming more at ease with Jayce.

                                 JAYCE
                        The question is, naturally, if it’s 
                        wrong to proceed, should they fail 
                        to say no.  If circumstances render 
                        them unable.  

           So much for comfort.  Barnaby’s eyebrows quirk up.

                                 BARNABY
                        You have sex with women in comas?

                                 JAYCE
                        What?  Comas?  No.  Absolutely not.  
                        I’d never think of such a thing.
                             (beat)
                        Hospital security’s way too tight 
                        for that.

           Jayce chuckles lightly at that.  Barnaby does not.

                                 BARNABY
                        I think I should go.  I can walk 
                        the rest of the way.

                                 JAYCE
                        I suppose we’re close enough.

           Jayce pulls the car over to the side of the road.  Barnaby 
           unlocks his safety belt.

                                 JAYCE
                        Of course, there is one last matter 
                        to attend to.

           Jayce strokes Barnaby’s hand with his thumb.  Barnaby tries 
           to pull his hand away, but Jayce grabs it.

                                 JAYCE
                        Please.  Just for a bit.  So we can 
                        go back to treating our women like 
                        the angels they are...

           Barnaby pries his hand free and opens the car door.  Jayce 
           lunges towards him, forcing Barnaby to wrestle him off.

           Barnaby manages to kick Jayce’s jaw with his boot, bloodying 
           his lip.  The blow allows Barnaby to slip out of the car.
           EXT. JAYCE’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby falls out of the car and splashes into a gutter.  He 
           runs away, not looking back when Jayce peeks out the window.

                                 JAYCE
                        Barnaby, wait!  That was a joke!  I 
                        have a girlfriend.  She’s stunning.  
                        Absolutely stunning.

           Jayce dabs the blood on his lip and forces a laugh.

                                 JAYCE
                        Trust me, I’m not that desperate!

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Jayce talks to Desmond, the night guard.

                                 DESMOND
                        Your grandma again?

                                 JAYCE
                        We were really close.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           Covered in mud, Jayce struggles to dump a corpse back into 
           its coffin.  He’s out of breath, wheezing from the effort.

           He covers the coffin and rummages through his pile of 
           clothes.  He tugs on his pants.

           Then -- he hears a sound.  Footsteps.  With the wetness of 
           the ground, the suction sound is distinct.  And speeding up.

           Jayce looks behind him, and sees something worth running 
           from.  He only makes it a few feet before he’s ripped to the 
           ground.  He shields himself, but soon, everything goes black.

                                 JAYCE (V.O.)
                        I never found out who it was.  
                        Probably some psychopath.  But, 
                        perhaps, it was a jealous lover, 
                        upset that I had violated his soul 
                        mate.  That’s what I’d like to 
                        think, at least. 
                             (beat)
                        I’m a romantic.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads FIGUEROA.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        Tattoos tell a lot about a person.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           Crowds of people walk down the busy sidewalk.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        When you chose to burn something 
                        into your own flesh, you’re making 
                        a statement to the world.

           A MAN IN A WIFE BEATER struts down the street.  A barbed wire 
           tattoo wraps all the way around his bicep.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        This one says, “I’m not creative 
                        enough to come up with something 
                        better, so I’m probably not someone 
                        you wanna talk to.”

           INT. POOL HALL - NIGHT

           A TOUGH GUY leans over to shoot pool, exposing a small 
           flaming skull tattoo on the back of his neck.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        This one says, “Don’t even think 
                        about getting in a bar fight with 
                        me, asshole.  No, seriously, I have 
                        a low pain threshold, hence this 
                        bitch-ass little tat.”

           EXT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           Above the faded yellow awning of the shop is a sign labeling 
           it as the “Classy Ass Tattoo Shoppe,” written in old English.  

           A SWEET-LOOKING SKANK emerges from the shop and heads down 
           the street.  A colorful butterfly tattoo has been inked on 
           her lower back.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        This one says, “I like butterflies 
                        because I’m sweet.  And childlike.  
                        And I wanted to give you something 
                        pretty to look at while you fucked 
                        me in the ass.”
           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           Mannequins decorate the small shop, each wearing only a ball 
           gag and sample tattoos over every inch of their plastic skin.

           A bell chimes as the doors to the shop swing open.  Barnaby 
           enters, looking tired and nervous.  

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        There’s no mark more telling than 
                        this one.

           Barnaby wipes sweat away, including some on his chest, next 
           to the mark between his collarbones.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        This one says, “I just got brought 
                        back from the dead and I’m confused 
                        as all fuck.”

           KAT, 30s, a typical tattoo chick with several piercings and a 
           pinup girl inked on her arm, sits at the front desk and 
           sketches a dragon.  She looks up to Barnaby.

                                 BARNABY
                        Hi... I’m looking... well, I’m 
                        hoping to...

           Too impatient to wait for Barnaby to stammer through it, Kat 
           simply pushes an intercom.

                                 KAT
                        Figgy, another one for you.

           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - WORK ROOM - NIGHT

           The private work room consists of a dentist-style chair as 
           well as dozens of filing cabinets.

           FIGUEROA, 40s, a salty old dog who’s seen it all, cleans his 
           tools.  Tattoos, primitive and faded, decorate his beefy 
           arms.  His gut hangs over the waistband of his pants, which 
           are spackled with stains of various colors.

                                 FIGUEROA
                             (into the intercom)
                        Be right there.

           Figueroa heads to the door, where a vintage elevator, 
           essentially a steel cage, waits for him.  He shuffles in 
           slowly, in no hurry.
           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           There’s a click click clicking as the old elevator rises to 
           the top floor.  Kat continues to sketch.  Barnaby waits, 
           although he continually looks over his shoulder for signs of 
           Azlon or the Fiddler.

           When the elevator arrives, Figueroa steps out.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’m Figueroa.  I’m the cat you’re 
                        looking for.

           Figueroa wipes his greasy hand on his pants before he shakes 
           Barnaby’s hand.

                                 BARNABY
                        I’m Barnaby.  Barnaby James.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Nice to meet ya, Barney.  So who do 
                        you work for?

                                 KAT
                        Whom.  Whom do you work for.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Don’t mind her.  Kat thinks that a 
                        sassy personality will make up for 
                        the fact that she ain’t too cute. 

                                 KAT
                        No, my ugly mug is the reason I 
                        work here, Figgy.  When I stand 
                        next to you, I’m a stunner.

           Barnaby ignores their dynamic, too caught up in his dilemma.

                                 BARNABY
                        How do you know I work for someone?

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I just can’t see anyone taking 
                        orders from a nervous shit like 
                        yourself.  No offense.  Plus, that 
                        mark means you’re undead.

                                 KAT
                        I think the PC term’s “re-born.”

           Barnaby tries to tug up his shirt to cover the mark.

                                 BARNABY
                        Azlon.  I work for Azlon.
           At the mention of Azlon, Figueroa suddenly gets serious.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Then fuck, we oughta get to work.

           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - WORK ROOM - NIGHT

           Figueroa unlocks his filing cabinets.  Barnaby paces back and 
           forth, peering over Figueroa’s shoulder.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Why don’t you take a seat and calm 
                        down, kid.  

           Figueroa’s laid-back attitude does serve to calm down Barnaby 
           to some degree.  He gingerly slides into the dentist chair.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        So who are ya looking for?  

                                 BARNABY
                        Her name’s --

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Fuck, is it who or whom?

                                 BARNABY
                        I’m not sure.  But her name’s 
                        Delilah.  Delilah Pritchard.

           Figueroa digs through the “P” file.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        What is she, an acrobat or some 
                        shit?

                                 BARNABY
                        No.  She’s the love of my life.

           Figueroa glances back to Barnaby, an eyebrow quirked up.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        You’re not working for Azlon.  

           Barnaby stays quiet, but says plenty with an uneasy shift.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Azlon always calls first.  Sends 
                        some little fat kid.

                                 BARNABY
                        I... used to work for Azlon.  As a 
                        grave boy.  I left.
                                 FIGUEROA
                        You got balls, kid.  

           Figueroa returns to the files, digging through sheets.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Smart money says you get killed by 
                        the end of the night though.

                                 BARNABY
                        Why do you say that?

                                 FIGUEROA
                        You ran away from the Black Top.  
                        And you’re walking around with that 
                        mark.  Might as well be a bull’s 
                        eye.

           Barnaby hikes up his shirt to hide the mark again.  Since 
           it’s on the edge of his neck, it’s a difficult task.

                                 BARNABY
                        What can I do about it?

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Get a turtleneck.  Or a tattoo.

                                 BARNABY
                        You can cover it up?

                                 FIGUEROA
                        That’s what I do.

           Figueroa pulls out a file.  He studies it, and scribbles down 
           some information onto a piece of stencil paper.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Your girl Delilah’s dead.  Buried 
                        at Riversfield.

                                 BARNABY
                        That sounds like a nice place.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Used to be.  The river down there 
                        flooded and fucked the whole place 
                        up.  Now they only use it to dump 
                        hobos and whores.

           Barnaby glares.  For the first time, he looks almost 
           intimidating.  Figueroa smiles, softening.
                                 FIGUEROA
                        Not that your chick was either.  
                        Died a while ago.

           Figueroa hands the stencil paper to Barnaby.  He’s written 
           the gravesite address as well as a Latin phrase.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Her name’s not on the headstone.  
                        It’s this foreign shit instead.  

           Figueroa goes to slide on some work gloves.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        No one’s touched her grave.  Or 
                        reported it at least.

           He prepares for Barnaby’s tattoo, setting up ink cups.  He 
           takes rubbing alcohol and swabs Barnaby’s chest.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        What do you want a tattoo of?

                                 BARNABY
                        How about Delilah’s name.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        God damn, this chick must be 
                        something special.  You’re stalking 
                        her from beyond the grave.  Maybe 
                        it’s time to get back out there.  
                        Find a new girl.  One with a pulse.

           Figueroa takes a disposable razor and runs it over Barnaby’s 
           chest.  Although his chest looks hairless, any microscopic 
           hair might mess up the process.

                                 BARNABY
                        I can’t.  I still love her.  Madly.  
                        We used to sit and just talk, for 
                        hours.  I spend even longer on the 
                        poems I wrote to her.  I’m not much 
                        of a writer, but she loved them 
                        anyway.  She’d even go around, 
                        showing them to her friends and --

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Listen, Barney... 

                                 BARNABY
                        Barnaby.

           Figueroa applies ointment to Barnaby’s chest and starts to 
           prepare his needle.
                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’m sure Delilah was great, but... 

           Figueroa starts to write Delilah’s name.  When the needle 
           hits Barnaby’s skin, he winces, but stays strong.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Talking about your first life’s 
                        kinda like asking your girl who she 
                        fucked before you.  Most of the 
                        time, it’s better not to know.

           Barnaby watches Figueroa work.  He’s moving quickly, not even 
           using a stencil.

                                 BARNABY
                        She’ll love this though.  I can’t 
                        wait for her to see it.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        How the hell is she gonna see it?  
                        Azlon’s not gonna help you if you 
                        ran away.

           Barnaby doesn’t answer.  Instead, he sticks the stencil paper 
           deep in his pocket.  

           Figueroa continues with the tattoo, but he notices Barnaby 
           pocket the paper.  He spots a bulge in Barnaby’s pant leg.  
           It looks right about the same size as Azlon’s wand would be.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Shit.  You’re stupider than I 
                        thought, Barney.

                                 BARNABY
                        It’s Barnaby...

           Without warning, Figueroa reaches back and slams the needle 
           into Barnaby’s neck.  Blood sprays everywhere.

           Figueroa keeps going, ramming the needle in again and again, 
           even as Barnaby wails and struggles to get away.  

           Barnaby manages to spring to his feet, but after half a dozen 
           needles to the neck, he’s lost so much blood that he falls 
           down, pale and dead.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Like it fucking matters anymore.

           Figueroa, wet with blood, wipes his hands on his pants.
           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           Click click click goes the elevator as it rises again.  

           Kat continues her dragon sketch.  Now the dragon’s tail is 
           inserted into an appreciative naked woman.

           Kat doesn’t even look up as Figueroa steps out, dripping with 
           blood.  He doesn’t look well.  He’s pale and queasy.

                                 KAT
                        Kid screamed like a girl.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Could you give me a hand?

                                 KAT
                        Can you give me a hand...

           Kat finally looks up.  Her jaw drops. 

           Figueroa shakes his hands to flick off the blood.  In his 
           hand, clenched tightly, is Azlon’s wand.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        We’re gonna need a mop.

           EXT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           Figueroa’s car is a shabby old thing, an ugly olive green.  
           He stands behind it, staring down into his open trunk, where 
           Barnaby’s dead body rests.  Pools of blood have gathered 
           around his punctured neck.

           Luckily there’s no one around the street, aside from Kat.  
           She watches from a few feet away and shakes her head.

                                 KAT
                        I still can’t believe you did it.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Me neither.  But, something inside 
                        me went off. 

           The sight of the blood doesn’t sit well with Figueroa either.  
           He looks like he might throw up.  

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Seeing this kid, risking 
                        everything.  And me, never doing a 
                        damn thing with my life.
                                 KAT
                        That’s a hell of a sob story, 
                        Figgy, but the ending sucks.  

                                 FIGUEROA
                        For him.

           Figueroa slams the trunk closed.

                                 KAT
                        You could use the wand and bring 
                        him back.  

           Figueroa digs into his deep pant pocket and pulls out Azlon’s 
           wand.  He considers it.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        If I do that, he’d freak out, run 
                        off.  We’d have to kill him again.  

           He starts for the driver’s side door.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’d rather sell both of them 
                        together.  Group rate.

           Kat follows him.

                                 KAT
                        You have to go find Azlon.  He’ll 
                        probably give you a reward. 

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’m not negotiating with Azlon.
                             (re: the wand)
                        What kind of man has this power, 
                        but uses it to run some secret 
                        fucking song and dance show?

                                 KAT
                        The kind of man who knows assholes 
                        like you’d kill him for it.

           Figueroa climbs into the car.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’m going to Lady Liberty.  At 
                        least he/she’s got business sense.  
                        The Lady’d pay a shitload for this.

           Kat shakes her head, but Figueroa slams the door closed.  
           He’s made his decision.
           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Figueroa pulls into a narrow back alley to park.  There are 
           no other cars around.

           When he steps out of the car, he passes an emaciated cat, 
           licking from a puddle of what seems to be vomit.  At least he 
           knows he’s in the right neighborhood.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - DUSK

           Figueroa whips past a curtain.  He enters the main stage room 
           where he’s confronted with blaring strip club music.  

           Only a few drunken Pathetic Patrons sit by the center stage 
           and gawk at the Heavyset Strippers.

           Figueroa makes his way to the Handmaiden at the front desk.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I need to talk to the Lady.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady’s busy at the moment.  You 
                        can wait by the bar or the stage.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        If I had a thing for fat naked 
                        people, I’d have stayed home and 
                        played with myself.  Tell the bitch 
                        that this is important.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        Everyone has to wait.

           Figueroa grumbles, knowing he doesn’t have much time.

           INT. CLASSY ASS TATTOO SHOPPE - NIGHT

           Kat mops down the floor of the shop.  When the front bell 
           chimes, she turns to greet the potential new customer.

           It’s the Fiddler, with his case slung over his back.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I’m lookin’ fer a boy. 

           Kat gives a hard look at the Fiddler, at his cold eyes.  She 
           can tell that he’s not someone to mess around with.

                                 KAT
                        No, you’re looking for a fat man.
           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BAR - NIGHT

           Figueroa waits by the bar.  His fingers tap impatiently on 
           the bar top.  He downs another drink.  

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Figueroa steps towards the back hallway.  He ducks inside the 
           “poles” bathroom.

           INT. THE POUND - POLES BATHROOM - NIGHT

           In lieu of urinals, the Pound’s men’s bathroom opts for one 
           giant public pissing trough, already half filled.

           Figueroa finishes his part in helping fill it, and zips up. 

           The door opens, and the Dirty Old Man enters.  He stumbles to 
           the trough, clearly drunk.

                                 DIRTY OLD MAN
                        Whooo boy...

           Figueroa gives a passing nod to the Dirty Old Man as he moves 
           to the sink to wash up.  He finds some indeterminate slimy 
           substance on the faucet handle.  It’s enough to give him 
           second thoughts about the need to wash his hands.

                                 DIRTY OLD MAN
                             (to Figueroa)
                        I just had a dance from a fine, 
                        fine piece of woman.  Got me harder 
                        than a brick oven.  God bless her.

           The Dirty Old Man unzips and starts urinating into the 
           trough.  Figueroa tries to wrap his hand in his shirt so he 
           can turn on the faucet handle without touching it directly.

                                 DIRTY OLD MAN
                        I could feel her... her wetness... 
                        up on my leg.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Listen, you crazy old coot, no one 
                        wants to hear that shit.  I don’t 
                        feel like throwing up tonight.

           The Dirty Old Man cackles.  Figueroa heads for the exit.

                                 DIRTY OLD MAN
                        Aww hell... I’ve gone blue.
           Figueroa glances back to the trough to see what the hell that 
           means.  The Dirty Old Man’s urine is bright blue.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        What the fuck did you drink?

           The Dirty Old Man’s eyes flutter closed.   He collapses head 
           first into the trough, spilling a good deal of the urine onto 
           the floor and Figueroa’s pants.

           Alarmed, Figueroa goes to check the Dirty Old Man’s pulse on 
           the dry arm that’s draped over the trough end.  He’s alive.  

           Figueroa tries to pull the Dirty Old Man out of the trough.  
           He stops as soon as he gets his head above water.  He’s had 
           too much piss splash on his pants to do more than that.

           He looks sick from the smell.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Figueroa exits the bathroom, wiping his hands on his pants.

           Down the hall, he spots Lady Liberty talking with Malacoda 
           the bouncer.  He heads over.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Lady, I need to talk to you...

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                             (not even looking over)
                        I have priorities, Figgy.  You’re 
                        not one of them.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I’ve got an offer for you.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        What, a free smiley face tattoo?

                                 FIGUEROA
                        A secondhand item.  Used to be 
                        Azlon’s.

           Liberty turns to Figueroa, his eyes lighting up.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Don’t toy with my emotions, Figgy.  
                        I’m a sensitive soul.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        And a greedy one.  Which is why I’m 
                        letting you make the first offer.
           Liberty slides an arm around Figueroa’s neck, grinning.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I severely underestimated you, 
                        darling.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        You’re not the first.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I’ll consider that when we start to 
                        negotiate the asking price.

           Liberty’s eyes turn to a newcomer to the hallway -- Callahan, 
           who’s led by Liberty’s Handmaiden.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                             (to Figueroa)
                        I’m sorry, darling, I have to 
                        attend to him first.  He’s not the 
                        type to keep waiting.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Let’s get my shit done right now.  
                        I want to get the hell out of here.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Patience, darling.  Stay, relax.  
                        You’re a VIP now.  No doubt you’ve 
                        heard rumors of my private room, 
                        haven’t you?

           Liberty motions to Malacoda, who tugs up the hidden hatch.  
           Figueroa peers down the staircase.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        On second thought, maybe I can hang 
                        out for a bit.

           Liberty turns to her Handmaiden.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Get this man a table.  And some 
                        drinks.  The good kind.  

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           The Handmaiden leads Figueroa across the stone bridge.  Along 
           the way, he watches an orgy going down at one of the tables.  

           The Handmaiden gestures to an empty booth, stocked full of 
           brightly colored drinks and Service Girls to cater to him.
                                 FIGUEROA
                        A guy could get used to this...

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Callahan’s eyes shine bright yellow.  Drool drips down from 
           his fangs onto his chin.  He snarls, hungry.

           Lady Liberty unlocks a cage housing the Bar-Dweller from 
           before.  He’s only been there for a day, but he’s already 
           haggard and bruised.  He whimpers.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Time to check out, darling.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Liberty’s Handmaiden makes her way from the mirrored hallway 
           towards the front desk.  She pauses when she sees exactly who 
           is waiting for her there -- the Fiddler.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Fetch me the Lady.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        I’m sorry.  My lady’s busy at the 
                        moment, but...

           The Fiddler’s stone cold glare causes her to rethink that.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        But I’ll get her right away.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           The Handmaiden leads the Fiddler into the mirrored hallway.  
           She motions towards the back room, where men are getting 
           private lap dances.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        Wait there, if you will, sir.  
                        She’s with a customer.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Callahan’s jaws rip out a chunk of the Bar-Dweller’s leg.  
           The Bar-Dweller screams in pain.

           By the staircase, Lady Liberty watches in amusement.  The 
           door behind him cracks open, and the Handmaiden peers in.
                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady, there’s a man here to see 
                        you.  He says it’s urgent.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Give me a minute.  This will take 
                        less than that.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        It’s the man with the fiddle.

           Liberty whimpers.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Christ.  Can’t we get through one 
                        night without anyone getting hurt?

           Liberty jogs back up the staircase.  Behind him, he can hear 
           Callahan growl and the Bar-Dweller wail in pain.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Malacoda and the Handmaiden help Lady Liberty up from the 
           hatch staircase, handling her like a fragile princess.   

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Get the others ready.  Malacoda may 
                        not be enough.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        Yes, my lady.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I love your shoes by the way.  
                             (beat)
                        But they’re too nice for a cheap 
                        girl like you.  They’re mine now.

           The Handmaiden nods.  She begins to slip off her heels.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        And didn’t I tell you to get 
                        security, you lazy bitch?

           The Handmaiden rushes off, her bare feet plopping through the 
           grimy, stained floor.

           INT. THE POUND - BACK ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty enters a cheap strip club staple -- the back 
           room for private dances.  There are several booths, each 
           concealed with cloth curtains.
           The Fiddler’s tune pours out of one of the booths.  Liberty 
           takes a deep breath as he approaches it.

           INT. THE POUND - BACK ROOM - PRIVATE BOOTH - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty peels back the curtain to find the Fiddler, 
           seated on the singular chair.  The Fiddler concentrates on 
           his song, allowing his hair to fall in his face.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I take it you --

           The Fiddler holds up a finger.  Liberty shuts up.  He should 
           know better than to interrupt.

           The Fiddler finishes the song.  Once he does, Liberty claps.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Bravo.  But you know, darling, 
                        you’d never have to audition to 
                        play here at the Pound. 

           The Fiddler doesn’t bother to look up.  Instead, he carefully 
           lowers his fiddle into its case. 

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        We can have a whole show for --

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I’m lookin’ fer a boy.  An’ a fat 
                        man.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        A boy and a fat man.  Why, you’re 
                        even kinkier than Azlon.

           Not amused, the Fiddler’s dark eyes glare up at Liberty.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        The boy’s run away from the Black 
                        Top.  Azlon wants me to fetch ‘im 
                        back.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        What’s his name? 

           Silence from the Fiddler.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Well... how would you describe him?
                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I ain’t good with names or faces.  
                        He’s a boy.  Teenager, I suppose.  
                        Got the mark on ‘is chest.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        You can’t expect me to keep track 
                        of every horny boy who comes here.

           The Fiddler stands and glares down at Liberty.  He’s nearly 
           half a foot taller than the diminutive drag queen.  Liberty 
           realizes this, and smiles politely.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        But... I’ll look around.  Why don’t 
                        you have a drink and wait --

           The Fiddler locks Liberty in an arm bar and slams him up 
           against the wall.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I ain’t good ‘bout waiting neither.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I can’t tell whether you’re trying 
                        to scare me, or turn me on.

           The Fiddler grabs a fistful of Liberty’s wig and rams his 
           head against the wall.  Again.  And again.  And again.

           Around the third crack, Liberty’s nose bursts with a bloody 
           explosion.  When the Fiddler finally lets go, Liberty 
           collapses to the ground, leaving a red imprint on the wall.

           A huddled mass on the floor, Liberty spits out a few loose 
           teeth.  He struggles to avoid choking on his own blood.

           Liberty tries to lift his head, but the Fiddler pins it back 
           down to the ground with his boot.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Find.  The.  Boy.

           Liberty whimpers, barely able to speak.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I... I think I have an idea...

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - FIGUEROA’S BOOTH - NIGHT

           Figueroa watches two Service Girls writhe against each other 
           next to him.  He swigs back his fifth drink and grins.  
                                 FIGUEROA
                        Yo, can I get another green one?

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           With his fiddle case slung over his back, the Fiddler follows 
           Lady Liberty down the mirrored hall.  

           Liberty’s tense, nervous, but trying not to show it.  He 
           checks himself out in the mirror.  His nose is broken, and 
           bruises already form around his cheeks.  The only thing he 
           can do to help is adjust his wig and pretend to smile.

           When Malacoda sees the state of Liberty’s battered face, he 
           steps up to confront the Fiddler. 

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Don’t worry.  He’s a friend.  

           Malacoda glares at the Fiddler, unsure about that.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Don’t try to fight me, boy-o.  
                        You’ll ruin your pretty outfit.

           Malacoda grits his teeth and tugs open the hatch.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty leads the Fiddler across the stone bridge.  The 
           Fiddler doesn’t recognize a single Sinner in the place.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        He mentioned the wand.  I pleaded 
                        with him to give it back to Azlon, 
                        but he didn’t listen.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Where’s this fat man now?

           Liberty quickly locates Figueroa.  He’s at the last table in 
           the room, with his back turned towards them.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        There he is...

           Liberty heads towards Figueroa’s table.  Out of the corner of 
           his eye, he catches sight of something else -- the bolted 
           door.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Right down that door.
           Liberty comes to the door.  He unlocks it and swings the door 
           open.  The Fiddler looks suspicious, but peeks inside.

           When his back is turned, Liberty shoves him, with all the 
           might his small frame can muster.  It’s enough to do the 
           trick, as the Fiddler stumbles down the staircase.

           Liberty hears the Fiddler tumble down the stairs like a sack 
           of potatoes.  And then -- a ferocious growl.  

           Racing against the clock, Liberty slams the door shut and 
           double locks it.  The deed done, he catches his breath.  

           As he does, Figueroa turns around and spots him.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Holy fuck, what happened to you?  
                        You look like shit.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        That’s no way to talk to a lady, 
                        Figgy.  Especially one who’s about 
                        to make you a very rich man.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           A worried Handmaiden stands with Malacoda and two others 
           Bouncers.  When the hatch cracks open and Lady Liberty crawls 
           out with Figueroa, the Handmaiden rushes over to help.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady -- I’m so sorry...

           The Handmaiden helps Liberty to his feet.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        I couldn’t find the guards right 
                        away.  They were attending to some 
                        old man who went blue in the --

           Liberty gives a swift slap to the Handmaiden’s cheek.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        You’ll be punished later.

           Liberty heads down the hallway, with Figueroa behind him.  He 
           pushes open a side door, which leads out into the alley.

           The Handmaiden looks like she might cry.
           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Figueroa and Lady Liberty emerge from that side door and head 
           towards Figueroa’s old car.  Figueroa pulls out his keys.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        I want ten grand a month, and 
                        assurance that Azlon doesn’t come 
                        after me.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Don’t be scared of Azlon.  I just 
                        told one of his men off myself.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        Yeah, your face looks like it.  Can 
                        you guarantee Azlon doesn’t trace 
                        this back to me?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        My entire business is built on 
                        keeping clients anonymous, darling.

           Figueroa unlocks the trunk.  The sight and smell of Barnaby’s 
           dead body hits him.  His queasiness returns.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Oooh, I’ll pay extra for that.  
                        He’s a handsome boy.

           Liberty runs his hands over the tattoo on Barnaby’s chest.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        And look, he’s even got “deli” 
                        written on his chest.  He’s 
                        destined for my meat room.

           Figueroa covers his nose as he fishes through the bloody 
           trunk.  He stifles vomit.  Finally, he finds the wand.

           He hands the wand over to Liberty.  He stares at it as though 
           he’s found the Holy Grail.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Oh, darling, I didn’t really think 
                        you had it in you.

                                 FIGUEROA
                             (uncomfortable)
                        Yeah, me neither.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        You have no idea how much I can do 
                        with this.  If it still works.
                                 FIGUEROA
                        Give it a test run if you want.

           Liberty jams the wand into the mark on Barnaby’s chest.  The 
           wand steams, and purple fluid boils out.  When the fluid 
           pours down Barnaby’s neck, the puncture marks start to heal.

           Liberty’s eyes go wide, amazed with the wand’s power.  He 
           steps back to watch.  Figueroa watches as well, although the 
           toxic smell only makes him more nauseous.

           Before long, Barnaby blinks.  He takes a moment to collect 
           his bearings.  He looks around in a state of panic before his 
           eyes settle on Liberty, who smiles down at him.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Don’t be frightened, darling.  I’m 
                        going to take care of you.  For a 
                        long long time.

           Sicker than ever, Figueroa rushes to the side of the 
           building.  He drops his keys, which spill to the ground.  

           He coughs violently and before long, he vomits.  Twice.  He 
           wipes his mouth and wipes it on his pants.

                                 LADY LIBERTY 
                             (amused)
                        You’re not cut out for this level 
                        of sin, Figgy.

           Figueroa notices something.  His vomit -- it’s bright blue.  

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Best to leave it to us 
                        professionals.

                                 FIGUEROA
                        What the fuck was in those drinks?!

           Liberty merely snickers as he strokes Barnaby’s hair.

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        I should have known better.

           Figueroa looks back to Liberty.  He focuses on the tattoos on 
           Liberty’s arms.  “Land of the Free” and “Home of the Slave.”

                                 FIGUEROA (V.O.)
                        Tattoos tell a lot about a person.

           Figueroa’s eyes flutter.  He collapses into his own vomit.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads ELENA.

                                 ELENA (V.O.)
                        I know nothing good lives in me, 
                        that is, in my sinful nature.  For 
                        I have the desire to do what is 
                        good, but I cannot carry it out.

           EXT. CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS - DUSK

           There are only a few cars parked in the lot next to the quiet 
           little church on this evening.

                                 ELENA (V.O.)
                        For what I do is not the good that 
                        I want to do; no, the evil I do not 
                        want to do... this I keep on doing.

           EXT. ST. NICHOLAS - BASEMENT - DUSK

           The church basement is plain, bare.  It can serve a variety 
           of event functions.  Today, it’s allowing Elena to sit on a 
           small wooden chair and spill her guts.

                                 ELENA
                        Now if I do what I do not want to 
                        do, it is no longer I who do it... 
                        but it is the sin living in me.

           FATHER JOHN, 50s, nods solemnly.  He’s bald, compact.  He 
           dresses fairly casually, although the square white collar on 
           his shirt signifies he is indeed a Catholic priest.

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        Romans.  That’s a good book for 
                        what you’re all going through.

           Father John looks around the room, where three other ADDICTS 
           sit with Elena and Father John in a circle.  Their faces look 
           tired, exhausted.  Some hold onto tissues.

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        We’ve done a lot of good work 
                        today.  Why don’t we stop for now 
                        and pick up here next week.

           The other Addicts clear out quickly.  Elena stares blankly, 
           teary eyed, frozen on her chair.  She’s in her own head.
           EXT. CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS - DUSK

           Two of the Addicts drive away in their cars, while the third 
           stays outside and talks with Father John.

           Elena walks towards her car, a cherry-red sports car parked 
           at the end of the lot.  She digs into her handbag to get the 
           keys.  When she looks up, she notices that there’s someone 
           sitting on her car’s hood.  She walks towards him, slowly.

           Her curiosity turns to fear when she sees that it’s Callahan, 
           the man whom Lady Liberty fed earlier.  He’s got a shaved 
           head with assorted scars.  He’s not the type of guy you want 
           to see in a dark alley, let alone camped on your car.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Elena Marsdale.  Classy name.

           Elena stops several feet away.  Callahan leaps off the hood 
           and approaches her instead.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Not sure it fits.

           Elena looks around for help, making eye contact with Father 
           John.  Father John says a few final words to the lingering 
           Addict and heads over in her direction.

           In the meantime, Callahan circles around her.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Little tip: When you skip town and 
                        change your name, you ought to 
                        think about getting a new car too.

                                 ELENA
                        I’ve changed everything else.  I’m 
                        a different person.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        What a shame.  I liked the old 
                        version better.

           Father John approaches the pair, with a friendly smile.  

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        A friend of yours, Elena?

                                 ELENA
                        An old friend.

           Callahan produces an obnoxiously fake grin to Father John.
                                 CALLAHAN
                        Nice to meet ya, Padre.  I just 
                        came to say how proud I am of our 
                        little Elena for turning her life 
                        around.

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        She’s an inspiration to us all.

           Father John produces a slip of paper with his number on it, 
           and hands it to Elena.

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        But if you ever have a problem, 
                        Elena, please call.  Any time.

           Elena smiles as she takes the slip of paper.  After she gives 
           him a nod, he feels comfortable leaving her with Callahan.

           Callahan watches Father John return to the church.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Padre smells like he eats a lot of 
                        salt.  Could be tasty.

                                 ELENA
                        He can help you.  There’s no cure 
                        for our curse, but we can hold it 
                        back with will power and God’s 
                        grace.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        How’s that working out for you?

                                 ELENA
                        I haven’t sinned in months.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        You must be bored sick.

           Callahan grins.  Elena shakes her head, not quite ready to 
           give up on him yet.

                                 ELENA
                        John 1:9 says, “If we confess our 
                        sins, He is faithful and just to 
                        forgive us our sins and to cleanse 
                        us from all unrighteousness.”

                                 CALLAHAN
                        If you stripped away all your 
                        unrighteousness, there’d be nothing 
                        left, “Elena.”
           Callahan looms over her, but Elena doesn’t back down an inch.

                                 ELENA
                        Come to a meeting.  Please.  We can 
                        save you.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        I’ll make you a deal.  I’ll meet 
                        your friends.  But first, you have 
                        to meet mine.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - DUSK

           The Heavyset Strippers of the Pound dance for a handful of 
           Pathetic Patrons.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BOOTH - DUSK

           Callahan and Elena sit in a booth.  They’ve been served water 
           but nothing else.  Elena watches with disgust as the Patrons 
           hoot and holler at the Strippers.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - DUSK

           The Handmaiden escorts Lady Liberty into the main stage room, 
           and motions towards Callahan’s booth.  

           Liberty’s eyes run over Callahan, and this stranger with him.  
           It’s not a nice surprise.

           INT. THE POUND - MAIN STAGE ROOM - BOOTH - DUSK

           Lady Liberty saunters over to the booth and offers a smile 
           and a cheek kiss hello to Callahan.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Sorry you had to wait so long, 
                        darling.  My bitch of a handmaiden 
                        is awful at keeping me organized.

           Liberty pulls a chair to the end of the booth.  He crosses 
           his legs, very ladylike. 

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I swear, pretty girls don’t get 
                        slapped around nearly enough to 
                        learn any disciple.

           Liberty feigns a smile at Elena.  Elena returns the same.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Speaking of pretty girls, who’s 
                        this young-ish lady?

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Elena.  You can trust her.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Whatever you say, darling.  Can I 
                        get you two anything to drink?

                                 ELENA
                        I’m fine with water.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                             (to Callahan)
                        Fun girl.

           Elena glares daggers at Liberty.  Callahan senses the tension 
           between them and turns to Elena.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        See, this place specializes in sin.

                                 ELENA
                        I can tell.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Sins of the flesh.  I named it the 
                        Pound for three reasons.  For the 
                        voluptuous dancers.  For the men 
                        who pay to pound them... does 
                        Callahan pound hard, pretty Elena?

                                 ELENA
                        I wouldn’t know.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        You could probably find out if you 
                        ordered something besides water.  
                        Or changed your hair.

           Elena looks to Callahan.  She wants to leave.  Now.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Show her the basement.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Cutting to the chase.  Maybe you’re 
                        not that good in bed, after all.  
           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - DUSK

           Lady Liberty leads Callahan and Elena down the steep wooden 
           staircase and deeper into the darkened basement.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        This is the most important reason I 
                        named it the Pound.  I keep these 
                        strays in my meat room.

                                 ELENA
                        Strays?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Homeless people, runaways. 

                                 CALLAHAN
                        People who won’t be missed.

           Liberty clicks on the lights.  When they flicker on, Elena is 
           confronted with the walls of Prisoners.  The Brunette that 
           Callahan ate the night before is gone, but the Bar-Dweller, 
           looking miserable, has taken her place.

           Elena looks around the room, both horrified and excited at 
           the same time.  She glances at Play-Thing, who hisses at her.

           Elena’s uncomfortable.  She fidgets and starts to sweat.  

                                 ELENA
                        And you sell them?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Or rent them.  For sex, for 
                        strangulation, for --

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Dessert.

           Elena’s lips begin to twitch.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        The only sinners I won’t tolerate 
                        are people who bounce the check.

           Callahan’s going through the same procedure, only he’s not 
           fighting it.  He points at the Bar-Dweller.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        I’ll eat that one tonight.  Elena, 
                        which one do you want?
           As Elena looks over the tempting faces of the ragged 
           Prisoners, her jaws lower, drooling with hunger.  Hints of 
           fangs begin to poke through her gums.  

           Then, she makes eye contact with a Teenage Girl.  The poor 
           thing looks so innocent.  Elena shakes her head, trying to 
           rid herself of the thoughts.

                                 ELENA
                        None of them.  

           Elena starts back up the stairs, but Callahan grabs her 
           wrist.  She glares back at him, her lips snarling.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        You know you want to.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                             (grinning)
                        This is how fights start.  Or date 
                        rapes.  Either way, it’ll certainly 
                        spice up my evening.

           Elena rips her wrist out of Callahan’s grasp.  She turns her 
           glare on Liberty now.

                                 ELENA
                        “Put to death, whatever belongs to 
                        your earthly nature: sexual 
                        immortality, impurity, lust, evil 
                        desires and greed, which is 
                        idolatry.  Because of these, the 
                        wrath of God is coming.”

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Oh, God, not a Bible thumper.  The 
                        worst kind of scum.

           Elena rushes back up the stairs.  Liberty calls after her.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        “Slaves, submit yourselves to your 
                        masters with all respect, not only 
                        those who are good and 
                        consideration, but also those who 
                        are harsh.”

           Liberty has to shout, as Elena’s out the door.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        It’s in the Bible, bitch!

           Liberty turns to Callahan, miffed.
                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I told you I hate pretty girls.  
                        Especially prude ones.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        When she gets hungry, she makes me 
                        look like a pussycat.

           Callahan trots up the stairs, glancing back to Liberty.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        I’m gonna come back later tonight.  
                        Save me that stray.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Looking forward to it, darling.

           EXT. THE POUND - DUSK

           Callahan chases after Elena, who’s half a block ahead of him.  
           She doesn’t look well.  Sweaty, aggravated.  Twitching.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Hey, come on... it’ll be fun.

           Elena spins back to him.

                                 ELENA
                        I’m not like you.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        You’re worse.

           Elena storms towards her parked car.  Callahan follows her.

                                 ELENA
                        I’m different now.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        You keep saying that, but I don’t 
                        see it.  No way your little 
                        boyfriend believes it either.

                                 ELENA
                        He’s clueless about my past.  He’s 
                        harmless, too.  

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Sounds like a winner.

           Elena opens her car door and glances back to Callahan.
                                 ELENA
                        Harmless is good.  Harmless is what 
                        I need in my life.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        I’ll show you what you really need 
                        in your life.

           Callahan digs into his pockets and pulls out a jewelry box.  

                                 CALLAHAN
                        A present.  For old time’s sake.

           Elena doesn’t take it, so Callahan tosses the box into her 
           car.  It lands on the passenger seat.

                                 ELENA
                        Goodbye.  For good.

                                 CALLAHAN
                        Yeah, right.  Seeya tonight.

           INT. ELENA’S SPORTS CAR - DUSK

           Elena drives down the street, focusing on the road.  For the 
           most part.  Once or twice, she peeks over to the jewelry box 
           on the passenger seat.  It’s still unopened.  For now.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - 8TH FLOOR HALLWAY - DUSK

           Elena walks down the dingy hallway of her apartment.  Before 
           she unlocks her apartment door, she digs into her handbag and 
           pulls out the small jewelry box.

           She opens the hallway trash chute.  She gets set to toss the 
           box away, but decides to take a quick peek inside first.  She 
           finds no necklace, no ring -- just a bloody, severed finger.

           She reacts to the finger like a fat girl on a diet would to a 
           bon bon.  It calls to her, but angers her at the same time.

           Furious, Elena slams the box down the garbage chute.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Elena lies on the bed, reading the Bible.  Trying to focus.  
           She’s flustered though.  She holds her head as if she’s 
           suffering from a major migraine.

           There’s a loud bang from the living room that doesn’t help.
                                 ELENA
                        Is that you, Jayce?

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - NIGHT

           Elena pops out of the bedroom and finds Jayce, dirty and 
           stripped to his underwear.  She gives a strained smile.

                                 ELENA
                        I didn’t hear you come in.

                                 JAYCE
                        I didn’t want to wake you, angel.

                                 ELENA
                        Where have you been?

                                 JAYCE
                        I went out.  To do some recycling.

                                 ELENA
                        Aww, aren’t you a good Samaritan.

           Elena gives Jayce a modest peck on the lips.  She wraps her 
           arms around him for a hug and rests her chin on his shoulder. 
           She takes a sniff of his skin, savoring the smell.

                                 ELENA
                        “Let your light shine before men.”

                                 JAYCE
                        Excuse me?

                                 ELENA
                        “That they may see your good deeds 
                        and praise your Father in heaven.”  
                        Matthew 5:16.

           A set of fangs start to poke through her gums.  Her tongue, 
           several inches longer than it should be, slithers near his 
           neck.  Fortunately, Jayce can’t see from his angle.

                                 JAYCE
                        Oh, right.  Of course.  I was 
                        thinking the exact same thing.

                                 ELENA
                        I’m gonna get ready for bed.  

           She forces herself to pull her jaws away from his neck.

                                 ELENA
                        I’m not feeling that well.
           From the pain in her eyes, it’s obvious that she means it.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Elena, in pajama pants and a tank top, sleeps in the bed with 
           Jayce until she’s woken up by a telephone ring.  

           Every sound is magnified for her.  She sits up, pained by the 
           blaring phone, and turns to Jayce, who reads the Bible.

                                 ELENA
                        Want me to get it?

                                 JAYCE
                        Could you?  This is my absolute 
                        favorite chapter.

           Elena feigns a smile and reaches to answer the phone.

                                 CALLAHAN (O.S.)
                        I know how the cravings work, 
                        Elena.  I’ve been there.  You can 
                        resist at first, but it’s gonna get 
                        worse and worse.  Soon you’ll bite 
                        your boyfriend’s head clean off.

           Her smile fades.  She looks over to Jayce, who sits up.  She 
           stares at Jayce’s neck, his flesh.  It’s tempting.

                                 CALLAHAN (O.S.)
                        When that happens, you can’t keep 
                        pretending to be the good girl.  
                        People will find out who you really 
                        are.  The only way to stop that is 
                        to snack on someone else.  Someone 
                        no one knows.  Come to the Pound, 
                        right now.  It’s feeding time.

           She hangs up.  She can’t wipe the worry from her face.

                                 JAYCE
                        Everything all right?

                                 ELENA
                        One of the kids from the center got 
                        in trouble.  I’m going to go help.

                                 JAYCE
                        Do you ever stop being so 
                        magnificent?  You’re straight on 
                        your way to sainthood, baby.
           Elena slips out of bed and rushes to her closet in order to 
           change.  Her hands tremble as she peels off her tank top.  

                                 JAYCE (O.S.)
                        Honey?  I’m going to head out as 
                        well.  I might visit my 
                        grandmother’s grave.

           Elena presses her hands to her head, fighting her headache. 

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Callahan growls as he throws the battered Bar-Dweller against 
           the wall.  He locks his fangs on the man’s ear and tears it 
           to shreds.  Blood pours down Callahan’s chin as he feeds.

           EXT. THE POUND - NIGHT

           The Harajuku-inspired Youth stand outside the Pound, puffing 
           on their cigarettes.

           Half a block away, Elena watches, wearing a bulky coat.  
           She’s too scared to actually enter again, but she’s too 
           tempted to go back home.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty, battered himself, leads the Fiddler to the 
           double-locked down at the end of the bridge.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Right down that door.

           Liberty unlocks the door and swings it open.  The Fiddler 
           looks suspicious, but peeks inside.

           When his back is turned, Liberty shoves him, with all the 
           might his small frame can muster. 

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Callahan squats over the dead body of the Bar-Dweller, 
           chomping on his flesh.

           He turns when the door opens.  The Fiddler crashes down the 
           staircase, sending his fiddle case sliding.

           Callahan turns towards the Fiddler and unleashes a growl.
           EXT. THE POUND - NIGHT

           Elena stands outside the Pound, only a a few feet away from 
           the Bouncers now.  The closer she gets, the more 
           uncomfortable she becomes.  

           She breathes heavily.  She twitches.  She fidgets.  She 
           escapes into the back alley.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Elena leans against the wall, trying to catch her breath.  

                                 FIGUEROA (O.S.)
                        What the fuck was in those drinks?!

           Elena looks down the alleyway, and sees the source of the 
           voice -- Figueroa.  He yells at Lady Liberty, who hovers over 
           a car trunk.  

           But soon, Figueroa collapses into his own vomit.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty looms over Barnaby, who looks frightened.  
           Liberty strokes his hair, trying to comfort him.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        That bad man tried to kill you, 
                        sweetie.  But mama’s gonna make it 
                        all better.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Elena lays low, but continues to watch.  She sees Lady 
           Liberty help a young man, Barnaby, out of the trunk.  Liberty 
           escorts him to the back entrance, a steel door.

           Elena studies Barnaby.  He looks so innocent.  Such a sweet 
           face.  Seeing him helps her snap out of her trance.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           By the time Elena hurries over, Liberty and Barnaby are gone.  

           Elena rushes over to Figueroa and checks his pulse.  She 
           gently slaps his cheek to revive him.

                                 ELENA
                        Sir, sir, wake up...
           Elena looks towards the steel back door, slammed shut.

                                 ELENA
                        We need to help that boy.  They’re 
                        going to do horrible things to him 
                        if we don’t.

           With Figueroa still unresponsive, Elena heads to the steel 
           door and tries to pry it open.  It won’t budge.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty escorts Barnaby down the mirrored hall, towards 
           Malacoda.  

                                 BARNABY
                        Do you think you can help me?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I know I can help you.  

           Liberty makes subtle eye contact with Malacoda, who 
           approaches Barnaby from the side.  Barnaby barely notices.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        First things first.  We’ll get you 
                        a room for the night.

           Without warning, Malacoda slides his steel chain belt off and 
           wraps it around Barnaby’s neck.  

           Barnaby kicks and struggles at first, but there’s little he 
           can do when Malacoda lifts him off his feet with sheer 
           strength.  Barnaby gasps for air, his face turning red.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Lucky for you, I just so happen to 
                        have a new vacancy in my meat room.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty opens the bulky door and takes ginger steps down 
           the steep staircase.  In one hand, he has Azlon’s wand.  In 
           the other, he drags a steel chain behind him, which runs 
           around Barnaby’s neck as if it was a dog’s leash.

           There’s tape over Barnaby’s mouth.  His wrists are bound with 
           triple knotted rope.  He follows without a fight.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Callahan?  Are you done, darling?
           The basement’s dark, as usual.  Both Liberty and Barnaby are 
           cautious as they step down to the end of the staircase.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I hope you enjoyed your second 
                        course.  Use the fiddle as floss.

           Liberty comes to the end of the staircase and flicks on the 
           lights.  Only, they don’t come on.  The room stays dark.

           Liberty searches around in the limited light.  The glass 
           cages are shattered.  Play-Thing is nowhere in sight.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Darling?  Did you eat my Play-
                        Thing?  I asked you not to.

           Liberty gets closer to confirm that Play-Thing has vanished.  
           He turns for the exit, but runs into someone -- Play-Thing.  
           She’s out of her cage and ornery.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Help!!  We need hel--

           Play-Thing attacks like a wild dog.  She jumps on Liberty and 
           digs her long ungroomed fingernails deep into Liberty’s 
           flesh, tearing what she can.  Liberty wails in pain.

           Liberty drops Barnaby’s chain and the wand.  Barnaby quickly 
           snatches up the wand and scampers towards the staircase. 

           Play-Thing leaves Liberty on the ground and chases after him.

                                 PLAY-THING
                        Staaayy....

           After years of abuse, Play-Thing’s voice is so scratchy that 
           it sounds like she’s been gargling razor blades.

           When Barnaby gets to the top of the stairs, Play-Thing grabs 
           a hold of his shirt and spins him around.  

                                 PLAY-THING
                        Staaaaaayyy...

           Scared stiff, Barnaby looks back and makes eye contact with 
           her demented, bloodshot eyes.  

           He shoves her off of him, which causes her to stumble down 
           the staircase.  Her neck cracks and she falls down, dead.  
           Barnaby takes the opportunity to escape.
           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Barnaby bursts out of the double-locked door and races across 
           the stone bridge, weaving between Service Girls.

           He passes the Handmaiden, who watches with concern.  Rather 
           than chase after him, she rushes for the double-locked door.

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady!  Have you been harmed?

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Barnaby climbs out of the hatch.  For some reason, Malacoda’s 
           on the ground, being tended to by the two other Bouncers.  

           Barnaby rushes past them.  The two Bouncers chase after him.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Barnaby pushes open the steel door and emerges in the back 
           alley.  His hands are still tied, his mouth taped.  The steel 
           chain around his neck drags behind him.

           Elena, tending to Figueroa, sees Barnaby race past her. 

                                 ELENA
                        Wait!  Let me help you!

           Barnaby’s not interested in any more help this evening, but 
           Elena catches up nonetheless.  She rips the tape off his 
           lips.  He cringes as some skin peels off in the process.

                                 BARNABY
                        They’re coming.  

                                 ELENA
                        Who?

           The two Bouncers kick open the steel door.  They have their 
           steel chain belts in their hands, ready to act as whips.

           Barnaby looks for an escape.  He spots Figueroa’s unconscious 
           body, and his car keys resting in the puddle of blue vomit.

           Barnaby rushes to scoop up the keys and then turns towards 
           Figueroa’s car.  The Bouncers head after him.

           Elena steps in front of them, hoping to block their path.

                                 ELENA
                        Don’t you dare --
           Bouncer 1 whips his steel chain at Elena, slashing her across 
           the face.  She topples to the ground.

           Barnaby runs for Figueroa’s car.  The Bouncers chase him.

           EXT. FIGUEROA’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby manages to open the front door of Figueroa’s car, but 
           before he can jump in, Bouncer 2 grabs hold of the chain 
           dragging behind him.  

           Bouncer 2 jerks on the chain, causing Barnaby to snap back 
           onto the ground.  

           Barnaby writhes on the alley ground, gasping for breath.

           Bouncer 1 converges on him and delivers a football-style punt 
           with his boot, right into Barnaby’s chin.  Barnaby’s head 
           snaps back and he collapses again.

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           Elena pulls herself off the ground and rushes over.  Rather 
           than help Barnaby, she picks up the car keys.  She hops into 
           Figueroa’s car and quickly revs up the ignition.

           The Bouncers continue to beat Barnaby.  Bouncer 2 whips his 
           steel chain across Barnaby’s back, leaving imprints of blood.  

           Elena manages to turn the car around, slamming right into 
           Bouncer 2 and sending him flying.

           She kicks open the passenger side door and looks out to 
           Barnaby, urging him in.

                                 ELENA
                        Hurry up, get in!

           Barnaby crawls off the ground and dives into the open car.

           INT. FIGUEROA’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby slams the door shut.  From the window, he can see 
           Bouncer 1 approach.  Bouncer 1 slams an elbow at the side 
           window, shattering it. 

           In the driver’s seat, Elena accelerates the car to get away.  

           Bouncer 1 grabs a hold of the chain around Barnaby’s neck, 
           which nearly chokes him as Elena speeds up.  
           The speed of the car manages to snap the chain in two, 
           although it leaves a brutal ring of scarred flesh around 
           Barnaby’s neck.  

           EXT. THE POUND - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

           The car zooms off, smashing into trash cans as it goes.  Left 
           behind, all the Bouncers can do is watch.

           INT. FIGUEROA’S CAR - NIGHT

           Elena keeps crashing into garbage cans and dumpsters as she 
           drives through the alley and pulls onto a side road.

           Barnaby tries to catch his breath.  He rubs the mangled skin 
           around his neck.

                                 ELENA
                        Are you all right?

                                 BARNABY
                        Yeah.  Although with your driving, 
                        I might be safer back there.

           The tension breaker causes Elena to laugh.  Even Barnaby 
           manages to smile.

           He looks over Elena, noticing that the slash across her 
           forehead is bleeding badly.

                                 BARNABY
                        We need to get you to a doctor.

                                 ELENA
                        I don’t like hospitals.  Seeing 
                        other peoples’ blood, their limbs, 
                        bones makes me... uncomfortable.

           Barnaby feels his back, which bleeds profusely.

                                 ELENA
                        You need to get patched up though.  
                        I have a first-aid kit at home.

                                 BARNABY
                        You don’t have to do that.

                                 ELENA
                        Of course I do.  Matthew 10:8 -- 
                        “Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, 
                        raise the dead, cast out demons...”
                                 BARNABY
                        “Freely you have received, freely 
                        give.”

           Elena and Barnaby share a smile.

           INT. OASIS APARTMENTS - APARTMENT 8M - NIGHT

           Elena stands by her kitchen sink, soaking a cloth in water.  
           Next to her on the counter is a bottle of alcohol.

           Barnaby waits nearby.  The ropes around his wrists have been 
           removed now.  He examines her apartment, taking note of the 
           Jesus statue on the wall.

                                 ELENA
                        Sorry the place is a mess.  I was 
                        going to clean it tomorrow.

                                 BARNABY
                        Oh no, it’s nice.  Nicer than where 
                        I was staying.

           Elena uses the cloth to clean the dirt from Barnaby’s neck.

                                 ELENA
                        Are you moving to Mortecita?

                                 BARNABY
                        I’m not sure.  You know, it sounds 
                        stupid, but, I didn’t even think 
                        that far ahead.

                                 ELENA
                        That’s not stupid.  I didn’t move 
                        here as much as much as I moved 
                        away from somewhere else.  
                        Sometimes you need a change.

           Elena dips the other side of the cloth in the alcohol.

                                 ELENA
                        Now this might hurt a little.  

                                 BARNABY
                        I’m getting used to that.

           She dabs the alcohol around his neck.  He winces a little, 
           but allows her to continue.

                                 BARNABY
                        I didn’t get the chance to thank 
                        you.  For everything.
                                 ELENA
                        It’s the Lord’s will.  I was lucky 
                        to find you.  Who knows what I’d 
                        have been up to otherwise.

           Elena smiles and continues to clean Barnaby’s neck.  She 
           notices the blood from his back soak through his shirt.

                                 ELENA
                        Do you mind taking off your shirt?

           Barnaby looks uncomfortable with the idea.  He freezes.

                                 ELENA
                        So I can clean your back.  Relax.  
                        I have a boyfriend.

           Barnaby gives an “of course” nod.  Silly him.

                                 BARNABY
                        I do too.  A girlfriend, I mean.  
                        I’m supposed to see her tonight.

           He digs into his pocket and fishes out the stencil paper that 
           Figueroa had given him earlier.

                                 BARNABY
                        Speaking of, do you know where this 
                        address is?

           Elena looks over the stencil paper.

                                 ELENA
                        Yeah, that’s the cemetery in 
                        Riversfield.  My boyfriend’s 
                        grandmother was just buried there.

                                 BARNABY
                        I heard they don’t use it anymore.

                                 ELENA
                        According to him, they do.  She 
                        passed away a few months ago.  He’s 
                        terribly broken up about it still.

           Barnaby puts the stencil paper back in his pocket.  He turns 
           around and peels off his shirt so Elena can look at his back.

           The slash marks in his back are brutal, bloody messes.  Now 
           it’s Elena’s turn to freeze.  Those wounds, that ripped 
           flesh, it looks awfully inviting.  For her, they might as 
           well be grill marks on a hamburger.
                                 BARNABY
                        I can understand that.  It’s hard 
                        to let go of someone you love.

           Elena doesn’t respond.  She rubs the cloth along Barnaby’s 
           back, hypnotized by it.  Her lip twitches. 

                                 BARNABY
                        I bet it helps him to have you 
                        around.  You’re such a good person.

           She clenches her eyes closed, hoping to block out the sight.  
           But when she opens them again, her eyes have turned yellow.

                                 BARNABY
                        I’ll be honest.  I was beginning to 
                        doubt the goodness of people.  
                        Until I met you.

           With his back turned towards her, Barnaby has no idea of 
           Elena’s transformation.  

                                 BARNABY
                        You helped me, risked your life for 
                        me, and you didn’t even know my 
                        name.  It’s Barnaby, by the way.

           Barnaby extends his hand over his shoulder, hoping to shake 
           Elena’s hand in a more formal introduction.

           Elena’s jaws, now filled with sets of fangs, snap down on 
           Barnaby’s hand.  In one bite, she rips three of his fingers 
           off, bones and all.

           Barnaby wails as his hand bursts with blood.  He turns back 
           to Elena.  The monstrous version of Elena.  She snarls.

           So much for that friendship.  Nursing his hand, Barnaby books 
           it for the door.  Elena catches him with her claw-like hands 
           and flings him against the wall with superhuman strength.

           Barnaby smashes against the wall, sending a tremor that 
           causes the Jesus statue to crash onto the floor.

           Barnaby’s used to some punishment by now, so he manages to 
           pick himself up and run out the door.

           EXT. OASIS APARTMENTS - 8TH FLOOR HALLWAY - DUSK

           Barnaby slams the door behind him.  Elena bursts through it, 
           splintering it to shreds with her claws.
           Barnaby bolts down the hallway, not daring to look back. 
           Elena staggers towards him, but, for some reason, slows down.

           She appears to be containing her urges, or at least fighting 
           against them.  She stumbles and falls to her knees.  She 
           holds her hands to her head, fighting this awful headache.  

           She’s in a weird in-between state now.  Her lips still snarl 
           and twitch, but her eyes are human, and filled with tears. 

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           Figueroa’s car is back on the road again, this time with 
           Barnaby behind the wheel.

           INT. FIGUEROA’S CAR - NIGHT

           Still shirtless, Barnaby breathes heavily as he drives.  He 
           digs into his pocket to pull out the stencil paper with the 
           address of Delilah’s grave site.

           He tosses it onto the passenger seat, next to Azlon’s wand.

           INT. CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS - NIGHT

           Even at this late hour, the stained glass windows catch some 
           light, which creates a blue tint over the entire church.

           Father John enters, peeling off his jacket.  

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        You did the right thing to call, 
                        Elena.  This is what I’m here for.  
                        To help fight the cravings.  

           He walks down the aisle and sees Elena at the pews, her head 
           buried in her hands.  She sniffles.  She’s been crying.

                                 FATHER JOHN
                        We’ll be able to work through this.

           Father John takes a hold of her hand.  He doesn’t notice how 
           bony it’s become.

                                 ELENA
                        No, we won’t.

           Elena looks up to him.  Her eyes are bright yellow.  Demonic.  
           Her jaw hangs low, revealing the many fangs in her mouth. 
           Father John blinks.  This is a new one.  Exorcisms are not 
           his forte, so he has no idea what to say.  He’s terrified.

                                 ELENA
                        Forgive me, Father.

           Elena squeezes Father John’s hand, crushing it.  Her claws 
           burst through his palm.  

           Blood splatters on the church floor.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           The yellow-eyed, monstrous version of Elena staggers towards 
           the burial grounds.  

                                 ELENA
                        Baaarrrrnaby...

           She comes upon an unconscious body, Desmond the night guard.  
           His face has been beaten to a pulp.

                                 ELENA (V.O.)
                        I know nothing good lives in me.

           It’s curious, but Elena’s not going to look a gift horse in 
           the mouth.  She kneels down and smells the sweet flesh. 

           She sinks her teeth into his arm and rips at it, like a hyena 
           picking apart a dead carcass.

                                 ELENA (V.O.)
                        That is, in my sinful nature.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - EAST HILL - NIGHT

           Elena stalks around the graveyard.  Blood and chunks of flesh 
           spill down her chin.  

                                 ELENA
                        Baaarrrrnaby... Baaarrrrnaby...

           She keeps searching around, but the place seems empty.

                                 ELENA (V.O.)
                        For I have the desire to do what is 
                        good, but I cannot carry it out.

           Her nostrils flare.  She’s onto a scent.  Dessert’s coming.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads THE FIDDLER.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        As far as hobbies go, I’d stack 
                        mine up against any.

           INT. THE POUND - BACK ROOM - PRIVATE BOOTH - NIGHT

           The Fiddler sits on a chair in a private booth, facing a 
           curtain.  He plays his fiddle, the same haunting tune.  

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        Folks need hobbies.  As means of 
                        keeping voices outta their heads. 

           He keeps his head down, in complete focus.

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        Some folks can get by with 
                        somethin’ easy.  Stamp collecting.  
                        Building model railways.  For me, 
                        only two things work to keep the 
                        voices out: Playin’ me fiddle.

           Lady Liberty peels back the curtain.

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        And fightin’.

           INT. THE POUND - BACK ROOM - PRIVATE BOOTH - NIGHT

           The Fiddler grabs a fistful of Liberty’s wig and rams his 
           head against the wall.  Again.  And again.  And again.

           Around the third crack, Liberty’s nose bursts with a bloody 
           explosion.  When the Fiddler finally lets go, Liberty 
           collapses to the ground, leaving a red imprint on the wall.

           A huddled mass on the floor, Liberty spits out a few loose 
           teeth.  He struggles to avoid choking on his own blood.

           Liberty tries to lift his head, but the Fiddler pins it back 
           down to the ground with his boot.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Find.  The.  Boy.

           Liberty whimpers, barely able to speak.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I... I think I have an idea...
           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           With his fiddle case slung over his back, the Fiddler follows 
           Lady Liberty across the stone bridge.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        He mentioned the wand.  I pleaded 
                        with him to give it back to Azlon, 
                        but he didn’t listen.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Where’s this fat man now?

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        There he is.  Right down that door.

           Liberty opens the double-bolted door at the end of the 
           bridge.  The Fiddler looks suspicious, but peeks inside.

           When his back is turned, Liberty shoves him, with all the 
           might his small frame can muster.  It’s enough to do the 
           trick, as the Fiddler stumbles down the staircase.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           The Fiddler crashes down the steep wooden staircase.  His 
           fiddle case slides off his back and spills onto the floor.

           After the hard landing, the Fiddler looks around at all the 
           poor Prisoners trapped in their glass cages.  Then he catches 
           sight of Callahan on the other side of the room.

           Callahan squats over the dead body of the Bar-Dweller.  
           Chunks of flesh drip of his fanged mouth.  His eyes shine 
           bright yellow.  His jaw hangs low.  He’s become a full 
           monster now.

           Callahan turns towards the Fiddler and unleashes a fierce 
           growl.  The Fiddler looks to Callahan and then to his fiddle 
           case.  He scrambles for the case. 

           He can’t make it in time before Callahan springs into the air 
           and latches onto him with his sharp claws.  Callahan throws 
           him to the other side of the room like a rag doll.

           Before the Fiddler can get up, Callahan bounds towards him 
           and leaps onto his back.  Callahan digs his claws deep into 
           the Fiddler’s sides.

           The Fiddler staggers around with Callahan’s heavy weight on 
           him.  Like a bucking bronco, he throws Callahan off.  
           Callahan flies into the wall, shattering some of the 
           Prisoners’ glass cases.  
           The Fiddler makes a break for his fiddle case.  He nearly 
           makes it before Callahan leaps back at him and grabs hold of 
           his leg.  He tugs the Fiddler towards his snapping jaws.  The 
           Fiddler’s outstretched hand can almost reach the case.

           Callahan’s jaws inch closer to him.  A forked tongue grows 
           and coils around the Fiddler’s foot.  With his free leg, the 
           Fiddler delivers a kick -- to Play-Thing’s glass case.

           The case cracks.  After two more kicks, the glass shatters 
           completely.  Play-Thing leaps out, finally free.  She jumps 
           on Callahan and bites his ear.  Callahan turns his attention 
           to Play-Thing, ripping her to the ground.

           Just before Callahan takes a bite out of her flesh, the 
           Fiddler reaches for his bow, clicks it into a jagged blade, 
           and slams it deep into Callahan’s brain.  He twists it 
           around.  When he pulls it out, Callahan slumps down, dead.

           The Fiddler looks at Play-Thing, who hisses at him.  

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I ain’t supposed to kill ya.  So 
                        keep yer distance and I won’t.

           Play-Thing keeps her distance.  The other freed Prisoners, 
           including the Raggedy Homeless Man, stay back as well.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           Lady Liberty pulls Barnaby along the stone bridge by the 
           steel chain on his neck.  His mouth is taped, and his wrists 
           have been bound.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I think you’ll going to be very 
                        popular here, darling.

           Liberty starts to open the double-bolted door.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           The Fiddler has had time to catch his breath.  He cleans the 
           blood and brains off his fiddle bow.

           Play-Thing picks at Callahan’s flesh, eating the choice bits.  
           The other freed Prisoners stir uneasily.

           Everyone turns towards the door when they hear it start to 
           unlock.  The Fiddler smashes the light, leaving the room 
           pitch black.
           The Fiddler races up the staircase, and hides behind the door 
           as it swings open.  Lady Liberty and Barnaby enter.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Callahan?  Are you done, darling?

           Liberty and Barnaby descend the staircase, not noticing the 
           Fiddler hiding in all the darkness.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        I hope you enjoyed your second 
                        course.  Use the fiddle as floss.

           The Fiddler slips out the door.  He leaves Liberty for the 
           Play-Thing and the other Prisoners to enjoy.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           With his case on his back and his bow in hand, Fiddler limps 
           across the stone bridge.  Specks of blood trail behind him.

           The Service Girls and Boys don’t try to stop him, and when 
           one accidentally gets in his way, the Fiddler shoves him down 
           into a sunken booth below.

           INT. THE POUND - MIRRORED HALLWAY - NIGHT

           The Handmaiden confers with two Bouncers.

           At the other end of the hall, Malacoda guards the hatch.  He 
           hears rumbling from beneath it.  The hatch pops open, and the 
           Fiddler starts to climb out.

           The Fiddler looks to Malacoda, and to the two Bouncers down 
           the hall.  Each of them slides their steel chain belts off.  

           Malacoda attacks first, slashing the Fiddler as he climbs out 
           of the hatch.  Malacoda strikes again, but this time the 
           Fiddler catches the chain and uses it to tug Malacoda closer.  
           The Fiddler jams his jagged bow deep into Malacoda’s stomach.  
           He guts the poor bastard like a fish.

           Malacoda collapses to the floor in a bloody heap, his 
           intestines spilling out of his stomach.

           The Fiddler glares over to the other two Bouncers.  They hold 
           up their hands, essentially waving the white flag.  The 
           Fiddler simply walks past them without incident.  

           Once the Fiddler is out of sight, the Bouncers tend to the 
           fallen Malacoda.  The Handmaiden rushes to the hatch.
                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady!  I’m coming!

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           The Handmaiden rushes down the stone bridge towards the 
           double-locked door.  Still barefoot with now disgusting feet, 
           she nearly trips on a pool of spilled alcohol.

           Barnaby, with a gag and handcuffs, rushes past her, escaping.  
           Rather than chase him, she hurries to the end of the bridge 
           and the double-locked door, which is open. 

                                 HANDMAIDEN
                        My lady!  Have you been harmed?

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           Play-Thing’s laid out on the floor, dead, but the other freed 
           Prisoners have their fun with Lady Liberty.  

           The Prisoners thrash at her violently.  Liberty’s more black 
           and blue than ever, with his wig ripped to shreds.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        Help me!!  Help me, you cunt!!

           The Raggedy Homeless Man bites Liberty’s nose, tearing it 
           half off.  Liberty wails in pain.

           INT. THE POUND - MALEBOLGE ROOM - NIGHT

           With the light pouring in, the Handmaiden can see the 
           gruesome details and hear every scream.

           As she watches, her concern fades into a slight hint of 
           amusement.  She shuts the door and double locks it.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           The Fiddler pushes past the Harajuku-inspired Youth on the 
           streets without a second glance.  No one dares to respond.

           The Fiddler fails to notice the various cars zooming down the 
           streets.  One of those cars is Figueroa’s, with Elena at the 
           wheel, driving Barnaby away from the Pound.
           INT. BLACK TOP - DINING CAR - NIGHT

           The mood is somber and silent in the dining car.  Azlon sits 
           alone, with a large bottle of absinthe in front of him.  
           There’s also a plate of pomegranates, but they’re untouched.

           The Fiddler enters.  Azlon looks up, waiting for the verdict.  
           The Fiddler slumps down at his table.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        I ain’t found your boy.  Yet.  

           Azlon pours himself a generous shot of absinthe.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        He ain’t at the tattoo parlor.  Or 
                        the Pound.  Dunno where he went.

                                 AZLON
                        There’s only one other place our 
                        boy could be.  The grave of his 
                        beloved Delilah.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        You known all along where ‘is 
                        girl’s buried at?

                                 AZLON
                        You ask as if to doubt me.  There 
                        is little in this life that I do 
                        not know.

           Azlon downs the shot of absinthe.

                                 AZLON
                        Your performance is not yet 
                        complete.  And neither of our 
                        nights is over yet.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Desmond, with a chunk of chew under his bottom lip, sits on 
           his ass and gazes out at the sky.  He couldn’t be more bored.

           He hears a rumbling engine sound, coming near.  He climbs to 
           his feet to check it out.  He spits out his tobacco.

           It’s Figueroa’s car, with a shirtless Barnaby behind the 
           wheel.  Barnaby speeds, swerving out of control.
           INT. FIGUEROA’S CAR - NIGHT

           Barnaby applies the breaks.  The car screeches and slows, but 
           ends up smashing headfirst into a pole.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Smoke pours out of the hood of Figueroa’s car.  Barnaby 
           cracks open the door and spills out onto the parking lot.

           Barnaby’s a bloody mess, although most of that damage was 
           done before.  His back still has slash mark scars, and his 
           hand, missing three fingers, still drips blood.

           Desmond rushes over to help Barnaby to his feet.  

                                 DESMOND
                        Holy shit, are you all right?

                                 BARNABY
                        Yeah.  Been through worse.

                                 DESMOND
                        You realize you ain’t got a shirt, 
                        right?

                                 BARNABY
                        I don’t need one.

                                 DESMOND
                        Ahh another one of those.  Popular 
                        thing these days, corpse cunt.

                                 BARNABY
                             (repulsed)
                        That’s not why I’m here.

                                 DESMOND
                        Whatever.  You can dig up a body or 
                        you can bury one.  They don’t pay 
                        me enough to care. 

                                 BARNABY
                        I don’t have any money.

                                 DESMOND
                        I’ll make a tab for ya.  This 
                        business of mine’s booming these 
                        days.  Lot of freaks in this town.

                                 BARNABY
                        I noticed.
           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - EAST HILL - NIGHT

           The burial grounds are expansive, with several acres spanning 
           all the way down to an overflowing river.  

           The grounds are split into several sections.  The one Barnaby 
           walks around in now is one we haven’t seen before.  

           It seems as though it was gorgeous, at one time.  There are 
           fountains and marble statues of angels that suggest as much.  
           Only, the fountains have rusted over, and the statues are all 
           cracked, covered with moss.  

           Among the statues is a staircase downwards into a man-made 
           catacomb.  It doesn’t look safe to enter, not anymore.  

           Luckily, Barnaby gets to stay above ground.  Although, as a 
           result of flooding, the ground’s wet and marsh-like.  With 
           every step he takes, his boots sink into the mud below him. 

           He slogs his way across several tombstones.  The statues 
           tower above him, like titans watching his every move.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - DELILAH’S PLOT - NIGHT

           Barnaby stops at a tombstone, labeled only with a Latin 
           phrase he can’t understand.  He checks his stencil paper, 
           which has the exact same Latin phrase -- “non omnis moriar.”  
           This is Delilah.

           Barnaby traces his fingers over the lettering.  He would cry, 
           but he knows he still has work to do.

           Without the benefit of his shovel, Barnaby has to dig by 
           hand.  He drops to his knees and sinks his hands into the 
           mud, which is loose and easy to uncover.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Desmond digs his hand into the tobacco tin and shoves more 
           into his mouth.  He glances up to the East hill, where he can 
           barely make out Barnaby’s frantic dig.

           He turns away to give the kid some privacy.  Seems like the 
           polite thing to do.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - NIGHT

           The black hearse peels down the street.  Doktor Kahn sits at 
           the wheel, expertly weaving in and out of traffic.
           INT. HEARSE - NIGHT

           In the back seat, Azlon sits with the Fiddler.  Azlon looks 
           miserable, but the Fiddler’s face is blank, as usual.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        When we find your boy, can I kill 
                        ‘im?  In any way I see fit?

                                 AZLON
                        That depends.  On what he’s done.  
                        What he’s seen.  What he knows.

           The Fiddler opens his fiddle case and pulls out his bow.

                                 AZLON
                        If he finds out what I did to his 
                        dear Delilah, he won’t be my boy 
                        Barnaby anymore.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                             (confused)
                        Who’s ‘e gonna be?

                                 AZLON
                        Someone else entirely.  Someone 
                        like us.  

           Azlon watches the Fiddler clean the chunks of blood and flesh 
           off of his precious bow.

                                 AZLON
                        Wretched in all our ways.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - DELILAH’S PLOT - NIGHT

           Caked in mud, Barnaby scoops out the ground.  The flooding 
           must have shifted the coffin, because he comes upon it only a 
           few feet deep, half submerged in water.

           It’s a struggle to tug the coffin out of the ground, but 
           Barnaby’s had experience.  He runs his hand over the oak 
           coffin.  It’s simple, classic, strong.  No worms or larvae 
           feed on it.

           Barnaby pulls Azlon’s wand out of his pant leg.  He starts to 
           tug the coffin cover off.

           He’s nervous.  His hand trembles.  He closes his eyes.  When 
           he opens his eyes, he finds --

           Nothing.  The coffin is empty.  
           Barnaby’s face drops.  What little color he had in his cheeks 
           vanishes.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Barnaby storms towards Desmond, anger on his face.

                                 BARNABY
                        She’s gone.  She’s not here.  
                        Somebody took her!

           Desmond, having no clue what Barnaby’s on about, furrows his 
           brow.  He doesn’t even spit out his tobacco.

                                 DESMOND
                        I have no idea what --

                                 BARNABY
                        The mud... someone’s been there.  
                        Two years ago.  Maybe three.  

                                 DESMOND
                        I don’t know what to tell ya --

           Barnaby interrupts again, and even grabs Desmond’s collar.  
           He might not be a natural bully, but he’s seen enough evil 
           men to know how to intimidate.

                                 BARNABY
                        Somebody took her, you fucking --

           An engine rumbles in the distance.  The sound stops both 
           Barnaby and Desmond.  

           They look up the road to see an approaching car.  A hearse.

           Barnaby has an idea who’s inside.  He bolts.  He races to the 
           burial ground, like a gazelle with a lion on its tail.

           INT. HEARSE - NIGHT

           Doktor Kahn says nothing as he drives in the front.  

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        Folks need hobbies.  As means of 
                        keeping voices outta their heads. 

           In the backseat, both Azlon and the Fiddler study the 
           upcoming burial grounds.  
                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        As a child, I never ‘ad a stamp to 
                        spare.  Never saw nothing as fancy 
                        as a model railway.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUND - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Desmond, clueless, walks over to greet the hearse.  

           When it parks, Doktor Kahn steps out first.

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        So for me, only two things work to 
                        keep the voices out: Playin’ me 
                        fiddle.

           Doktor Kahn moves to opens the back door.

           The Fiddler bursts out.  He’s fury unleashed.  He slides his 
           fiddle case off his back and cracks Desmond over the head 
           with it.

           Desmond falls unconscious easily, but the Fiddler doesn’t 
           care.  He rears back, holding the case high over his head, 
           and brings it down on Desmond’s face again.  And again.

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        And fightin’.

           Azlon climbs out of the car and watches the Fiddler work.  
           Desmond’s face is an explosion of blood, teeth, and tobacco.

                                 AZLON
                        That’s quite enough.  Save some 
                        strength for our boy Barnaby.

           The Fiddler stops, although he appears disappointed that he 
           can’t continue to thrash the man to a pulp.

           Azlon looks towards the East hill.  He seems to know 
           immediately where Barnaby would be.

                                 AZLON
                        There are plenty of pints of blood 
                        still to be spilled on this night.

           The Fiddler smiles.  A sick grin.

                                 THE FIDDLER (V.O.)
                        As far as hobbies go, I’d stack 
                        mine up against any.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           A black screen.  A title card reads AZLON.

                                 AZLON (V.O.)
                        I know what you’re thinking, but 
                        I’m not God.  I’m greater than God.  
                        I give second chances.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - DELILAH’S PLOT - DAY

           Standing next to mounds of dirt, Azlon looks down a grave.

           SUPERIMPOSE: Two years earlier.

                                 AZLON 
                        And unlike God, I try not to pry in 
                        silly subjects like the state of 
                        your soul.  

           Azlon offers his hand to the person deep in the grave.

                                 AZLON
                        I’m simply interested in offering 
                        you this -- a place to call your 
                        home, for the night, and maybe 
                        longer.  Will you do me that honor, 
                        my fair Delilah?

           In tattered clothes, DELILAH, mid 20s, looks up at him, 
           completely bewildered.  She’s just as Barnaby described to 
           Sudsy -- angelic, with porcelain skin and luscious red hair.

           INT. HEARSE - DAY

           Up front, Doktor Kahn drives the hearse.  He stays quiet.

           In the back, Delilah, now wrapped tastefully in a warm 
           blanket, sits next to Azlon, who clutches his cane.

                                 AZLON
                        I’m a man of the world, Delilah.  
                        There’s not a day goes by where I 
                        don’t travel, see new places, new 
                        faces...

           Delilah watches Azlon, not knowing what to make of him.  As 
           can be expected, this experience is overwhelming for her.

                                 AZLON
                        And I dare say, yours is the first 
                        beauty that’s taken my breath away.  
                        You’re even lovelier than I was led 
                        to believe.
           The flattery helps Delilah warm to Azlon, but it doesn’t help 
           her confusion.

                                 DELILAH
                        Who told you about me?

                                 AZLON
                        Why, the man we’re about to see, of 
                        course.  The love of your life.

           Delilah blinks.  She arches a brow.  She’s not quite sure 
           what he’s talking about.  

                                 DELILAH
                        Thomas?

           Azlon’s friendly smile fades quickly.  

                                 DELILAH
                        Byron?

           It’s a cold stare now.  

           Doktor Kahn glances over his shoulder.  Maybe they got the 
           wrong girl.  Azlon isn’t as quick to give up on her.

                                 AZLON
                        Barnaby.  Barnaby James.  He worked 
                        on the farm for your father.

           Finally a wave of recognition hits Delilah.  She nods and 
           laughs pleasantly.  Azlon allows himself to smile now.  
           Crisis averted.

                                 DELILAH
                        Oh I remember Barnaby.  But the 
                        love of my life?  That’s funny.

                                 AZLON
                        I hardly see the humor.

                                 DELILAH
                        Barnaby’s probably the only 
                        farmhand that I didn’t sleep with.  
                        He was a silly, stupid boy.

           Azlon’s icy glare returns.

                                 DELILAH
                        We all used to tease him.  Make a 
                        sport of it.  I’d have him spend 
                        every penny of his pathetic little 
                        salary to buy me flowers from the 
                        market.
           Doktor Kahn looks back to gauge how Azlon will respond.  So 
           far, he hasn’t moved an inch.

                                 DELILAH
                        He used to write me these, these
                        long love letters... poems too.  
                        Terribly misspelled.  Like a child.  
                        Every single one talked about how 
                        he wanted to marry me.  I used to 
                        show them around, laugh about it.

           Delilah laughs at the memory.  Azlon does not.

                                 DELILAH
                        It was funny for a while.  Then it 
                        became embarrassing.  When I was 
                        engaged to Thomas, he kept writing.  
                        Over and over.  I was worried 
                        Thomas might find those letters.

           Although he does his best to stay expressionless, there’s a 
           burning fury deep behind Azlon’s eyes.

                                 DELILAH
                        I finally told Daddy.  He’s the one 
                        who thought we had to do something.  
                        To protect the marriage.

           Azlon grips his can so tightly that his hand trembles.

                                 DELILAH
                        Daddy knew this man who worked for 
                        the railroads.  He said he could 
                        take care of it without --

           Before she can finish the story, Azlon erupts.  He slashes at 
           her with the cane.

           Delilah screams and holds her hands up to protect herself.  
           Azlon clubs her, again and again.  

           Doktor Kahn slows the hearse down to a stop, but doesn’t 
           intervene.  He doesn’t even watch.

           Azlon’s cane continues to fly in a fury down on Delilah, 
           leaving welts and marks of blood.  She squeals in pain.  That 
           does little to deter Azlon.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - DAY

           Azlon’s hands lock into Delilah’s red hair.  He throws her 
           down on the ground for Lady Liberty’s inspection.
           Delilah, red marks all over her body, whimpers.  She looks up 
           to Liberty, hoping he might provide salvation.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        She’s pretty.  Glamorous looking.  
                        If you ignore the bruises.

                                 AZLON
                        I want more bruises, not less.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        What do you want me to do with her?

           Delilah looks over the glass cases that line the walls.  The 
           Prisoners are different ones, as the turnover rate is 
           predictably high, but their looks are no less fearful.

                                 AZLON
                        She does not deserve the dignity of 
                        death.  I want you to keep her 
                        alive.  Give her to the worst of 
                        the worst.  The sickos, even by our 
                        standards.  Make.  Her.  Suffer.

           Liberty runs his hand through Delilah’s thick red locks.

                                 LADY LIBERTY
                        That’s what I do best, darling.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - DELILAH’S CAGE - DAY

           Delilah’s shaking hand presses against her new glass prison.  
           Tears roll down her cheek.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - DELILAH’S CAGE - DAY

           Chunks of Delilah’s hair have been ripped out.  To go along 
           with her welts, she has bruises all over her body and a 
           severe black eye.  She knocks on the glass with her hand, 
           which misses several fingers. 

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - DELILAH’S CAGE - DAY

           The progression worsens for Delilah.  She’s more mutilated 
           than ever.  More animal than woman.  She hisses and bangs her 
           grimy hands on the glass.  

           She’s virtually unrecognizable.  As Delilah, anyway.  Now, 
           she’s Play-Thing.
           EXT. ABANDONED FIELDS - DAY

           The hearse rolls through fields.

           EXT. THE POUND - DAY

           Doktor Kahn and Azlon walk towards their parked hearse.  

                                 AZLON
                        You shall not sniff a word of this 
                        to Barnaby, or anybody else.  It 
                        would break the poor boy’s heart.

                                 DOKTOR KAHN
                        It’s understood, sir.

           Doktor Kahn opens the hearse’s back door for Azlon.  

                                 AZLON
                        I’ll tell him a tale.  Our boy, 
                        he’s a dim bulb at best.  He’ll 
                        never put the pieces together.  

           Azlon climbs in the hearse and slams the door closed.

                                                           DISSOLVE TO:

           INT. BLACK TOP - AZLON’S BED - NIGHT

           Naked under pomegranate-stained sheets, a sleeping Azlon 
           drapes his arm over the dead body of Edith Meers. 

           There are noises outside.  Azlon’s eyes flutter open.

           Azlon sits up, groggy.  He looks to his hand, where he’s 
           holding something: Sudsy’s tree branch.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUND - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Azlon climbs out of the back of the hearse and stands next to 
           Doktor Kahn.  He watches the Fiddler repeatedly slam his 
           fiddle case on Desmond’s bloody mess of a face.

                                 AZLON
                        That’s quite enough.  Save some 
                        strength for our boy Barnaby.

           The Fiddler stops immediately.  
                                 AZLON
                        There are plenty of pints of blood 
                        still to be spilled on this night.

           The Fiddler smiles.  A sick grin.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - EAST HILL - NIGHT

           Barnaby hides behind a giant angel statue.  He breathes 
           heavily.  He finally gets the courage to peek around the 
           statue to see who’s coming for him.

           While Doktor Kahn and Azlon stay behind with the hearse, the 
           Fiddler stalks closer.  Right towards the same hill.

           He knows his hiding spot won’t do.  He spots another one -- 
           the catacombs.  The staircase leads underground.  Perhaps 
           there’s a tunnel that leads out of the graveyard altogether.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - CATACOMBS - NIGHT

           Barnaby stays low, but runs towards the catacombs staircase. 

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - EAST HILL - NIGHT

           The Fiddler searches around the East hill for Barnaby.  In 
           the dark, he can just make out an outline of someone scurry 
           towards the catacombs.  A shirtless boy.  Must be Barnaby.

           INT. CATACOMBS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

           Although much smaller than the catacombs in Paris, these 
           catacombs share a similar style.  A staircase descends into a 
           grand chamber, where pillars hold up the ceilings.  

           Every inch of the walls has been lined with bones and skulls.  
           They are arranged so delicately that it’s almost artistic.  
           The bones create an outline of what seems to be the devil.

           The chamber is flooded, with icy water that looks black in 
           this little light.  After the staircase, the water starts at 
           two feet and gets as high as five in the center.

           As Barnaby wades through the water, he looks around at the 
           skulls on the walls.  It’s creepy, to say the least, but a 
           better alternative than enduring Azlon’s wrath.

           Barnaby finds that the catacombs are split into four smaller 
           chambers, labeled such things as the “Chamber of Antenora” 
           and the “Chamber of Judecca.”  
           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           Barnaby swims into the Chamber of Judecca.  To do so, he 
           pushes past several skeletal parts and floating fecal matter.

           INT. CATACOMBS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

           The Fiddler steps down the staircase.  He stops just before 
           the disgusting lake of water.

           He looks around the catacombs for any sign of Barnaby.  The 
           darkness makes it impossible to see anything more than a foot 
           or two away.

                                 THE FIDDLER 
                        No use hiding, boy.  It only makes 
                        things more fun for me.

           The Fiddler slides his fiddle case off his back.  

           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           Barnaby hides behind the chamber’s wall.  To stay out of 
           sight, he sinks his head low, although he keeps his mouth 
           above the water level, as it looks sewer level quality. 

                                 THE FIDDLER (O.S.)
                        And if you play nice, Azlon might 
                        bring your fat friend back.

           Barnaby manages to stay quiet, even as a skeletal foot 
           brushes by his chin.

                                 THE FIDDLER (O.S.)
                        If we can find all ‘is pieces.

           INT. CATACOMBS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

           The Fiddler opens his case, which has been cracked by now.  

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Azlon says you ain’t never ‘ad a 
                        daddy.  S’why you’re foolish and 
                        can’t follow rules.

           The Fiddler pulls out his bow.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        ‘Fore you go, I’m gonna teach you 
                        somethin’.  A song.  A lullaby that 
                        my daddy done sung for me.
           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           Barnaby pulls a pair of skeletons closer to himself, hoping 
           he might hide behind them.  

           The Fiddler’s tune starts.  Not a good sign.

           INT. CATACOMBS - MAIN CHAMBER - NIGHT

           The Fiddler wades through the water.  He holds his fiddle 
           above the murky water to play.  He sings to match the tune.

                                 THE FIDDLER 
                        Sheep play in the grass so 
                        merrily... 

           The Fiddler’s voice echoes through the catacomb chambers.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        But one ventures off quite 
                        daringly...  

           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           If Barnaby had any doubts about the Fiddler’s insanity 
           before, he’s convinced of it now.  

           He looks around.  There’s nowhere in the chamber to escape.  
           However, he does still have Azlon’s wand.  He fishes into his 
           pants and pulls it out.

                                 THE FIDDLER (O.S.)
                        When that sheep gets too far a-
                        way...

           INT. CATACOMBS - MAIN CHAMBER - NIGHT

           The Fiddler passes by the chambers.  He still isn’t close 
           enough to see much of anything, let alone Barnaby.

           He hears something -- splashing, coming from the Chamber of 
           Judecca.  He grins.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        It’s time for the wolves to play.

           The Fiddler slides his fiddle back into the case, which he 
           swings over his back.

           The bow, he keeps out.  As he approaches the chamber, he 
           clicks it into the jagged blade. 
           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           The Fiddler heads towards the splashing.  He reaches under 
           the water and rips someone up by the hair.

           Only, it’s not Barnaby.  It’s a WHITE-HAIRED MAN, resurrected 
           and doggy paddling for dear life.  The Fiddler studies the 
           scared old man with confusion.  Even in this little light, 
           it’s obvious that he’s got the wrong guy.  

           The Fiddler hears more splashing and shoots a look over.

           INT. CATACOMBS - MAIN CHAMBER - NIGHT

           The real Barnaby swims frantically for the exit.

           INT. CATACOMBS - CHAMBER OF JUDECCA - NIGHT

           The Fiddler grits his teeth, angry that he got duped.  He 
           picks up a floating bone near by and cracks it over the White-
           Haired Man’s head.  He splinters the man’s skull on impact, 
           but he delivers a few more blows just for the hell of it.

           Satisfied that the White-Haired Man’s dead once again, the 
           Fiddler swims after Barnaby.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Now you gone and done it, boy-o.  I 
                        ain’t gonna be as gentle with you.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - CATACOMBS - NIGHT

           A water-logged Barnaby runs up the catacomb steps.  There’s 
           no sign of Azlon anywhere.  He sprints for the West hill.

           The Fiddler emerges from the catacombs shortly after.  He’s 
           soaked in the black water’s grime and severely ticked off.  

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           As he nears the West hill, the Fiddler’s cold eyes shoot 
           around, looking for signs of Barnaby. 

           He hears rustling.  Someone’s walking, near a coffin.  Bingo.  
           He runs full tilt, his boots squishing in the grass.

           The shirtless young man flees, but the Fiddler catches up and 
           rips him to the ground.  It’s Jayce.

           Jayce is muddy and without his glasses or shirt.
                                 JAYCE
                        I... I’m sorry... I...

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        It’s time for the wolves to play, 
                        Barnaby.

                                 JAYCE
                        But, but... I’m not Barnaby...

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Don’t try to trick me again, boy-o.  
                        I ain’t good with names or faces.  
                        But this I do quite well.

           The Fiddler clicks his fiddle bow into the blade again.  With 
           one motion, he slams the bow deep into Jayce’s eye socket.

           INT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Azlon waits by the hearse with Doktor Kahn.  They can hear 
           the blood curdling screams.  These are the first screams that 
           cause Azlon to cover his ears.

           INT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           Barnaby, laying low about a hundred feet away, cringes at the 
           sound of Jayce’s screams.  The guilt reads on his face, but 
           he’s not prepared to take Jayce’s place.

           INT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - PARKING LOT - NIGHT

           Azlon and Doktor Kahn wait by the hearse, somber.

           A muddied Fiddler approaches.  His bow drips with blood.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Got ‘im.  Made a mess.

                                 AZLON
                        And my wand?

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        He didn’t have it on ‘im.

                                 AZLON
                        If he came here to find Delilah, he 
                        brought the wand with him.  I’ll 
                        find it myself if I must.

           Azlon looks between the Fiddler and Doktor Kahn.
                                 AZLON
                        The two of you return to the Black 
                        Top.  Look after everyone until I 
                        get back.  It’s been a long night.

                                 THE FIDDLER
                        Most fun I ‘ad in ages.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           Barnaby stays low, too scared to breathe.  He finally lets a 
           breath out when he sees the hearse exit the parking lot.

           Just before he stands up, he sees Azlon in the distance.  He 
           drops back to the ground.

           He looks around for help.  On this side of the hill, there 
           are no catacombs to hide in.  There’s only muddy grass, and a 
           river in the distance.  That’s his best bet.  He crawls 
           slowly towards the river.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           With his hands clasped behind his back, Azlon strolls through 
           the burial grounds.  He’s in no hurry.  His eyes comb every 
           bit of the grass for a sign of his wand.

           He comes to the body bag, and the freshly dead body behind 
           it.  He reluctantly approaches it.

                                 AZLON
                        Oh, Barnaby m’boy...

           Azlon flips the body over.  Even with the eyes gouged out and 
           the face frozen in fear, he knows it’s not Barnaby.

           Azlon snaps to his feet and looks around.  Only now, he’s not 
           looking for the wand.

                                 AZLON
                        Barnaby?  Where are you, boy?

           He pulls out his pistol in preparation.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUND - RIVER BANK - NIGHT

           Barnaby stays low, but hurries for the river.  He limps 
           along, as he’s been severely beaten up all night.
           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           Azlon roams the burial grounds, his pace much different than 
           before.  He’s frantic.

           He sees no sign of Barnaby, until he looks towards the river.  
           He spots someone in the distance, and aims his pistol at him.

           Azlon fires.  The shot rips into Barnaby’s leg and tears off 
           a chunk.  Barnaby manages to keep moving, although he’s 
           limping badly now.  He’s slowed down enough for Azlon to 
           square up and fire another shot, right into his back.

           Barnaby stumbles and plants face first into the ground.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUND - RIVER BANK - NIGHT

           The bullet wounds in Barnaby’s back and leg ooze blood.  He 
           doesn’t bother to escape.  He’s too exhausted to try.

           Azlon approaches.  He crouches down and helps Barnaby turn 
           onto his back.  

                                 AZLON
                        Oh, Barnaby, look at you... what 
                        happened to that sweet face of 
                        yours?  

           He examines Barnaby’s various injuries, including the ring of 
           tattered flesh around his neck.

                                 AZLON
                        Don’t fight too hard.  Don’t hang 
                        on to this life.

           Of particular interest to Azlon is his wand, which Barnaby 
           clutches in his mangled hand.  Azlon pries it away.

                                 AZLON
                        With this, I can bring you back and 
                        see that sweet face again.

           Azlon takes a seat on the soggy grass and props Barnaby up on 
           his lap.  He wipes grime and blood from Barnaby’s face.  

                                 AZLON
                        I hope you learned a lesson 
                        tonight.  To listen to those who 
                        know better.

                                 BARNABY
                        All I wanted was Delilah.
                                 AZLON
                        And I tried to give her to you, 
                        m’boy.  But Delilah wasn’t the girl 
                        you thought you was.  She was a 
                        whore in hiding.  Happens all the 
                        time with women her age.

           Moving a single muscle is difficult for Barnaby, but he 
           manages to furrow his eyebrows.

                                 BARNABY
                        What are you talking about?

                                 AZLON
                        She made a sport of you and then 
                        when she was through, she conspired 
                        to have you killed.

                                 BARNABY
                        That’s not true...

                                 AZLON
                        You act as if to doubt me.  There 
                        is little in this life that I do 
                        not know, Barnaby.

           Barnaby gathers his strength to sit up, to face Azlon.

                                 BARNABY
                        You’re lying.  You’ve lied to me 
                        this entire time.

                                 AZLON
                        To protect you, m’boy.  Surely even 
                        you can see that.  

                                 BARNABY
                        Tell me what you did with her.

                                 AZLON
                        I punished her for what she did to 
                        you.  I gave her to a trusted 
                        friend in town.  In turn, he’s 
                        given her to his customers.  The 
                        worst of the worst.

           As Azlon continues, tears well up in Barnaby’s eyes.

                                 AZLON
                        She’s not the Delilah you knew, not 
                        anymore.  Her beauty now matches 
                        the interior.  A mutilated 
                        creature, locked in a dungeon... 
                                 (MORE)
                                 AZLON (CONT'D)
                        Stubs for fingers, scars for 
                        skin...

           The description triggers a flash of recognition in Barnaby.  
           He did encounter Play-Thing in the Pound meat room.  He can’t 
           help the tears from trickling down his cheeks now.  He tries 
           to talk, but struggles to get out a sentence.

                                 BARNABY
                        There was a woman... She asked me 
                        to stay... I pushed her down the 
                        stairs...

           Barnaby wipes his tears away. 

                                 AZLON
                        Stop your sniveling, boy.  It’s 
                        unbecoming.  If I took the time to 
                        mourn every man I killed, I’d never 
                        stop weeping.

           Azlon pulls Barnaby’s hand away from his face so that he can 
           regain better eye contact.

                                 AZLON
                        You should be grateful that I’m 
                        willing to wipe the slate clean.  
                        To let you come back home.

                                 BARNABY
                        You don’t want me to work at the 
                        Black Top anymore...

                                 AZLON
                        Of course I do.  I’m not God.  I 
                        give second chances.

                                 BARNABY
                        No, I mean... you don’t want me to 
                        work at the Black Top, because if I 
                        did... I’d kill you in your sleep.

           Barnaby’s boldness stuns Azlon for a moment.  Azlon has to 
           look away to collect himself from the sting of it.

                                 AZLON
                        Don’t look at me like I’m the 
                        devil.  You and I, we aren’t so 
                        different, after all.  In fact, I 
                        did that very thing to the man who 
                        ran the Black Top before me.

           Azlon rubs his chin as he recalls it.
                                 AZLON
                        Only, the things he did to us, 
                        why... they made your night look 
                        like a nice evening out.

           He turns back to Barnaby, with a softening smile.  He runs 
           his knuckle across Barnaby’s cheeks in a loving manner.

                                 AZLON
                        In a way, I’m proud of you, m’boy.  
                        You’ve grown up.  Betraying the 
                        only man who’s ever cared about you 
                        -- that’s a wholly adult ambition.

           With his other hand, Azlon presses his pistol under Barnaby’s 
           chin.  His expression turns cold.

                                 AZLON
                        Unfortunately, it renders you 
                        rather useless to me.  

           Barnaby has seen this routine before, and knows how it ends.  
           He realizes that he doesn’t have the strength to fight Azlon 
           off, so he merely allows his eyes to well up with tears.

                                 BARNABY
                        Azlon...

                                 AZLON
                        Yes, m’boy?

                                 BARNABY
                        Don’t bring me back.  

           Barnaby’s eyes wander the graveyard.  It may be a flooded 
           swamp of a cemetery, but there’s a charm to its serenity.

                                 BARNABY
                        Let me rest here.  Everyone seems 
                        so peaceful.

           Azlon looks around, confused, as if the idea of resting in 
           peace never occurred to him.  He doesn’t see whatever Barnaby 
           does, but he turns back to him with a smile nonetheless. 

                                 AZLON
                        It’ll be hard to find another soul 
                        as sweet as yours, m’boy.  An 
                        idealist until the end.  Which for 
                        you, has been long overdue.

           Azlon has to look away again, but he manages to pull the 
           trigger.  Barnaby’s blood splatters onto his face.
           He doesn’t bother to wipe his face.  He lets the blood 
           trickle down his cheeks, in the way that tears would.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - NIGHT

           Azlon places Barnaby’s dead body into a coffin.  Although 
           it’s a struggle for him physically, he doesn’t simply dump it 
           inside.  He takes the time to lower it gingerly, with care.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - WEST HILL - DAWN

           The first rays of the sun rise over the horizon.  

           Sweat slides down Azlon’s forehead as he continues his burial 
           work.  His knees dig into the mud as he hovers over a swell 
           of land that presumably houses Barnaby’s coffin. 

           He doesn’t have the luxury of a shovel, so he has to cover 
           the grave with chunks of mud and sod by hand.  He pats the 
           mud down, aiming for it to hold true.

                                 ELENA (O.S.)
                        Baaarrrrnaby...

           Azlon stops.

                                 ELENA (O.S.) 
                        Baaarrrrnaby...

           Azlon glances back to the top of the hill, where he sees 
           Elena.  She heads towards him, which elicits a glare.

                                 AZLON
                        My dear girl, if I were you, I’d 
                        hurry to the exit now.  I’m not the 
                        type to appreciate an interruption.

           Elena’s eyes run over Azlon.  He’s not who she was looking 
           for, but he’ll do.  She continues down the hill.

           As Elena nears, Azlon props himself up with his cane, now 
           with the wand re-attached.  He stands back, in case she’s a 
           threat.  However, she simply stumbles to the ground right 
           next to Barnaby’s bulging grave.

                                 ELENA
                        It smells... so good...

           Azlon looks over this strange girl.  Her yellow eyes and 
           monstrous jaw have faded, but she still looks troubled.  She 
           twitches.  She fidgets. 
                                 AZLON
                        You’re not well, are you, m’dear?

                                 ELENA
                        No.  No, I’m not.  I think... I 
                        think I’m lost.

           Elena looks around the graveyard with some confusion now, as 
           if she’s just recovered from a blackout.  The sight of her 
           struggling makes Azlon smile.  He steps closer to her.

                                 AZLON
                        You’re lucky you found me then.  

           Elena twists back to Azlon and studies his face.  After all 
           this time looking for God, maybe she’s finally found him.

                                 ELENA
                        Who are you?  Are you --

                                 AZLON
                        M’dear, I know what you’re 
                        thinking, but I’m not God.  

           Azlon holds his hand out to her, offering to help her up.

                                 AZLON
                        I’m greater than God.  I give 
                        second chances.

           The words spark recognition in Elena.  A second chance is 
           just what she needs.  

           She looks up at him, her eyes welling with tears.  She takes 
           his hand and allows him to help her back to her feet.

           Azlon fails to notice how bony Elena’s hands are.  Or the 
           fact that they’re starting to resemble claws.

           EXT. RIVERSFIELD BURIAL GROUNDS - RIVER BANK - DAWN

           There’s a ferocious growl.  And then another.

           Something rolls down the hill, leaving a trail of blood 
           behind it.  The object stops at the edge of the river.

           It’s Azlon’s wand.  And his severed hand attached to it.

                                                              FADE OUT.
           EXT. MORTECITA SUBURBS - DAY

           Back in the sleepy suburbs, SUBURBANITES pour out of their 
           homes to work on their lawns and fill up their minivans.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        When the darkness dies, the world 
                        turns back over to the good people, 
                        the happy people.

           EXT. STREETS OF MORTECITA - DAY

           The streets are clogged full of BUSINESSMEN, chattering on 
           their way to work.  There are no signs of the Harajuku-
           inspired Youth who lurked around before.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        The monsters go back to hiding...

           They pass by the boarded-up Pound without a second glance.  
           With its flickering lights turned off and no Bouncers in 
           sight, the club easily blends into the background.

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - NIGHT

           The Bouncers scrub the meat room floor clean of all the blood 
           and guts leftover from the night before.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        Waiting...

           The Handmaiden paces back and forth, overseeing them all.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        For they know, that soon enough...

           INT. THE POUND - MEAT ROOM - GLASS CAGE - NIGHT

           Crammed inside one of the glass cages, Lady Liberty watches 
           with a miserable look on his face.  He holds his nose, which 
           has been torn to shreds.  His face is battered badly.  The 
           only thing that remains is the hateful fire in his eyes.

                                 LADY LIBERTY (V.O.)
                        It will be their turn again.

                                                         FADE TO BLACK.
