                                       SHUT IN

                                         by
                                  Christina Hodson

          christina.hodson@gmail.com
           EXT. THE HOUSE, FRONT YARD - LATE AFTERNOON

           The sun is shining on a balmy late summer’s day. MARY (35) is 
           tending to the front yard of her large family home in coastal 
           New England. She is a natural beauty and, with her hands in 
           the soil, she looks relaxed and happy. 

           The property is isolated, set back from the road by a long 
           drive surrounded by fir trees. Mary is at least 100 yards 
           away from the house and only just catches the sound of the 
           phone ringing inside. Unhurried she stands up and strolls 
           toward the house. 

           INT. THE HOUSE, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary enters, leaving the front door open behind her. As she 
           heads for the phone in the kitchen, we continue to move 
           freely through the house, hearing snatches of her 
           conversation.

                                 MARY (O.C.)
                        ...It looks like you weren’t the 
                        only one trying to get hold of me. 
                        It’s so beautiful out... They left 
                        a few hours ago... 

           The house is bright, and warm, full of light thanks to the 
           skylights in the kitchen and the open design. The upstairs is 
           linked to the downstairs by a balcony and the rooms 
           downstairs are mostly open plan, surrounding the staircase in 
           the middle. 

                                 MARY (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        No, Richard took him on his own. 
                        Stephen wouldn’t even speak to me 
                        this morning. I think it just would 
                        have made it harder on everyone... 

           The walls are covered with photos of Mary and her husband, 
           RICHARD, going back to when they were just teenagers. A 
           college graduation photo shows them both in mortar boards, 
           Mary with a prominent baby bump, Richard kissing her cheek. 

           Other photos show the arrival of baby STEPHEN. They are a 
           beautiful family. More recent photos show Stephen growing up, 
           a serious boy with his mother’s eyes. In the most recent 
           photos he is 15 years old.

                                 MARY (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        No, I know. I know... That’s what 
                        Richard keeps telling me... No, 
                        you’re right. It’s the right thing 
                        to do. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MARY (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Who are we kidding, it’s not like 
                        we had much choice after he got 
                        expelled from St Paul’s... Besides, 
                        it’s a great school and he’ll be 
                        home at Christmas.

           Eventually we find our way to the kitchen where Mary is on 
           the phone, now with a glass of wine in hand. The voicemail 
           light is flashing.

                                 MARY (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        I’m okay. I’ll be okay... To tell 
                        you the truth I’m kind of excited 
                        to have some time off. Does that 
                        make me a terrible mother?... 
                             (laughing)
                        We absolutely should!.. I’d love 
                        that... Thanks for checking in on 
                        me... Let’s get lunch this week... 
                        Okay, great. Bye. 

           Mary hangs up the phone and absent mindedly clicks PLAY on 
           the answering machine before moving over to open the fridge. 

                                 ANSWERING MACHINE
                        First new message.
                             (a man’s voice)
                        My name is Andrew Wiseman. I’m  
                        calling from Mercy Hospital for a 
                        Mary Portman? Please call us 
                        immediately on 207-662-0111. I’m 
                        afraid there’s been an accident.
                             (automated voice)
                        Next new message.

           Mary staggers away from the fridge and lunges for the phone, 
           stumbling with the handset. The machine keeps rolling.

                                 ANSWERING MACHINE (CONT’D)
                             (same man’s voice)
                        Mrs Portman, this is Andrew Wiseman 
                        calling again from Mercy 
                        Hospital...

           As Mary’s world begins to fall apart we move out through the 
           big kitchen window. Outside the sun has just dipped below the 
           tree line and it is starting to get cool. 

                                 ANSWERING MACHINE (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        ...please call us urgently. Again, 
                        our number is 207-662-0111. Your 
                        son is in critical condition...

           The sound of the answering machine fades out. 
           Lifting up above the trees, we see the faint glimmer of red 
           and blue lights approaching the house.

           TITLE: FOUR YEARS LATER

           INT. THE HOUSE - EARLY MORNING

           It is winter outside as we move once again through the house. 
           The warmth has left the building and the place is starting to 
           look a little outdated, rundown. 

           We move through the downstairs, exploring the kitchen, the 
           family room, the never-used dining room. A room off to one 
           side remains closed, as does the door to the basement at the 
           bottom of a flight of stairs. 

           Small ramps have been installed wherever there is a step 
           between rooms and there are scuff marks from a wheelchair on 
           the wallpaper that could do with being replaced anyway. 

           Through the window, the dawn air is cold and clean and the 
           snow on the drive is unploughed. 

           Moving up the stairs and along the balcony, we enter Mary’s 
           room and see her lying in bed awake. 

           Now in her late thirties, Mary is still beautiful but, much 
           like the house, she looks tired and a little worn around the 
           edges.  

           She moves to get up out of bed just as the ALARM goes off. 
           She silences it immediately. 

           Throughout the ensuing routine her movements suggest total 
           familiarity. She could do this blindfolded. She doesn’t have 
           time to feel weary or hard done by, this is just how it is. 

           She walks from the bedroom, down the hallway to the shabby 
           little upstairs bathroom. 

           Barely taking a moment to look at herself in the mirror she 
           begins brushing her teeth.

           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Now dressed in jeans and a thick knit jumper, Mary enters the 
           kitchen. Again, her movements are mechanical and efficient, 
           the result of repetition and routine. 

           She flips a switch on the coffee machine and raises the 
           enameled lids on a big old-fashioned wood-burning stove. 
           The cooking plates remain hot and she puts a pot of oatmeal 
           on to cook before throwing in a few extra logs for good 
           measure. 

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - A MOMENT LATER

           Mary opens the door into total darkness and finds her way 
           easily to the window. She draws open the heavy curtains to 
           let in cold white morning light. 

           Turning, we see a figure lying stretched out neatly in the 
           bed. This is STEPHEN, now 19 years old. He still has his 
           mother’s lovely blue eyes but now they are cold and empty.

           His skin is very pale and his limbs are thin. Despite this he 
           is strangely beautiful. Like a doll or a cadaver. 

                                 MARY
                        Wakey wakey rise and shine.

           Mary’s voice is flat, as though she talks more out of habit 
           than anything else.

           She pulls the sheets back and opens Stephen’s nightshirt. 
           From beside the bed she takes a clunky electronic muscle 
           stimulator (EMS) unit, similar to the ones that TV shopping 
           networks promise will give you perfect abs with no effort. 
           She begins attaching it to Stephen’s arms and chest. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Time for your work out. 

           She flips a switch and the machine clicks into action, 
           pulsing current through Stephen’s inert muscles.

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - LATER THAT MORNING

           Mary’s morning routine continues but now the EMS is attached 
           to Stephen’s legs and he is propped up in bed. 

           Mary plucks two prescription pill bottles from a neat array 
           on Stephen’s bedside table. She opens Stephen’s mouth and 
           places the pills at the back of his throat, lubricating his 
           mouth with water and then gently rubbing his throat until 
           there is a swallow reflex.  

           Then she takes a bowl of oatmeal and painstakingly spoon 
           feeds her grown son. 

           Stephen’s eyes remain vacant, staring ahead of him, but he is 
           able to eat, albeit messily. 
           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Stephen is now dressed neatly lying on the bed. Using all her 
           strength, Mary maneuvers Stephen into a wheelchair: shifting 
           his legs into position, then hoisting him under the armpits. 

           The exertion takes its toll: Mary is strong and lean but 
           Stephen is not a boy any more and the daily ritual is 
           exhausting. 

           Finally ready, Mary pushes Stephen’s wheelchair out of the 
           bedroom and into the living area. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary wheels Stephen over to a worn patch of carpet in front 
           of the big windows overlooking the drive. 

           She clicks on a TV but leaves the volume low, as if only to 
           break the silence.

           With Stephen all set up, Mary walks towards the door and 
           takes a few seconds to look at her own face in the mirror. 

           She pulls back her long dark hair and applies a quick dab of 
           blusher on each cheek. The touch of color is enough to remind 
           us that she is still beautiful.

           Her coat and boots are ready for her by the door. She slips 
           them on without doing either up and opens the front door. 

           EXT. THE HOUSE, FRONT DOOR - CONTINUOUS

           The air is cold and bright from the snow as Mary steps out. 
           With a final look at the back of Stephen’s head, she closes 
           the door behind her. 

           She breathes in deep lungfuls of fresh air before taking a 
           few steps to her left and opening the door to an extension of 
           her own house. 

           This is Mary’s commute. The two room extension serves as 
           Mary’s clinic and a discreet sign on the door displays: “Mary 
           Portman, Clinical Psychologist”. 

           INT. MARY’S OFFICE - DAY

           Mary is mid-way through a session with a patient. MRS 
           HARTFORD is a plump middle aged woman with a bad haircut and 
           ill-fitting jeans.  
                                 MRS HARTFORD
                        And now she’s pregnant again and 
                        what? I’m supposed to take care of 
                        another grandchild? She’s making 
                        all the same mistakes I made when I 
                        was her age and it feels like 
                        there’s nothing I can do to stop 
                        her. 

                                 MARY
                        Has she asked you to take care of 
                        the child?

                                 MRS HARTFORD
                        She doesn’t have to. Who else is 
                        going to do it? She barely even 
                        sees Jack. I do everything. 
                        Sometimes I wonder what is going to 
                        become of these children.

           Mary nods sadly. 

                                 MRS HARTFORD (CONT’D)
                        Did you hear about this runaway kid 
                        in the paper today?

           Mary cocks her head inquisitively. In response Mrs Hartford 
           pulls out a folded local newspaper from her handbag. 

           It is a paltry looking publication filled with small town 
           news. On the cover is photo of a young BOY.

                                 MRS HARTFORD (CONT’D)
                        Seven years old. Been in and out of  
                        foster care his whole life. And now 
                        he’s run away, missing. Seven years 
                        old. Out in the snow. It’s a 
                        tragedy.
                             (she shakes her head)
                        In this weather. Can you imagine?

           Mary looks out the window at the snow-covered trees. She sees 
           a car pulling into the drive. 

           Looking quickly down at her watch she is grateful to find 
           that the hour is almost over. 

           INT. WAITING ROOM OUTSIDE MARY’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON

           Mary re-enters the extension, stepping into the warmth of the 
           waiting area from the cold outside. 
           A slim woman with a mass of curly hair, LUCY (30s) is 
           standing behind a small desk, filing papers. She has a kind 
           face and her affection for Mary is obvious.

                                 MARY
                        You’re a life saver. That was 
                        delicious. I had no idea what I was 
                        going to make him for lunch.

           Lucy waves it off.

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Seriously, Lucy, I don’t know what 
                        I would do without you. Thank you. 

                                 LUCY
                        Before I forget, I filed Mrs 
                        Hartford’s papers and faxed that 
                        information over to her doctor. 

           Mary rolls her eyes as if to say, “How did I forget that?” 

           She sits down in an armchair and opens up the local paper 
           left behind by Mrs Hartford.

           She looks once again at the picture of the missing boy on the 
           front page. His face is solemn, his eyes old beyond their 
           years.

           She is moved by the image, her finger tracing the soft line 
           of his cheek.

                                 MARY
                        This poor kid. No family and now no 
                        roof over his head. 

                                 LUCY
                        I know. I dread to think what’s 
                        happened to him. It’s so cold out 
                        I’d be amazed if he isn’t dead 
                        already. 

                                 MARY
                        Oh Lucy, don’t say that. 

                                 LUCY
                        I’m serious. It’s below zero out 
                        there and there’s a storm coming in 
                        at the end of the week. Speaking of 
                        which, do you need me to get you 
                        extra supplies? We’re stocking up 
                        now before people start panicking 
                        and raiding the stores.
           Mary is distracted, still looking at the face of the young 
           boy in the paper. 

                                 MARY
                        Sure. That’d be great.  

           Lucy is clearing papers from the desk. She finds a brochure 
           for WILLOWBROOK ADULT CARE HOME along with a letter addressed 
           to Mary in regards to Stephen. 

                                 LUCY
                        Mar, is this..? Are you finally 
                        moving Stephen to Willowbrook?

           Mary snaps out of her daze and looks at her friend. She gives 
           a sort of defeated shrug.

                                 MARY
                        I was going to tell you last week. 
                        I just can’t do it anymore, Luce. 

           Lucy moves around the desk and takes Mary in her arms. 

                                 LUCY
                        I think it’s wonderful. I know I’ve 
                        been on your case about this for a 
                        long time but I really do think 
                        it’s for the best. 

           Mary gives a half shrug, half smile. It’s hard for her to 
           talk about this. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        You have been taking care of 
                        Stephen on your own since Richard 
                        died. It’s too much for you. You’ll 
                        both be better off if he’s in a 
                        care home. You can’t go on like 
                        this forever Mary. I know how hard 
                        this decision’s been but you know 
                        better than anyone that Stephen’s 
                        not getting better. Your life’s 
                        disappearing before your eyes. When 
                        was the last time you left this 
                        place for more than an hour?

                                 MARY
                        I can’t just leave him.

                                 LUCY
                        That’s what I’m talking about. 
                        You’ve given up your whole life for 
                        him and I just... 
           Mary is getting emotional. Lucy doesn’t want to push it. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        I just want you to be happy Mar. 
                        You deserve that. You have been 
                        such a wonderful mother but it’s 
                        time for you to be free. 

           Lucy pulls Mary into another embrace. Mary lets a tear escape 
           but laughs it off. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        It’s not like you’re pulling the 
                        plug on him! He’ll be in great 
                        hands and you can go see him 
                        whenever you want to. But at least 
                        you can live again. While you’re 
                        still young. And hot!

           Mary pushes her off playfully and they laugh as Mary wipes 
           her eyes.

           EXT. BETWEEN THE HOUSE AND THE EXTENSION - EVENING

           Evening has fallen and it is bitterly cold as Mary and Lucy 
           say goodbye outside the house. Lucy has the garage door open 
           and is backing out of the drive. She shouts out the window to 
           Mary.

                                 LUCY
                        I’ll see you Tuesday and I’ll pick 
                        up Stephen’s pills from the 
                        pharmacy. 

                                 MARY
                        Thanks Luce. Appreciate it. Drive 
                        safe.

           Lucy drives off and Mary enters the house. 

           INT. DOWNSTAIRS, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           The lights are low in the house but it is warm and welcoming. 
           Stephen remains seated in his wheelchair just as Mary left 
           him. 

           Mary begins her evening routine with the same mechanical 
           familiarity as her morning routine. 

           She removes her coat and boots and hangs them by the door. 
           She pulls open the fridge and takes out a casserole, placing 
           it on the range before throwing in another couple of logs.
           She lifts the lid of the casserole. 

                                 MARY
                        Thank god for Lucy.

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - LATER

           Mary spoon feeds Stephen a bowl of soup, blowing on each 
           mouthful. He wears a bib around his neck and he dribbles like 
           a baby. 

           Under the blanket laid in his lap, Stephen’s legs are hooked 
           up to the EMS machine again. The indicator light flashes like 
           a pulse.

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - LATER

           Mary is sitting on a stool, bathing Stephen in the tub. 

           The bath is only half full and she uses a jug to pour water 
           over his head like a child. Stephen sits inert as Mary washes 
           him with a soapy washcloth. 

           Suddenly his leg spasms, splashing water out of the tub. Ever 
           patient, Mary rubs the leg gently, massaging the muscles as 
           she lowers it back into the water.

           She leans over him to clean the far side of his body. They 
           are physically very close. 

           When she is done rinsing under his arm she looks down and 
           notices that Stephen is aroused. If anything the sight of her 
           grown son’s erection seems to make her sad. 

           She pulls the plug on the bath and lets the water get lower 
           before hoisting Stephen out of the tub. She helps him into 
           his waiting towel-lined wheelchair and starts drying him 
           down.

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, DOWNSTAIRS - LATER

           Clean and dry, Stephen is propped up in bed. Mary picks up 
           another selection of prescription bottles, including 
           bezodiazepine sleeping pills. 

           She helps Stephen to swallow the medication just as she did 
           in the morning. 

           Carefully she moves the pillows and lies Stephen down, 
           closing his eyes gently with her hand. 
           She pulls up an extra blanket from the end of the bed and 
           tucks him in tightly, making sure he’s warm and safe. 

           Picking up a mug of hot tea from the bedside table she moves 
           to leave. She pauses as she gets to the door, looking back 
           before turning off the light. 

                                 MARY
                             (quietly, and without 
                              conviction)
                        Good night.

           Mary closes the door behind her and moves back through the 
           family area and the kitchen, turning off lights as she goes. 

           The house is big and old. The snow outside creaks and the 
           wind whistles in the chimney but Mary pays no notice as she 
           ascends the staircase in the dark. 

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary is soaking in the tub, trying to absorb a moment of 
           peace and quiet with her cup of tea beside her. 

           She looks down at her wet limbs, admiring, critical, curious. 
           Her arms are long and muscular from all the lifting. 

           She leans back and closes her eyes. The tap drips quietly and 
           the wind blows outside the bathroom window. 

           There is a faint scratching noise somewhere within the house. 

           Mary opens her eyes, unafraid but listening. 

           She hears it again. 

           It could be a mouse in the walls. Or a branch blowing against 
           the side of the house. 

           She closes her eyes. 

           Then she hears a different sound that makes her eyes flick 
           open.

           A low drone that sounds like it could be a person moaning. 

           Mary gets out of the bath and pulls on a bathrobe. 

           INT. DOWNSTAIRS, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary opens the bathroom door onto the balcony upstairs, 
           letting light spill into the darkened house.
           The moaning noise has stopped and in its place is the usual 
           concert of nocturnal sounds in a big house.

           She pads down the stairs softly in her robe and slippers. 
           Without turning on any lights, finds her way towards 
           Stephen’s room. 

           The big glass windows are uncovered as Mary passes by. Her 
           movements are reflected against the darkness outside.

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           She opens the door to Stephen’s room quietly and peers into 
           the darkness. Even in the dim light she can see Stephen lying 
           in bed. 

           She waits a moment until, reassured that he is alright, she 
           closes the door again. 

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary is giving Stephen a bath but everything seems slightly 
           different. 

           The decor looks a little less shabby, the light a little 
           warmer, and now the tub is full of steaming hot water. 

           Mary washes Stephen tenderly, singing to him under her 
           breath. It is a scene of maternal love and Mary almost glows 
           as she smiles down at her son. 

           Cradling the back of his head in her hand, Mary lowers 
           Stephen back into the water. She takes him lower, and lower, 
           until the water comes over his face and he is fully 
           submerged. 

           She continues to hum and look down at him lovingly. 

           Stephen’s beautiful blue eyes remain open, staring vacantly 
           through the water at the ceiling. 

           For a moment, all is still. 

           Suddenly, Stephen’s eyes dart over to make eye contact with 
           his mother. 

           She continues to sing and smile down at him. She holds him 
           down firmly as his look turns to fear and he struggles to sit 
           up.
           His thrashing becomes wild as he starts to drown.

                                                          SMASH CUT TO:

           INT. MARY’S BEDROOM, UPSTAIRS - DAWN

           Mary’s eyes flick wide open. 

           The nightmare has shaken her but she is not panicked or 
           confused. 

           Something in the weariness of her face tells us that this is 
           not the first time she’s had dreams like this. 

           She rubs her brow as if to rid her mind of such thoughts 
           before getting out of bed to begin her morning routine. 

           The alarm RINGS as she stands but her hand is there to 
           silence it before it has a chance.

           INT. WAITING ROOM OUTSIDE MARY’S OFFICE - DAY

           Mary is alone in the office, sitting behind the desk in the 
           waiting room. 

           She looks tired and holds her brow between her fingers, 
           propping herself up. Her head throbs. 

                                 MARY
                             (into the phone)
                        I’d love to speak with him today if 
                        he has time... I understand. If you 
                        could just tell him that it’s Mary 
                        Portman... Yes. I’m a patient of 
                        his... No, I need a video 
                        appointment... 

           Mary sits back, frustrated, as she is put on hold. 

           Out of the corner of her eye she sees a station wagon pulling 
           up in the drive. 

           A teenaged boy, AARON (16) gets out of the passenger side and 
           slams the door closed with unnecessary force. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        ...Yes, that works. That’s 
                        perfect... Thank you so much... 
                        Yes, I’m on the same skype 
                        address... I’ll be waiting for his 
                        call... Thank you. 
           Relieved, Mary hangs up the phone and stands to look out the 
           window. 

           She seems disappointed to see the station wagon drive off, 
           but she straightens herself out as she sees Aaron approaching 
           her office door.

           INT. MARY’S OFFICE - DAY

           Mary is coming to the end of a session with Aaron. 

           At sixteen, Aaron is a fairly typical messed-up teenager. His 
           hair is long, his clothes deliberately oversized and grungy.

           He sits indian-style in the armchair, mid-rant.

                                 AARON
                        Don’t you see how fucked up that 
                        is? The kid’s been bouncing around 
                        foster homes for half a decade but 
                        no one gave a fuck then. Now 
                        suddenly the whole fucking town’s 
                        decided it’s time to give a fuck? 
                        They’re all a bunch of fucking 
                        hypocrites. Do you know how many 
                        children run away and go missing 
                        every year in the United States 
                        alone? 

                                 MARY
                        Aaron, I’m afraid that’s the end of 
                        our time for today. 

                                 AARON
                        Whatever. Sure. Thanks a lot.

           Aaron stands sulkily and moves toward the door. Mary is 
           unmoved by his behavior. 

                                 MARY
                        Is your dad coming to pick you up?

           Aaron has already opened the door and passed through into the 
           waiting room. He makes an affirmative grunt.

           Mary quickly reaches into a purse beside her chair and 
           applies lipstick in a small mirror. 

           Suddenly self-conscious she tries to blot it off on her hand. 

           She pulls out her hair clip and shakes down her hair before 
           muttering to herself nervously and immediately clipping it 
           back up. 
           EXT. BETWEEN THE HOUSE AND THE EXTENSION - LATE AFTERNOON

           Mary says goodbye to Aaron just outside the office door. She  
           stands in the snow, arms crossed to keep warm. 

           Aaron barely acknowledges her before skulking over to the 
           station wagon. 

           The driver, Aaron’s father DOUG (42) is already out the car 
           and heading towards Mary. 

           When Aaron breezes past him, Doug makes a face at him as if 
           to say, “Really?” but Aaron ignores him and climbs into the 
           car. 

           Doug watches him go but then turns and walks over to Mary. 

           He is ruggedly handsome and has a winning smile that he 
           flashes at Mary now. 

           He clearly has a soft spot for Mary, and as awkward and new 
           to this as she may be, the feeling is mutual.

                                 DOUG
                             (jokingly)
                        Teenagers, huh?

           Mary chuckles. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                        How’s he doing? Does he hate me 
                        more or less than the rest of the 
                        world today?

                                 MARY
                        Aaron’s a good kid. He’s just going 
                        through a rough time with the move 
                        and the divorce. He’ll get through 
                        it. 

                                 DOUG
                        Sometimes it’s hard to remember 
                        that he was just a cute little kid 
                        who liked throwing a ball around 
                        with his dad a few years ago. He’s 
                        so angry all the time. 

                                 MARY
                        He’s at a difficult age. He’ll get 
                        through it. 

                                 DOUG
                        Let’s just hope I do! I’m public 
                        enemy number one these days. 
           Doug glances back at his son waiting for him in the car. He 
           doesn’t want the conversation to be over yet. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                        Did you hear about the storm coming 
                        in? They think it’s going to be a 
                        big one. 

                                 MARY
                        I heard.

                                 DOUG
                        You know you really shouldn’t be up 
                        here all alone if it turns into an 
                        ice storm. We could be without 
                        power for at least a couple of 
                        days. Aaron and I were thinking of 
                        moving into one of the hotels in 
                        town to ride it out if you want 
                        company. Maybe I could take you to 
                        dinn-

                                 MARY
                             (before he can finish)
                        I’ll be fine. We’ll be fine. I’ve 
                        got my...

           Mary gestures towards the front door behind her. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        My son’s sick. I can’t really move 
                        him. 

           Doug is thrown for a loop.

                                 DOUG
                        Oh. I’m sorry to hear that. Wow. I 
                        didn’t know you had kids. How old 
                        is he?

           Mary is getting increasingly uncomfortable. 

                                 MARY
                        He’s nineteen. Stephen’s nineteen.
                             (off Doug’s reaction)
                        We had him when we were right out 
                        of college. 

                                 DOUG
                        But you’re not...? 

           Doug awkwardly raises his left hand to ask if she is married. 
                                 MARY
                        Married? No. I was. My husband 
                        actually passed away a few years 
                        ago. So it’s just me and Stephen 
                        now. 

           There is a moment of uncomfortable silence as Doug wonders 
           how to recover from this. 

                                 DOUG
                        Well maybe one night we could all 
                        get dinner. The four of us. You, 
                        me, and our angry teenagers.

           Doug laughs at his joke. He’s not very good at flirting. 

           Mary is upset, confused, embarrassed. She doesn’t quite know 
           what to say. She puts her hand on the door to the house 
           behind her and starts to open it, wanting to get out of this 
           conversation. 

                                 MARY
                        That wouldn’t really be 
                        appropriate. Aaron’s my patient. 
                        And he’s waiting for you so you 
                        should probably go.

                                 DOUG
                        Sure. Of course. Sorry, I was just. 
                        Okay, well, thank you. And goodbye. 
                        I hope your son feels better. 

           Mary doesn’t say anything in response. She opens the door and 
           steps inside the house. 

           Over her shoulder Doug glances into house and sees Stephen 
           from behind, sitting in his wheelchair, just before Mary 
           closes the door. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                             (under his breath to 
                              himself)
                        Shit.

           He walks back towards the car, embarrassed and annoyed.

           INT. FRONT HALL, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary has just closed the front door behind her. She too is 
           feeling embarrassed and annoyed. She kicks the door with the 
           back of her foot.
                                 MARY
                        Shit.

           She shakes her head, wishing that she’d handled that 
           differently. She is frustrated. 

           Then she looks up and sees her son waiting for her in his 
           wheelchair. Her face is suddenly awash with guilt, exhaustion 
           and frustration. This is her life. 

           INT. DEN, DOWNSTAIRS - EVENING

           Mary is sitting in the den, a small boxy room just off the 
           main living space and adjacent to Stephen’s bedroom. She has 
           put the door to, without closing it, and is sitting at a 
           cluttered desk in front of an old desktop computer, waiting. 

           She checks the clock on the wall. It is six o’clock. Mary 
           seems anxious. 

           Suddenly the computer comes to life as a Skype call comes 
           through from a DR WILSON, ringing loudly. Mary clicks ACCEPT 
           immediately. 

           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - EVENING

           Dr Wilson (50s), a kindly but serious academic with a beard, 
           is sitting before his (much newer) computer screen. His 
           office is impressive: full of dark wood, books, expensive 
           rugs and leather chairs. 

           He adjusts his collar as the call with Mary connects and her 
           face appears on screen before him. 

                           MARY
                                                        DR WILSON
           Dr. Wilson. Hi!
                                              Hello Mary. 

           INTERCUT WITH MARY IN HER OFFICE.

           Mary adjusts the webcam on her outdated computer and pushes 
           her hair behind her ears when she sees herself in the little 
           window on screen. 

                                 MARY
                        Thank you so much for squeezing me 
                        in today Dr Wilson. I really 
                        appreciate it. I know it’s been a 
                        while. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        It has. I was surprised to hear 
                        from you. How are you doing?
                                 MARY
                        I’m good. I’m fine. I’m okay. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        And Stephen?

           Mary glances towards the door. She looks through the crack 
           where she can see a sliver of Stephen’s wheelchair. 

           Without looking back up at Dr Wilson, she shakes her head. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                             (nodding in understanding)
                        Still no change. 

           Mary is too ashamed to lift her head and make eye contact. 

                                 MARY
                        I’m moving Stephen into a home next 
                        month.

           Mary waits for some reaction from Dr Wilson. He in turn waits 
           for her to look up. When she does, she has tears running down 
           her cheeks. She gives him a nervous, questioning smile 
           through the tears. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        I think it’s time. 

           She wipes her cheek with the palm of her hand and stands for 
           a moment to push the door fully closed. 

           INT. THE DEN, DOWNSTAIRS - LATER

           Mary and Dr Wilson are still chatting over Skype. She is more 
           composed now, talking fluidly. 

                                 MARY
                        It’s not even that I can’t manage 
                        the work. I mean, I could do it in 
                        my sleep. It’s that I don’t know 
                        why anymore. I don’t know why I’m 
                        doing it. Who am I doing it for? 
                        He’s gone. He’s not coming back. I 
                        kept waiting and waiting for him to 
                        wake up. To talk to me again. But I 
                        don’t even know what he would say 
                        if he could speak. I’m the one who 
                        sent him away. I’m the reason he 
                        was in the car in the first place. 
                        I’ve spent four years trying to 
                        atone for this guilt that I feel as 
                        a mother. Making myself a martyr. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MARY (CONT'D)
                        Locking myself off from the rest of 
                        the world. But I’m not doing it for 
                        him. I’m doing it for myself. And I 
                        need to stop it.

                                 DR WILSON
                        You know Mary, self-awareness can 
                        be a blessing an a curse. You’re a 
                        wonderful psychologist but you 
                        cannot be your own patient. I think 
                        you’re right to question your 
                        actions, your seclusion, your self-
                        sacrifice. But you also need to see 
                        the good in what you’ve done. You 
                        can’t write off these years as pure 
                        selfishness. You’re a good mother, 
                        Mary. You have to remember that 
                        too. 

                                 MARY
                        Then why are the dreams back?

                                 DR WILSON
                        Now Mary. We talked about this 
                        before. Your dreams of hurting 
                        Stephen, no matter how vivid or 
                        cruel, cannot undo any of the good 
                        you are doing. It’s understandable 
                        that the dreams are back. You’re 
                        about to go through a big change. 
                        The depression may have lifted but 
                        this time of transition is not 
                        going to be easy and you may need 
                        help getting through it. 

                                 MARY
                        I don’t want to be on those pills 
                        again. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        And you may not need to be. Let’s 
                        just run your blood work and we can 
                        talk later about whether or not you 
                        need something to help you through 
                        this period. 

                                 MARY
                        Okay.

                                 DR WILSON
                        I’m pleased you called me Mary. You 
                        shouldn’t go through this alone. 
                        You’re doing the right thing. For 
                        both of you. 
           Mary nods, quietly, steeling herself for what is to come.

           INT. DOWNSTAIRS, THE HOUSE - DAY

           The sun is shining outside and through the skylights in the 
           main living area of the house the sky is blue and clear. 

           Someone is knocking at the front door. Stephen sits alone in 
           his wheelchair, in the main living area. 

           EXT. THE HOUSE, FRONT DOOR - SAME

           A young West Indian nurse, GRACE (20s), is waiting on the 
           doorstep. Her car, parked in the drive, bears the logo: MCA 
           LabTech. 

           Not getting any response at the door, she peers through the 
           small glass window beside it and catches sight of Stephen in 
           his wheelchair. 

                                 GRACE
                             (calling through the 
                              glass)
                        Hallo?

           No response. 

           Suddenly the door is thrown open by Mary, somewhat 
           dishevelled like she has just woken up. 

                                 MARY
                        Hi. Sorry. I was upstairs. Come in. 
                        Come in. 

           Mary shakes her head as if to get rid of the cobwebs. She 
           feels unusually tired.

           Grace shows herself in, looking around the big house as she 
           takes off her coat. She makes a bee-line for Stephen. 

                                 GRACE
                             (with her hand on his 
                              shoulder)
                        So what we doing for this young man 
                        today then?

                                 MARY
                        Actually, it’s me. I just need to 
                        get some blood work done. 

           Grace, unimpressed, looks from wheelchair-bound Stephen to 
           Mary. 
                                 GRACE
                        And what’s wrong with you?

                                 MARY
                             (confused, defensive)
                        Nothing. I’m fine. 

                                 GRACE
                        Then why you not take yourself to 
                        the doctors.

                                 MARY
                        I don’t like to leave him. Alone. I 
                        try not to leave the house. 

           Grace has pulled up a chair next to the sofa and pushes Mary 
           into sitting as she sits down herself and starts pulling out 
           syringes, vials, gloves. 

                                 GRACE
                             (gesturing back at 
                              Stephen)
                        He born like that?

                                 MARY
                             (not wanting to talk)
                        Car accident. 

                                 GRACE
                        Shame. Handsome boy. Got your eyes. 
                        He don’t talk none?

                                 MARY
                        No.

                                 GRACE
                        Don’t understand nothing?

           Mary shakes her head.

                                 GRACE (CONT’D)
                        You take care of him on your own?

                                 MARY
                        For now. 

           Grace has wrapped a blood pressure strap around Mary’s arm 
           and is pumping it up. She reads the results. 

                                 GRACE
                             (raising her eyebrows)
                        Blood pressure too high for a woman 
                        your age. 
           She looks at Grace, sympathetic for a moment. She takes in 
           the dark circles under her eyes.

                                 GRACE (CONT’D)
                        Looks like you need to take a 
                        break.

                                 MARY
                        I’m fine. Could we just..?

           Grace pulls off the blood pressure monitor and pulls out a 
           tourniquet, preparing to take the blood sample. 

                                 GRACE
                        None of my bees wax. I get it. You 
                        just wait. Your doctor tell you the 
                        same thing when he get the results.

           Mary, who has been looking away, turns to see the blood 
           pumping out of her veins into three neat little vials. 

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Mary is tucking Stephen into bed after a bath. Her usual cup 
           of tea sits on the bedside table and she sits on the edge of 
           his bed.

           She looks at his pale vacant face and gets ready to leave 
           when she hears an indistinct noise from outside the bedroom. 

           She turns to look at the doorway. The rest of the house is 
           dark and through the cracked door she can see nothing but 
           blackness. 

           The noise comes again. A dull THUD from somewhere within the 
           house. 

           It could maybe be the water pipes but it doesn’t sound like 
           it and Mary, for the first time, is frightened. 

           She keeps her gaze fixed on the slice of darkness in the door 
           frame. 

           She holds her breath.

           A second passes. Two. Three. 

           Silence.

           There it is again. Closer this time. Barefeet running on 
           hardwood. A flicker of shadow in the darkness outside the 
           doorway. 
           Suddenly Stephen’s hand reaches out and grips her wrist. 

           Mary jumps. 

           She looks down and sees Stephen still staring vacantly up.

                                 MARY
                             (gently)
                        Shhhhhh...shhhhhh...

           She reaches down to prize his fingers from her arm. His 
           fingers are stiff but she carefully lifts each one and then 
           lays his arm back down by his side. 

           Her fear abated, Mary picks up her tea and leaves Stephen’s 
           bedside. 

           She opens the door and peers into the darkness. 

           Nothing. 

           She switches out the light and closes the door. 

           INT. MARY’S BEDROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary is lying in bed in the near darkness. The bedside clock 
           tells us that it is past 2am but Mary is still wide awake, 
           eyes open, staring up at the ceiling. 

           The old house is making its usual array of winter noises: the 
           hum of the fridge downstairs, the heating pipes, the creak of 
           snow outside and the sound of branches in the wind. Mary 
           hears them all, but she does not hear the thudding again. 

           The rhythms seem to lull her finally into sleep as her eyes 
           drift closed.

           INT. MARY’S BEDROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary’s eyes suddenly open wide. 

           It is not clear how much time has passed. She remains 
           motionless, eyes wide, staring up at the ceiling. 

           She has heard something. 

           At first there is silence. Then the distinct sound of 
           FOOTSTEPS downstairs. 

           The whites show around Mary’s pupils. Fear. 
           She tries to move, to sit up, but she doesn’t seem to be able 
           to move anything but her eyes.

           MARY’S POV. 

           Lying on her back, Mary can see the ceiling, the closed 
           bedroom door and the window, through which some moonlight 
           enters.

           She hears the sound again. 

           It is the sound of bare feet on the hardwood floor 
           downstairs. A child’s footsteps. Running. 

           Her breathing speeds up and we feel her panic as she tries to 
           make a sound but finds herself paralysed. 

           The footsteps seem to circle the downstairs area before 
           finding the stairs. 

           The soft footfall begins to ascend. It’s getting closer, 
           slowing down. 

           The old floorboards outside the bedroom creek gently under 
           the weight of the approaching footsteps. 

           Mary’s eyes flick desperately towards the door. 

           For a moment there is silence. 

           Then she sees the door handle turn. Slowly. Creaking. 

           She shuts her eyes, trying to wake herself from this 
           nightmare. 

           BLACKNESS.

           When she opens them the room is still dark.

           But now the door is open. 

           The hallway outside is dark but she can make out a figure in 
           the doorway.

           It’s the silhouette of a child. Entering her room. Moving 
           towards her.

           Mary starts to hyperventilate. 

           She screws her eyes shut plunging us into BLACKNESS once 
           again. 

           Only the sound of her terrified BREATHING. Otherwise silence. 
           She deliberately tries to calm herself down. Taking control 
           of her breath. Forcing it to slow. 

           The BLACKNESS remains as she keeps her eyes shut. 

           Silence.

           She opens her eyes.

           Above her. Hovering over her bed. The grotesque face of a 
           small BOY.

           His face is pale and gaunt. His eyes sunken and red-rimmed, 
           burn into her, painfully close. 

           But it’s his mouth that fills her with dread and horror. 

           Crude black stitches hold together his bleeding lips. The 
           wounds are crusted and swollen where the thick twine 
           penetrates the flesh. 

           It is a horrifying sight that lasts but a moment.

           Mary’s panic overwhelms her. As she tries desperately to 
           scream we BLACK OUT in the climax of her panic. 

           INT. DEN, DOWNSTAIRS - AFTERNOON

           Mary is in the middle of a Skype consultation with Dr Wilson. 
           She is shaken, disturbed and exhausted. Her tired eyes are 
           puffy with crying.

                                 MARY
                             (getting worked up)
                        You don’t understand. It wasn’t 
                        like any of the others. It was so 
                        real. It was awful. I couldn’t 
                        move. My whole body was frozen and 
                        I couldn’t do anything. I was in my 
                        room. And then I saw it. It was 
                        real. I swear, I saw it.

           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON

           Dr Wilson is sitting at his desk, looking calm and collected 
           as usual. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary... Mary, calm down. Listen to 
                        what you’re saying. You’re a 
                        rational adult. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 DR WILSON (CONT'D)
                        You’re a pyschologist. There’s no 
                        such thing as ghosts. You know 
                        what.

           INTERCUT BETWEEN DR WILSON AND MARY

                                 MARY
                        Maybe I’m not. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Not what?

                                 MARY
                        Rational. I know what I saw Dr 
                        Wilson. So either I’m losing my 
                        mind or there’s...

                                 DR WILSON
                        Or perhaps you experienced sleep 
                        paralysis. 

                                 MARY
                        What?

                                 DR WILSON
                        It sounds very much to me like a 
                        case of sleep paralysis. It’s not 
                        uncommon. It’s occurs when the body 
                        is stuck between REM sleep and 
                        waking. The mind is awake and 
                        alert, the eyes open, but the body 
                        is still asleep. Paralysed. Just 
                        like you experienced.

                                 MARY
                        But I saw something. The boy. It 
                        was horrible. His face was... I 
                        heard him. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Most cases of sleep paralysis 
                        involve some degree of auditory and 
                        visual hallucination. Often these 
                        are terrifying, precisely because 
                        of how real they seem and how 
                        physically disabled you feel. You 
                        are quite literally trapped between 
                        the dream world and the waking 
                        world. 

           Dr Wilson’s words ring true and Mary begins to calm down.
                                 MARY
                        I’ve never experienced anything 
                        like this.

                                 DR WILSON
                        With the amount of stress you’re 
                        under and the existing pattern of 
                        disturbed sleep it doesn’t surprise 
                        me at all. 

                                 MARY
                        But the boy..? It was the boy from 
                        the paper. I recognized his face. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        The runaway you told me about?

                                 MARY
                        Yes! I saw him. He was dead. I 
                        thought he was trying to tell me 
                        something.

                                 DR WILSON
                             (calm, academic)
                        It’s not surprising. You said 
                        yourself that the case has been all 
                        over the local news. You might be 
                        interested to know that sleep 
                        paralysis is thought to be the 
                        explanation behind most experiences 
                        of ghostly apparitions, even alien 
                        abduction. 

           Dr Wilson looks away from the camera as he searches for 
           something on his computer. He types something on the 
           keyboard. Clicks on a few links. 

           A window pops up on Mary’s screen with a link. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        It’s in the folklore of many 
                        cultures. In Anglo tradition it’s 
                        known as “Old Hag” syndrome because 
                        victims share a vision of an old 
                        woman sitting on their chests.

           Mary clicks on the link and a new window opens up. 
                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Take a look for yourself. Sleep 
                        paralysis can be utterly terrifying 
                        in the moment but it is not 
                        something to be worried about 
                        medically unless it becomes a 
                        recurring problem. 

           On Mary’s screen is a smattering of terrifying images: John 
           Henry Fuseli’s famous painting THE NIGHTMARE showing a demon 
           sitting on a woman’s supine figure; etchings of the “Old Hag” 
           from Anglo tradition; modern cartoons of victims trapped in 
           bed while alien strangers lurk in the corners.  

           The frightening nature of these images seems to soothe Mary, 
           reassuring her that Dr Wilson is right. 

           He waits til he can see that she is calmer. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        We can still look to analyze the 
                        dream though, Mary. Tell me, what 
                        do you think the runaway boy 
                        represents for you?

                                 MARY
                             (still distracted)
                        I don’t know. My patients keep 
                        talking about him. In this town, so 
                        little happens that when something 
                        does, it takes over. You remember 
                        what it was like for me after the 
                        accident? I think that was probably 
                        half to blame for my depression. 

           At the memory Mary sits back in her chair, rubbing her eyes. 
           She’s back in control now. The pyschologist once again. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        I guess he’s been on my mind too. I 
                        can’t stop thinking how badly we 
                        must have failed him. The system, I 
                        mean. All of us. For him to think 
                        running away was his best option. 
                        It’s like the world just turned its 
                        back on him and left him out in the 
                        cold.

                                 DR WILSON
                        Do you think it has anything to do 
                        with Stephen?
                             (off her quizzical 
                              expression
                                 (MORE)
                                 DR WILSON (CONT'D)
                        Do you think that the sound of the 
                        child’s footsteps in your house was 
                        a reminder of the child that you’ve 
                        lost? The son who used to come into 
                        your room at night when he was 
                        scared? 

                                 MARY
                        Stephen never used to do that. 

                                 DR WILSON
                             (pushing forward)
                        Your son whose own mouth has been 
                        sealed into silence by the 
                        accident. 

           Mary doesn’t respond to this. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        You often used to say that you felt 
                        that you lost Stephen long before 
                        the accident. That as he grew into 
                        a teenager with all his behavioral 
                        problems at school, you felt like 
                        you had lost your little boy. Do 
                        you think that is who your dream is 
                        really about? The Stephen of your 
                        memory? 

           Mary remains silent. She looks at a framed photo on the desk 
           beside the computer. It shows her and Richard and a smiling 
           young Stephen, aged 7, on holiday. She touches his cheek. 

                                 MARY
                        I wonder if things had been 
                        different... He was such a sweet 
                        little boy...

           She trails off, lost in thought.

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary, I’m afraid our time is up. No 
                        more talk of ghosts. Okay?

           Mary shakes herself alert and looks at her watch. 

                                 MARY
                             (to herself, remembering)
                        I have to give Stephen his bath. 
                                 DR WILSON
                        Might I suggest that you try and 
                        take some time in the next couple 
                        of days to yourself? Maybe get out 
                        of the house. See a friend. 

           Mary laughs ironically as if to say, “What friends?”

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Soon you’re going to have a lot 
                        more time and space to live your 
                        own life, Mary. Start easing 
                        yourself into it. You deserve it.

           Mary nods, acquiescing. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        We’ll speak next week about 
                        prescribing something to help you 
                        regulate your sleep cycle. The lab 
                        still hasn’t sent me your blood 
                        work. In the meantime, take care of 
                        yourself and stay warm. 

           Mary smiles goodbye as Dr Wilson ends the call on his end. 

           She minimizes the disconnected Skype window and remains 
           seated at the desk, absorbing Dr Wilson’s words. 

           EXT. THE GROUNDS SURROUNDING THE HOUSE - DAY

           It is another stunningly clear day. The sun shines off the 
           snow, that by now has become hard and frozen over. 

           Mary and Lucy, bundled up in coats and scarves, are walking 
           through the fir woods. 

           They are only a few hundred yards away from the house and 
           they appear to be circling it, slowly. 

                                 LUCY
                        You want to know something 
                        ridiculous? I think this is the 
                        furthest away from the house I’ve 
                        seen you since you brought Stephen 
                        home from the hospital. 

                                 MARY
                             (laughing it off)
                        Don’t be crazy... I get out. 
                             (off Willow’s raised 
                              eyebrows)
                        Sometimes. 
           They keep walking. This is a rare treat for Mary. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Is it just me or does that feel 
                        like a lifetime ago? I really 
                        thought he was going to just wake 
                        up one day and be normal again. 
                        Even if he was still angry. At 
                        least he’d be able to tell me 
                        himself. 

                                 LUCY
                        It wasn’t your fault. 

                                 MARY
                             (lost in recollection)
                        He looked at me. About a month 
                        after the accident. Just for a 
                        moment. The doctors kept telling me 
                        how well he was doing. That it was 
                        just a matter of time before he 
                        came back to us. But now, looking 
                        back, I think I lost him the day I 
                        lost Richard. Stephen never came 
                        home with me. 

                                 LUCY
                        I’m proud of you, Mar. 

           Mary smiles, she looks down at the snow crunching beneath her 
           feet. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        So when are you taking him in?

                                 MARY
                        End of the month. My analyst says I 
                        need to start practicing leaving 
                        the nest. 

                                 LUCY
                        He’s right! You need to get a life! 

           Mary elbows her playfully. 

                                 MARY
                        I’ve been a wife and a mother since 
                        I left school. Now I’m what? A 
                        widow and an ex-nurse?

                                 LUCY
                        You’re a sexy widow. 
                                 MARY
                        Right. 

                                 LUCY
                        I know someone who certainly thinks 
                        so. 
                             (off Mary’s look)
                        Doug Hart. I saw him in town 
                        yesterday. He was asking after you. 

                                 MARY
                        Oh god. I was so rude to him.

                                 LUCY
                        Funny. He was worried he’d offended 
                        you. 

                                 MARY
                        He said that? What else did he say?

                                 LUCY
                        I knew it! You like him. You 
                        should. He’s cute. Why don’t you 
                        ask him out?

                                 MARY
                        Out? I think we just established 
                        that I don’t do out. 

                                 LUCY
                        Soon you will. And in the meantime 
                        you could always call him.

                                 MARY
                        I don’t know, Luce. What would I 
                        even say? 

                                 LUCY
                        It’s a brave new world, my love. 
                        It’s a brave new world.

           Lucy takes Mary’s arm in hers as they continue to walk 
           through the snow. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - EVENING

           Mary is sitting curled up on the couch in the living area. 
           Stephen is in his wheelchair nearby. She has an address book 
           open in her lap and is nervously looking at the phone. 

           Eventually she takes a deep breath in and exhales, readying 
           herself before picking up the phone and dialling. 
           As she waits for someone to pick up she stands and starts 
           pacing nervously. 

                                 MARY
                        Hello, Doug? ... Hi. It’s Mary. 
                        Portman...
                             (finally, smiling)
                        Hi.

           INT. DINING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - EVENING

           The dining area, which until now has looked unused and dusty, 
           has been cleaned and decorated. The table is laid with fresh 
           linens, candles and silverware. Mary has gone to some effort.  

           She and Doug are sitting at the table, the remnants of a 
           homemade dinner surrounding them. 

           At last they seem relaxed, comfortable. They are both 
           laughing at something that Doug has said. 

                                 DOUG
                        I’m not going to lie. I was pretty 
                        surprised to hear your voice. In a 
                        good way. It was a good surprise. 

           Mary smiles, enjoying this. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                        I felt like such an ass the other 
                        day. I’ve been wanting to ask you 
                        out for weeks and then... I had no 
                        idea. 
                             (gently)
                        About your husband, or Stephen. I’m 
                        so sorry. Lucy told me about what 
                        happened. 

                                 MARY
                        Course she did. 

                                 DOUG
                        She didn’t say much. Just that 
                        there was a car accident and you 
                        lost your husband and your son’s 
                        been in a coma ever since. 

                                 MARY
                        It’s not that simple. But. I guess 
                        that’s the gist of it. 

                                 DOUG
                        Not that simple? 
                                 MARY
                        Richard was killed immediately. He 
                        wasn’t wearing his seatbelt. Didn’t 
                        stand a chance. Thankfully Stephen 
                        was. He had some intracranial 
                        bleeding but when...

           She catches herself and stops. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry, you don’t want to hear 
                        all this. 

           Doug reaches across the table and touches her hand. It’s 
           gentle, sympathetic. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        His brain started to heal and the 
                        scans showed him recovering. For a 
                        while it looked like he was 
                        regaining consciousness. His 
                        reflexes were normal, he would seem 
                        to sleep and wake, but he never 
                        came back. They called it a waking 
                        coma. 

                                 DOUG
                        And you’ve been taking care of him 
                        ever since?

                                 MARY
                        Eventually there weren’t any more 
                        tests they could run. The doctors 
                        didn’t know what to do with us. 
                        After 6 months he was still 
                        vegetative, so they let me take him 
                        home.  

                                 DOUG
                        I can’t even imagine how hard that 
                        must have been. Losing your husband 
                        as well. 

                                 MARY
                        I miss him. I miss him so much. I 
                        miss them both...
                        I struggled - for a long time - 
                        with depression. For a while I 
                        thought I was never going to come 
                        out of it. I felt like I was losing 
                        my mind...

           Mary snaps out of her daze. She realizes that she’s said more 
           than she wanted to. She pulls her hand out from under Doug’s.
                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry. Sorry. I haven’t done... 
                             (gesturing at the “date” 
                              they’ve just enjoyed)
                        this... in a while. Well, ever. I’m 
                        sorry. 

                                 DOUG
                        Mary, it’s okay. I understand. I’ve 
                        had a wonderful time. 

                                 MARY
                        Really?

                                 DOUG
                        Yes! We all have our baggage. Lord 
                        knows I do. You’ve met my son. You 
                        know better than anyone.

           Doug laughs, forcing Mary to relax and smile at least. 

                                 MARY
                        Divorce is tough but being a 
                        teenager is even tougher. 

           Doug laughs. Mary looks over to the living area where Stephen 
           is sitting in his wheelchair facing away from them out of the 
           window.

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        No psychology degree prepares you 
                        for being the parent of a teenage 
                        boy. When Stephen hit puberty it 
                        was like he became an entirely 
                        different person. 

                                 DOUG
                             (light hearted)
                        Aaron too. I swear it’s the 
                        hormones. 

                                 MARY
                             (remembering)
                        He was so cold. It was like having 
                        a stranger in the house all of a 
                        sudden. Now I’d give anything just 
                        to hear him tell me to fuck off. 

           Doug shifts in his chair. Not sure how to respond. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        You’re lucky. Aaron’s a good kid. 
           She shakes off the memories and smiles at Doug. He takes her 
           hand again and this time she doesn’t move it.  

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        I think I just need to take this 
                        really slow.

                                 DOUG
                        Of course. I should get back to 
                        Aaron anyway. It’s late.
                             (standing)
                        Are you sure I can’t help you with 
                        the dishes. 

                                 MARY
                        No, it’s fine. I need to give 
                        Stephen a bath and get him to bed. 
                        Dishes can wait.

           Doug raises Mary’s hand to his lips and kisses it. 

                                 DOUG
                        Then I shall bid you goodnight.

           Mary smiles, blushing.

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - LATER

           Mary, tea in hand, is leaving Stephen’s bedroom after putting 
           him to bed. She switches the light out and shuts the door 
           behind her. 

           She turns to see the dirty plates and glasses all over the 
           dining table. 

           She sighs, too exhausted to face the clean up. 

           Her eyes start to droop and she rubs them, trying to wake up. 

           She takes a gulp of her tea but it doesn’t help. She is 
           overcome with exhaustion and sits down for a moment on the 
           sofa to rest. 

           Her eyelids feel impossibly heavy. 

           EXT. THE GROUNDS SURROUNDING THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Mary is outside. 

           It is dark and the moonlight reflects off the snow covered 
           ground. 
           It all appears more pristine, more sparkling and fresh. Snow 
           flakes fall from the sky with picturesque grace all around 
           her.

           Mary stands beneath the fir trees, on the path that surrounds 
           the house. 

           It is silent. 

           She turns to see her house, not a hundred yards away. The 
           lights are on low inside and the place looks warm and cosy, 
           almost like a Christmas card picture. 

           Confused, Mary looks all around. Behind her, the woods are 
           impenetrably black. Before her the house looks inviting. 

           She takes a step towards it. 

           The sound of her footsteps crunching through the thick fresh 
           snow breaks the silence. Everything seems heightened. 

           Then, softly at first, but becoming clearer, another sound. 

           Between Mary’s own footsteps she hears another set of steps. 
           Further away. 

           Running. 

           A child’s FOOTSTEPS.

           Mary whips her head around, peering into the black space 
           between the trees. She sees nothing, but the sound of running 
           gets closer. 

           She turns back to the house and starts to speed up. 

           Walking turns to running until she is going as fast as she 
           can towards the warmth and safety of the house.  

           The snow is now coming down inexplicably FAST and THICK. It 
           blurs her vision and makes running even harder. 

           The footsteps are closing in. 

           She turns back once again and still sees nothing. 

           The sound of the child running is almost upon her. 

           She pushes full tilt towards the house, her feet struggling 
           to grip the thick snow underfoot. 

           The breath catches in her throat. 

           Panic overtakes her. The primal fear of being chased. 
           The sound of the footsteps is getting louder and LOUDER. 

           Just as she is sure that she is about to be caught, she makes 
           it to the porch of the house. 

           She rips open the front door and hurls herself inside. 

           She turns to slam the door behind her. A hand shoots inside, 
           trying to grab her. 

           She SLAMS the door onto the hand. SMASHING it between the 
           door and the frame. 

           Without thinking, she pulls the door open a fraction and 
           SLAMS it again and AGAIN onto the hand of the intruder.

           Looking down, she sees that it is the hand of a child. 

           Tiny, pale and bloodied now. 

           Horrified by the brutality of her own actions she STOPS 
           abruptly. 

           Mary throws open the door, expecting to find the boy with the 
           stitched lips. 

           Instead she sees her son Stephen, sitting in his wheelchair 
           on the porch. 

           He looks paler and weaker than usual, shivering in the cold, 
           half frozen and covered in snow. He clutches his hand to his 
           chest. 

           It is a bloody mess of broken bone and cartilage. 

           Appalled at what she has done, Mary rushes out to her son and 
           throws her arms around him, SOBBING uncontrollably. 

           She cradles him in her arms like a baby, weeping hot tears 
           onto his face and rocking him back and forth. 

           Stephen looks up into her eyes, making real conscious eye 
           contact. 

           He opens his mouth to speak and his voice is soft and quiet 
           like a child’s.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Don’t leave me mother. 
           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary wakes up from her nightmare with a jolt. She is still on 
           the sofa in the living area and the clock on the mantelpiece 
           says that it is 3am. 

           The dream has shaken her badly. 

           She tries to stand and finds that her legs are weak. She is 
           still groggy with sleep and she struggles to focus her eyes 
           properly. 

           Pulling herself upright she makes her way to Stephen’s 
           bedroom door. 

           She pauses for a second, resting her head against the door 
           frame. She doesn’t want to wake him but she desperately needs 
           the reassurance and comfort of seeing him. 

           Ever so gently she turns the handle and pushes the door open 
           noiselessly. 

           The warm light from the living area floods into Stephen’s 
           room, making a path to the bed. 

           She moves into the room, tiptoeing groggily, almost drunk 
           with exhaustion.

           Finding the bed, she sits down beside her son’s sleeping 
           figure. The light crosses over his body, leaving the head of 
           the bed still shrouded in darkness. 

           She reaches out and pats the form beneath the covers. 

           Even in her exhausted state she notices something is 
           different. 

           The lump in the bed is curled into a ball: small, entirely 
           covered by the blanket.  

           She leans over and reaches for the edge of the covers. 

           Tentatively she pulls back the blanket. 

           Looking up at her with his awful red eyes and gruesome mouth 
           full of stitches and scabs is the little boy. 

           Gripped with terror, Mary opens her mouth to SCREAM. 

                                                          SMASH CUT TO:
           INT. MARY’S BEDROOM, UPSTAIRS - MORNING

           Mary wakes up with a cry. The sun is up and her alarm is 
           RINGING loudly, like a mechanical scream.

           Mary is badly shaken. She seems confused to find herself in 
           bed and her head aches terribly. 

           She sits on the edge of her bed for a moment trying to 
           regulate her breath which is still coming fast and hard from 
           the shock of the nightmare. 

           Finally she takes a deep breath and stands, only now turning 
           off the shrieking alarm clock. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - LATER THAT MORNING

           Mary looks shattered as she goes about her morning routine. 

           She pours oatmeal into a bowl and heads for Stephen’s 
           bedroom. 

           INT. STEPHEN’S BEDROOM, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Stephen is in bed with his arms and chest connected to the 
           EMS machine. 

           Mary enters with his oatmeal and sits down on the side of his 
           bed as usual to give him his pills. 

           She selects his medication but her hands are shaking and she 
           knocks over the sleeping pills before carefully selecting a 
           different bottle. 

           Taking his face in her hands, she turns him towards her and 
           catches sight of something on his cheek. 

           Faint but undeniably there: four neat red scratches, like 
           nail marks. 

           Trembling, she holds her hand over his face, positioning her 
           fingers over the marks. 

           The scratch marks are too small, too close together to fit 
           her own hand. 

           They are a child’s claw marks. 
           INT. MARY’S OFFICE - DAY

           Mary is alone in the office. Outside the sky is grey and 
           heavy. 

           Mary is on the phone with Dr Wilson, she is very worked up 
           and emotional. 

                                 MARY
                        I told you. It’s real. Something is 
                        happening to us. 

           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - DAY

           Dr Wilson is standing in a corner of his office. His 
           secretary is standing in the open doorway, anxious about the 
           time. 

           Through the door to his office a patient is waiting for him 
           outside. He ushers his secretary out, gesturing that it won’t 
           be long.

                                 DR WILSON 
                             (firmly)
                        Mary. You need to breathe. Take a 
                        deep breath and think about what 
                        you’re saying. 

           INTERCUT BETWEEN MARY AND DR WILSON.

                                 MARY
                             (irrational)
                        I don’t care. I don’t care how 
                        crazy it sounds. It was real. I saw 
                        him. I was dreaming but then I woke 
                        up. I woke up and he was still 
                        there. I’m not crazy. It’s not 
                        fucking sleep paralysis. It’s real. 
                        You have to help us. I don’t know 
                        what he wants. What does he want 
                        with my son?

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary, listen to yourself. This 
                        isn’t you. You’re talking about the 
                        ghost of a little boy you never 
                        met. Your stress levels are through 
                        the roof and your sleeping problems 
                        are making it hard for you to 
                        distinguish your nightmares from 
                        reality. 
                                  MARY
                        For god’s sake, don’t you think I 
                        know how this sounds? You have to 
                        believe me. Stephen has scratches 
                        on his face. I can prove it.

                                 DR WILSON
                        Now no one is saying you’re crazy. 
                        You’re sleep deprived. You’re 
                        confused. You’re struggling to make 
                        sense of everything and you’re 
                        latching onto irrational 
                        explanations. You said yourself 
                        that the scratches are barely 
                        noticeable. You could have done it 
                        yourself and not even noticed. 

           Mary, exhausted, is quiet now. She’s tired of fighting. 

                                 MARY
                        You have to help me. I can’t do 
                        this. I don’t know what is real 
                        anymore. If it’s not real then 
                        what’s happening to me? 

                                 DR WILSON
                        I’m here to help you, Mary. 
                        Everything’s going to be okay. The 
                        results of your blood work are due 
                        today and I’m almost certainly 
                        going to recommend that we get you 
                        straight onto a strong anti-
                        depressant. 

                                 MARY
                        I don’t want to do that again. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        We’ll talk it through later but it 
                        may be what you need to get you 
                        though this transition. Let’s speak 
                        again tonight for our video 
                        session. Okay? 

           Mary is resigned, wiped out. 

                                 MARY
                        The storm’s coming tonight.

                                 DR WILSON
                        Well hopefully you won’t lose power 
                        and we’ll still be able to speak. 

           Mary does not respond. 
                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Alright then, Mary. Until later. 

           Dr Wilson hangs up the phone feeling dissatisfied. 

           The intercom buzzes, reminding him to move on. He shakes off 
           the feeling. 

           INT. MARY’S OFFICE - DAY

           Mary is still sitting at her desk, staring into nothingness. 
           It isn’t clear how long she has been like this but the sound 
           of the door opening causes her to look up. 

           Lucy enters carrying a box of supplies. In contrast to Mary 
           she is bustling with energy and her face is flushed from the 
           cold outside. 

                                 LUCY
                        What are you doing in here? All 
                        your appointments are cleared for 
                        today and tomorrow. 

                                 MARY
                             (dazed)
                        What?

                                 LUCY
                        Hon, what is going on with you? 
                        Didn’t you get my message? Haven’t 
                        you turned on the TV? The storm is 
                        due to hit us tonight and it looks 
                        like rain. You know what that 
                        means.

                                 MARY
                        I know. I know. I’m sorry. I just. 
                        I’m so tired Luce. 

                                 LUCY
                             (bustling about, not 
                              noticing how bad Mary 
                              looks)
                        I’ve brought you some extra food 
                        and water just in case and Mike 
                        packed you a few emergency things.

           Lucy places the box down and shows Mary the contents. 

           There is a flashlight, a packet of batteries, a few 
           disposable lighters, candles, a small hand axe. 

           Mary picks up the axe absent-mindedly. 
                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                             (by way of explanation)
                        It’s gonna be an ice storm. Last 
                        year our front door froze shut.

           Lucy takes the axe from Mary and puts in back in the box. 
           Mary is still dazed. 

                                 MARY
                        Did they find the little boy?

                                 LUCY
                        Oh god. Didn’t you hear? The 
                        picture went national and of course 
                        now the police are dealing with 
                        “sightings” everywhere from Florida 
                        to Washington.

                                 MARY
                             (staring into the 
                              distance)
                        He’s dead. 

                                 LUCY
                        I’m sure he’s fine. Probably hopped 
                        a bus south. Now what about you?

           Lucy finally stops moving and takes both of Mary’s hands in 
           hers. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        Are you SURE you don’t want to 
                        hunker down with us tonight? 

                                 MARY
                        He’s got his machines and his 
                        drugs. We’re all set up here. I 
                        can’t move him. But I appreciate 
                        the offer Luce. We’ll be okay. 
                        We’ve weathered worse storms. 

           Lucy kisses her hand warmly and stands. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Luce? Do you believe in ghosts? 

                                 LUCY
                        What?

                                 MARY
                        I don’t know. Do you believe that 
                        our souls can stay on after we die?
                                 LUCY
                        I believe in souls. And I believe 
                        that Richard’s always going to be 
                        looking out for you if that’s what 
                        you mean.

           Mary looks away, out of the window, her eyes are glassy 
           again. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        What’s going on with you? You okay?

           She reaches out and touches Mary’s face. Mary flinches 
           slightly and her eyes refocus on Lucy. Her friend’s eyes are 
           full of love and concern.

                                 MARY
                        I’m okay. I think I’m just tired. 

                                 LUCY
                        I hate leaving you like this but I 
                        have to get back and help Mike or 
                        he’s going to kill me. 

           She stands and takes a last look over the provisions she’s 
           left. 

                                 LUCY (CONT’D)
                        You sure you have everything? 
                        Blankets? Lanterns? These candles 
                        won’t do you much good. 

                                 MARY
                        We have everything Lucy. Thank you. 
                        Really. 

           Lucy’s already heading out the door.

                                 LUCY
                        Make sure you have enough wood. 
                        There’s extra batteries in the box 
                        too. 

           And she’s gone. Mary is left alone again. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - AFTERNOON

           Mary is prepping the house for the storm. The dining table is 
           covered in provisions. Big bottles of water, food, batteries, 
           flashlights, blankets etc. 

           Stephen is sitting in his wheelchair in the middle of the 
           living area as Mary moves around him. 
           She unloads an extra bushel of firewood beside the stove and 
           throws in a couple of logs. Lifting one heavy enamel cover 
           she holds her hand over the cooking plate, checking that it’s 
           still hot. 

           She turns to look over what is on the table, making a mental 
           checklist. 

                                 MARY
                             (to herself)
                        Lanterns. Laterns... Basement.

           She turns on her heel and heads toward the basement stairs. 

           Her brisk pace slows as she descends each stair, and when she 
           finally reaches the door to the basement she opens it with 
           some hesitation. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary pushes open the door to the basement and stands on the 
           threshold for a moment as though afraid. 

           The basement, however, it is not the dark, dingy cellar that 
           her face might suggest. On the contrary, the room is fully 
           furnished like the rest of the house: a little outdated but 
           warm none the less. 

           Mary takes a deep breath, steeling herself, then steps into 
           the basement. 

           She moves slowly, as though taking in the room for the first 
           time in a long time. 

           The walls and surfaces are covered in framed photos, many of 
           which we might recognise from upstairs before the accident. 
           Young Mary and Richard, happy and laughing.

           Now they are propped up hurriedly, hidden from view in an 
           unused room.

           Mary’s hand lingers over these photos, the ones that were too 
           painful to keep upstairs. 

           She lovingly touches a dusty photo of Richard’s face before 
           looking around the room.

           This was clearly Richard’s domain. There is fishing tackle on 
           the walls, hunting gear, an old shotgun, a work table still 
           covered in tools. 

           Mary’s gaze moves slowly over all of this, drinking in the 
           memories of her husband. 
           Upstairs and outside, the wind has picked up and it whistles 
           now in the chimney, snapping Mary out of her daze. 

           Remembering what she is down here for she goes towards a 
           small door in the far wall. 

           The ceiling here is pitched and the door is only 3 or 4 feet 
           high and appears to lead to a small extra storage space. 

           Mary tugs at the handle. It jams.

           Looking down she sees that the door has been locked with a 
           padlock. She looks at it quizzically, turning it over in her 
           hand as though she isn’t sure she remembers it. 

           Frustrated, she gives the door one more jiggle before turning 
           to head back upstairs. 

           As she ascends the stairs she suddenly hears a sound. 

           It’s not the wind this time. It’s that same low thudding 
           noise that appears to be coming from the walls of the house 
           itself. 

           Mary stops moving and holds her breath, listening. 

           She cocks her head to one side, not sure whether the sound 
           came from back in the basement or upstairs. 

           She waits for another beat but hears nothing. 

           Turning to go back up, Mary screams as she walks straight 
           into someone standing at the top of the stairs.

           The figure takes her by the shoulders. She looks up and sees 
           that it is Doug. 

                                 DOUG
                        Hey, hey. It’s me. 

                                 MARY
                             (scared, angry)
                        Jesus Christ. What the hell are you 
                        doing? 

           She breaks free from his grip. Adrenaline rushing through 
           her, making her angry.

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary pushes past Doug and walks round to the living area. He 
           follows, apologetic. 
                                 DOUG
                        I’m sorry Mary. I knocked but no 
                        one answered. I just wanted to make 
                        sure that you were okay. 

                                 MARY
                        You can’t just let yourself in to 
                        other people’s houses. You scared 
                        the shit out of me. 

                                 DOUG
                        I’m sorry. I was worried about you. 

           Mary turns her back on him and opens a drawer in the bureau 
           in the dining room. 

           There is a box of assorted keys that she begins to rummage 
           through. 

           Doug is taken aback by her change of behavior. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                        Are you really going to stay here 
                        tonight? It’s already picking up 
                        out there. You’re almost certainly 
                        going to lose power out here. 

                                 MARY
                             (not looking up from her 
                              task)
                        This isn’t my first storm. 

                                 DOUG
                        Aaron and I have a suite down at 
                        the Holiday Inn. There’s plenty of 
                        room. Why don’t you come with us? 

                                 MARY
                        I can’t just check him into a 
                        hotel, okay. Look at him. 

           She points to Stephen, in his wheelchair, legs wired up to 
           his clunky EMS unit. 

           Mary goes back to looking for the key.

                                 DOUG
                        I’m sorry. I was just trying to 
                        help. 

           Mary starts opening other drawers, rummaging around looking 
           for a key that might fit that padlock.
                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                             (trying a different tack)
                        Hey did you hear? That runaway 
                        kid’s alive.

           This gets Mary’s attention. 

                                 MARY
                        What?

                                 DOUG
                        I don’t know the whole story but I 
                        heard something on the radio on my 
                        way over about New Orleans. 

                                 MARY
                        New Orleans?

                                 DOUG
                        Great news right?

                                 MARY
                        He’s definitely alive?

                                 DOUG
                        So I guess we don’t have to worry 
                        about him getting caught in the 
                        storm now. 

           Mary lets this sink in. She starts to half laugh for a 
           second, relieved. 

           But if the boy is still alive then maybe she’s just crazy. 
           She’s not sure which is worse. 

           Her face clouds over.

           Unaware, Doug moves over to the arm chair next to Stephen’s 
           wheelchair as he continues talking to Mary. He reaches out 
           and touches Stephen’s face, turning his cheek. 

                                 DOUG (CONT’D)
                             (joking)
                        Did you two get into a fight or 
                        something?

           Mary stands up, immediately defensive. 

                                 MARY
                        Leave him alone. 

                                 DOUG
                        Sorry. Wow. I am doing everything 
                        wrong right now. 
                                 MARY
                        Doug, I think it would be best if 
                        you just left now. 

                                 DOUG
                        I’m sorry. I was kidding. I didn’t 
                        mean anything by it. 

                                 MARY
                        We’ll be fine. You should go before 
                        it gets dark. 

           Doug takes the hint and starts moving toward the front door. 

           Mary picks up the axe from Willow’s emergency supply box and 
           starts heading back towards the basement. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                             (without looking back)
                        You can let yourself out. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - DUSK

           Mary re-enters the basement, this time with a more purposeful 
           look. She heads straight for the locked door and kneels down 
           beside it. 

           She gets a good grip on the little axe and lines it up 
           against the metal arch of the padlock. 

           She pulls back the axe and brings it down hard on the lock. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - DUSK

           In the main living area the sound of Mary’s axe working on 
           the padlock is muffled and intermittent. The space is 
           otherwise quiet. Empty. 

           The sky outside is turning dark. Cold wet raindrops are just 
           starting to fall on the big glass skylights in the kitchen. 
           As the water hits the glass it freezes instantly. 

           A phone starts ringing. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary stops swinging at the metal padlock which shows no sign 
           of breaking open. 

           In her frustration she swings wide and the axe sinks into the 
           wood just above the lock. 
           Realizing that this is a better idea, she starts working to 
           free the lock from the door altogether.

           The satisfying thud of the axe sinking into the wood helps 
           Mary to vent her frustration. 

           The sound of the phone ringing upstairs goes unnoticed. 

           INT. THE DEN, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary’s computer monitor shows DR WILSON trying to connect. 
           The little green phone rings loudly. 

           From deep within the belly of the house comes the steady 
           thudding of Mary’s axe.

           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - EVENING

           Dr Wilson is sitting in front of his computer looking 
           agitated. 

           He has a pile of papers in front of him, one of which has MCA 
           LabTech and the name PORTMAN, MARY printed neatly above a set 
           of results. 

           He looks at his screen, waiting for the call to connect then 
           looks at his watch impatiently. 

           Just as he’s about to give up, we see the window on his 
           computer pop open as Mary arrives, a little out of breath.

           INT. THE DEN, DOWNSTAIRS - SAME

           The door to the den is wide open and Stephen can be seen 
           sitting in his wheelchair outside. 

           Mary, who has just run upstairs, is a little out of breath. 
           She speaks quickly, blurting her words out and not letting 
           him get a word in.

                                 MARY
                        Dr Wilson. I’m sorry I didn’t hear 
                        you. The storm’s just starting up 
                        and I have to get the lanterns so I 
                        can’t talk but it’s okay. I’m sorry 
                        about this morning. I was really 
                        shaken up. But you’re right. It’s 
                        all in my head. Turns out that 
                        runaway kid isn’t even dead. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MARY (CONT'D)
                        I don’t know what’s gotten into me 
                        but if you think an anti-depressant 
                        would help then we should 
                        definitely talk about that tomo-

                                 DR WILSON
                             (interrupting her)
                        Benzodiazepine. 

                                 MARY
                        What?

                                 DR WILSON
                        That’s what got into you. 

           He holds up the lab test results in front of the camera. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Mary, I got the results of your 
                        blood work today. I have to say I’m 
                        extremely disappointed. If you’d 
                        told me that you were self-
                        medicating I could have helped you 
                        much more quickly. It’s no surprise 
                        you’re having so much sleep 
                        disturbance. With the amount of 
                        pills you’ve been taking it’s 
                        little wonder. 

                                 MARY
                        What are you talking about?

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary, I understand that you’re 
                        under a lot of pressure right now. 
                        I want to be able to help you but I 
                        can’t do that if you’re not being 
                        honest with me. Do you know how 
                        dangerous this could have been?

                                 MARY
                        I’m not taking anything. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Aside from the fact that mixing 
                        prescription drugs can be lethal, I 
                        can only assume you’ve been taking 
                        medication from Stephen which puts 
                        not only your health at risk but 
                        also his. 

                                 MARY
                        I don’t know what you’re talking 
                        about. I haven’t taken anything. 
                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary, I can’t help you unless 
                        you’re honest with me. And with 
                        yourself. Now if you need something 
                        to help you sleep, I can prescribe 
                        you something much lighter. 

           Outside the rain is getting heavier and heavier. There is a 
           clap of thunder. 

                                 MARY
                        You’ve made a mistake. Those aren’t 
                        my results. 

           Mary stands up from the desk. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary.

                                 MARY
                        I have to go. I don’t have time for 
                        this. 

           She clicks her mouse and the Skype window is minimized. 

           The glowing green light on the webcam remains lit as Mary 
           walks out the door. 

           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

           Dr Wilson is irritated, frustrated that Mary has walked out. 
           He can still see the empty den in Mary’s house. 

           He shakes his head as he puts Mary’s lab results into a 
           manila folder sitting on his desk.

           He looks back up at the Skype window and moves to disconnect 
           the call. 

           As he does, something on screen catches his eye.

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - EVENING

           Mary is back in the basement, axe in hand, working on 
           removing the lock from the little wooden door. 

           The sound of the storm upstairs is getting louder. The 
           freezing rain makes a strange creaking, cracking sound that 
           can be heard throughout the house. 

           With a final swing, Mary manages to loosen the lock enough 
           that she is able to pull it right off. 
           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - SAME

           Dr Wilson is leaning in close to the computer screen. He is 
           looking at something through the open den door in Mary’s 
           house. 

           Something is not right. 

           The Skype window on Dr Wilson’s computer shows an image of 
           the den. Through his computer speakers he can hear the faint 
           sounds of the storm and the occasional thud from downstairs.

           It is not at first clear what it is that Dr Wilson is looking 
           at. 

           Then we see what caught his eye. 

           Stephen’s wheelchair is sitting in the middle of the living 
           area, just as it was before, visible through the open door of 
           the den. 

           What has unsettled Dr Wilson is that now, suddenly, the chair 
           is empty.

           Dr Wilson leans close to the screen. What can this mean?

           Suddenly a dark figure moves past the doorway.

           The shock throws Dr Wilson back in his chair. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary, careful to avoid splinters, pulls the lock free of the 
           door.

           She opens the door slowly. 

           Inside it is dark. It seems to be a tiny, sloped crawl space 
           that can be used as extra storage. 

           The door is only a few inches open when Mary notices a 
           strange smell emanating from inside. 

           She pulls the door wider.

           BLACKNESS.

           The power cuts out with a soft whirr and Mary is plunged into 
           total darkness. 
           INT. DR WILSON’S OFFICE - SAME

           Dr Wilson is absorbing what he has just seen, his mind is 
           racing. 

                                 DR WILSON
                             (calling out)
                        Mary? MARY?

           He starts to realize what a mistake he has made.

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                             (louder now)
                        STEPHEN?

           The Skype window on his screen freezes. An on screen message 
           shows CONNECTION ENDED.

           He tries frantically to re-dial her but the call cannot be 
           connected. USER UNAVAILABLE.

           Whipping open the manila folder labelled PORTMAN, MARY he 
           quickly finds her home address and phone number. He picks up 
           his landline and tries dialling her. 

           Another fail. 

           He sits for a moment, trying to calculate the severity of the 
           situation. 

           With only the briefest moment of hesitation he stands up, 
           folder in hand, throws on his coat and grabs his car keys. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - SAME

           Down in the basement, Mary is stuck in virtual blackness. 

                                 MARY
                             (under her breath)
                        Shit.

           In the dark she fumbles for something in her pockets. 

           The sounds of the rain freezing on the roof and sides of the 
           house is even more pronounced in the inky stillness.

           Mary flicks on a small disposable lighter from Willow’s 
           emergency box. 

           It creates a warm pool of light. The small success elicits a 
           brief smile from Mary. 

           Moving back to the door, Mary pulls it open.
           She smells it again. That strange odor. 

           On the floor, close to the door is what she came here for. A 
           pair of sturdy old hurricane lanterns. 

           She leans into the crawl space itself to reach them, bringing 
           with her the small pool of light. 

           She reaches down to grab the lanterns when she hears a noise 
           behind her, approaching from further down in the 
           claustrophobic crawl space. 

           She turns, holding her lighter out before her. 

           From the darkness emerges a horrible visage she knows all too 
           well. 

           The pale face, red-rimmed eyes and bloody stitched lips of 
           the boy from her nightmares. 

           All of a sudden he is right in front of her, almost on top of 
           her, his eyes wide.

           Mary opens her mouth to scream as she stumbles back, trying 
           to get away and out of the small space. 

           Before she can get very far she is knocked unconscious by 
           some unseen force. 

           DARKNESS engulfs us once again.

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           MARY’S POV:

           Mary’s eyes slowly start to flutter open. Her vision is hazy 
           at first. 

           She finds herself in the upstairs bathroom. 

           Like in her dream, the bathroom seems warmer, almost glowing. 
           The room is steamy. She can hear water trickling into the 
           already full tub.

           But now Mary is in the water. 

           She tries to sit up but finds that she can’t.

           Her head her throbs and she feels woozy. Her eyes drift shut 
           for a moment.

           She opens them again. 
           Stephen is leaning over her, looking down into her eyes. 

           END POV.

           Mary is naked in the bath which is full of hot soapy water. 

           Her hands are bound and strapped to the faucet. Her ankles 
           too are bound together and there is duct tape covering her 
           mouth.

           Stephen is sitting on Mary’s usual stool next to the tub, 
           leaning over her in the same way that she did.

           There are candles everywhere.

           The steamy room has a soft dreamlike feel. 

           Mary’s clothes have been removed and neatly folded in a pile 
           on the counter. 

           Mary moves to sit up again but Stephen gently pushes her 
           back. 

           Her eyes are wide with panic and confusion as she looks up at 
           her son. Straining against the tape on her mouth.

           Stephen smiles and sings a lullaby ever so softly under his 
           breath. 

           When he speaks, his voice is calm and soft. He takes the tone 
           of a mother talking to a young child: reassuring, gentle.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Hello mother. 

           Mary is even more thrown to hear him speak. She struggles 
           beneath his hand, trying to sit up but he holds her more 
           firmly down.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Shhh... shhh... it’s okay. There 
                        there. Shhhhh now. You’re awake. 

           He picks up the jug that Mary used to wash him and begins 
           pouring hot water over her hair, careful not to splash her 
           eyes. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        You’ve been sleeping for a long 
                        time. But now we’re both awake and 
                        it’s my turn to look after you. 
           He picks up a bottle of shampoo and squeezes some into his 
           palm. Cradling her neck, he begins lathering the shampoo into 
           her hair. 

           He touches a certain point on the back of her head that makes 
           Mary cringe in pain. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Oh, I’m sorry about that. I think I 
                        left a nasty bump. But you were 
                        ruining the surprise. 

           He continues rubbing the shampoo into her head. His movements 
           are sensual, slow. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        You always had such beautiful hair. 
                        And it always smells delicious. 
                        Like honeysuckle.

           He pours the jug of water slowly over her hair, rinsing it. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Doesn’t it feel wonderful to be 
                        washed. I love it when you bathe 
                        me. Your hands are always so soft. 

           He runs his hand lower over her body. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Doesn’t that feel good?

           Mary squirms underneath his touch. She thrashes in the tub 
           and strains to scream through her taped up mouth. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Now now mother. Be a good girl. 
                        There there now. Shhhhh.

           At Stephen’s calming touch, Mary starts to whimper. 

           She is afraid and confused and entirely at Stephen’s mercy 
           tied in the bathtub. 

           She makes a quieter noise, trying to speak. 

           Stephen reaches out and starts to lift a corner of the tape 
           over her mouth. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Will you be a good girl? If I take 
                        this off will you be good? I’d like 
                        to talk to you. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        And you know better than anyone 
                        that there’s no point in screaming 
                        in this house. 

           Mary nods her compliance and Stephen slowly peels off the 
           duct tape. 

           Mary takes deep lungfuls of air. She looks up at Stephen, not 
           sure what to say. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Hello mother. 

                                 MARY
                             (barely more than a 
                              whimper)
                        Stephen, what are you doing? What’s 
                        happening?

                                 STEPHEN
                        I’m taking care of you silly. Just 
                        like you take care of me.  

                                 MARY
                        Am I dreaming?

                                 STEPHEN
                             (stroking her cheek with a 
                              wet hand)
                        No my love. Not any more. 

                                 MARY
                        How are you doing this?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Moving? Talking? Being “awake”?

           Mary nods. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                             (like a naughty child 
                              telling a secret)
                        I was never really asleep. 

                                 MARY
                        What?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Well, I was. For a while. After the 
                        accident I woke up in the hospital 
                        and you were by my side. 

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:
           MONTAGE {ALL FROM STEPHEN’S POV - FOUR YEARS AGO}

           --Stephen’s eyes flutter open. There is a mirror above his 
           head. We see a 15 year old Stephen lying in a hospital bed. 
           He has small cuts on his face that have been neatly stitched. 
           He is hooked up to monitors and there is a tube going into 
           his mouth to help him breathe. 

           He turns his gaze and sees Mary sitting by his bedside. She 
           is younger and more beautiful though her eyes are red and 
           puffy. 

           Her face fills with hope and expectancy as she sees Stephen’s 
           eyes opening. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.)
                        You were waiting on my every move. 
                        So worried. So full of love. In the 
                        beginning I didn’t say anything to 
                        you because I was still angry. I 
                        wanted to punish you for sending me 
                        away. 

           --Some time later Stephen still in hospital, sits in a 
           similar room with a wall mirror. We see his cuts and bruises 
           have healed. The tubes have gone and he is lying propped up 
           in bed. Staring vacantly ahead. Mary is in the room, she is 
           standing talking to two doctors, looking agitated. A nurse 
           wipes Stephen’s mouth.

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        But then it became a game. The 
                        longer I didn’t speak the more 
                        worried everyone seemed to be and 
                        the more attention you gave me. 
                        Just because I didn’t, everyone 
                        assumed that I couldn’t.

                                                       BACK TO PRESENT:

           Mary is listening to Stephen’s story in horror and disbelief.

                                 MARY
                             (in denial)
                        No, no, no...

                                 STEPHEN
                             (chosing not to hear her)
                        You all made it so easy. 

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:
           --More time has elapsed in the hospital. Stephen is sitting 
           upright in a wheelchair and we can see his reflection in a 
           window. Mary looks frustrated and exhausted, sitting behind 
           him talking to another doctor who shakes his head, looking 
           baffled.

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        The doctors stood around scratching 
                        their heads and all I had to do was 
                        nothing. The more they told you how 
                        complex the brain is and how little 
                        we understand about brain damage, 
                        the easier I knew it would be. 

           --Now Stephen is at home, in his bedroom. Mary attends to his 
           every need and we see her through his eyes. The tireless 
           nurse, beautiful, close; leaning over him, touching him, 
           feeding him. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        You were taking such good care of 
                        me. I finally had you all to 
                        myself. 

                                                       BACK TO PRESENT:

                                 MARY
                        No. It can’t be true. You couldn’t. 

           He pauses and looks at his mother. Mary is shaking her head, 
           unable to process what he’s telling her. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        It was worth it. 

           Mary does not understand his meaning. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        The accident. I took a risk but it 
                        was worth it. 

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:

           --It is the late summer’s day of the opening. Younger Stephen 
           looks at himself in the side mirror of the car as his father, 
           RICHARD (35) drives. Richard is talking. We see his mouth 
           moving but hear nothing. Neither father nor son look happy.

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        He was taking me away. Away from 
                        this house. Away from you. I hated 
                        him.  
           The car is travelling fast down a near empty highway. Young 
           Stephen takes his eyes off the road and down to the seatbelt 
           buckle at his father’s side. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        I didn’t care if I died. As long as 
                        he did. 

           Young Stephen reaches out and releases Richard’s buckle. 

           As Richard looks down in confusion, Stephen grabs hold of the 
           wheel and pulls it sharply, sending the car into a wild spin 
           that sends them crashing into the barrier. 

                                                       BACK TO PRESENT:

           Mary opens her mouth in a paroxysm of grief. She struggles to 
           breathe. Her body tries to curl up into a foetal position but 
           the restraints make it difficult. 

           Stephen tenderly strokes her back, trying to soothe her.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        There, there. Shhhhh. It’s okay. 
                        It’s over now. I’m here. 

                                 MARY
                        How could you? How could you? Oh 
                        god. Stephen, you’re sick. You’re 
                        not well. 

                                 STEPHEN
                             (still calm)
                        You’re overreacting. I did it for 
                        us. So we could be together. I know 
                        it wasn’t you that wanted to send 
                        me to boarding school. It was him. 
                        I had to do it.

           Mary is crying more quietly now. Her head is bent forward 
           over her knees. 

           Stephen puts his hand on her head, stroking her wet hair 
           softly. 

           He twists his fingers in her hair and jerks her head back 
           sharply so that she is forced to look up at him. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                             (a flash of anger)
                        But now it looks like you’re trying 
                        to send me away again. 
           Mary gasps in pain. He holds her head far back exposing her 
           throat and making it hard to breathe. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Willowbrook Adult Care Home? Really 
                        mother? Are you just going to 
                        dispose of your only child?

           Just as quickly as it erupted, his anger subsides. 

           His fingers release their grip on Mary’s hair and he starts 
           stroking again. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                             (softly again)
                        It’s okay. I understand. I’m not 
                        your little boy any more. It’s time 
                        for me to be a man. That’s why I 
                        got you a new little boy. 

                                 MARY
                        What are you talking about?

                                 STEPHEN
                             (teasingly)
                        Come on, now. I know you’ve met him 
                        already. I wanted it to be a 
                        surprise but he’s just been so 
                        excited to see you. 

                                 MARY
                        The boy.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Yes! Now we can be a real family 
                        again. You and me and our son. 

                                 MARY
                        He’s alive?

                                 STEPHEN
                        Of course, silly! He’s downstairs 
                        right now. He can’t wait to meet 
                        his new mother. 

                                 MARY
                        What did you do to him?

                                 STEPHEN
                        I gave him a home. I’m giving him 
                        my mother. 

                                                          FLASHBACK TO:
           EXT. LOCAL BUS STOP - NIGHT

           STILL STEPHEN’S POV:

           It is a pitch black night and the air is freezing. The snow 
           on the ground is hard and frozen. 

           We are approaching a solitary street lamp on a lonely stretch 
           of road surrounded by fir trees that illuminates a small 
           bench with a little BUS STOP sign beside it. 

           On the bench sits a seven year old BOY. He is skinny and 
           shaking with cold, under-dressed in a cheap winter coat and a 
           woolly hat. He has a backpack with him and has been waiting 
           at the bus stop for some time. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.)
                        It was pure luck that I found him. 
                        In all the years I’ve been sneaking 
                        out no one ever saw me before. 

           We are getting closer. The boy looks up as he hears footsteps 
           in the snow. He struggles to see anything outside of the 
           street lamp’s pool of light. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        It was meant to be. There he was. 
                        No mother, no father. Waiting for a 
                        bus that wasn’t going to come. I 
                        told him that I had the greatest 
                        mother in the world and I asked him 
                        if he wanted to meet you. 

                                 MARY (O.S.)
                        What did you do to him?

           The boy sees the figure approaching him. He looks confused, a 
           little scared. He manages a small smile as we sit down beside 
           him on the bench.

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.)
                        I told him that there was a price 
                        if he wanted to meet you. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           STEPHEN’S POV:

           The boy is inside now, but it is dark and it is hard to tell 
           where we are. His hat and coat have been removed. He looks 
           nervous. 
           His eyes grow wide with fear as a hand reaches out and grabs 
           him by the face. The fingers pressing into his cheeks, 
           pushing his lips closed. 

           Another hand approaches, holding a big shiny needle threaded 
           with thick black twine. 

                                 STEPHEN (V.O.)
                        I’m going to make him just like I 
                        was. 

           The boy squirms in panic, desperately trying to get away as 
           the needle pierces his flesh and begins stitching his mouth 
           closed.

                                                       BACK TO PRESENT:

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Mary screws her eyes closed at the horror and reality of what 
           she is hearing. 

           Stephen stands up and moves over to the bathroom counter 
           where he picks up a bottle of his own prescription 
           medication: benzodiazepine. 

                                 MARY
                        I saw him. He came into my room. I 
                        thought I was...

                                 STEPHEN
                        Aren’t you relieved you’re not mad, 
                        mother? He’s quite real and quite 
                        alive. You’ll meet him soon enough. 
                        He’s not ready yet. I haven’t 
                        finished making him. 

                                 MARY
                        What are you doing to him?

                                 STEPHEN
                        We can’t have him running around 
                        anymore. 

                                 MARY
                        No, Stephen, no. Please, no. You 
                        need help. I can help you. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Oh dear. You’re becoming hysterical 
                        again. Why don’t you sleep it off? 
                        You’ve been doing that so well 
                        these days.
           Stephen takes hold of Mary’s face with one hand, his fingers 
           pressing into her cheeks, forcing her mouth open. 

           In the other hand he holds three sleeping pills. 

           She tries to close her mouth and turn her head away but he 
           holds her face tight.  

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                             (maternal, coaxing)
                        Come on now. There’s nothing to be 
                        scared of. I normally put one in 
                        your tea before bed but lately 
                        you’ve needed two to go down. Just 
                        be a good girl and swallow. 

           He pushes the pills into her mouth and holds her nose closed. 
           Then he rubs her gullet just as we saw her do to him. 

           As much as she tries to resist, she eventually swallows.

           Stephen releases her nose and forces her mouth open again, 
           checking that all three pills are gone. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Just making sure. 
                             (checking under her tongue 
                              with his finger, playful)
                        That’s where I like to hide them 
                        from you.
                             (finding nothing)
                        There’s a good girl. Now you just 
                        go to sleep and when you wake up 
                        he’ll be ready and we can be a 
                        happy family again. 

           He pulls the plug from the tub and the water level rapidly 
           drops. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Don’t want you drowning, do we?

           He pats her on the head and moves to the door, leaving Mary 
           alone and naked in the tub.

           I/E. DR WILSON’S CAR - NIGHT

           The conditions on the road are terrible as Dr Wilson drives 
           on the freeway. 

           The rain is coming down and the roads are covered in ice. Dr 
           Wilson is forced to drive slowly to avoid skidding. 
           His windscreen wipers move at full tilt trying to stop the 
           rain from freezing on the screen. 

           Beside him on the passenger seat is Mary’s case file. Her 
           address is at the top of a sheet of paper jutting out of the 
           file: 28 Delphi Lane. 

           Dr Wilson is holding the steering wheel with one hand and 
           holding a cell phone to his ear with the other. He is waiting 
           on hold.

                                 DR WILSON
                        Hello? No, please. I’ve been on 
                        hold already... Yes, I need you to 
                        send someone round to see Mary 
                        Portman at 28 Delphi Lane...She’s a 
                        patient of mine...No she hasn’t 
                        been in an accident. It’s more 
                        complicated than that... I think 
                        she’s being drugged. 

           His car begins to skid on the ice and he puts both hands on 
           the wheel to right it. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                             (back into the phone, 
                              frustrated)
                        Well when will they be able to get 
                        a car out to her?

           INT. BATHROOM, UPSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary, alone in the bathroom, listens to the sound of 
           Stephen’s footsteps receding down the stairs.

           She knows that she doesn’t have long before the pills knock 
           her out. 

           She tries to free her hands but the ties are too tight. She 
           looks around the bathroom for any means of escape. 

           There is a nail file sitting on the counter near her clothes. 
           It’s sharp but there’s no way she’ll be able to reach it. 

           Then her eyes light on the bottle of shampoo Stephen used to 
           wash her. 

           She leans forward and picks it up in her mouth.

           Flipping her head back she sucks some of the shampoo into her 
           mouth. 
           Dropping the bottle, she spits the viscose liquid onto the 
           ties around her wrists and uses it as a lubricant. 

           With some difficulty she manages to slide first one hand then 
           another out of the restraints. 

           She quickly undoes her feet and in one movement pulls herself 
           out of the tub and over to the toilet. 

           Kneeling on the floor, naked, she bends her head over the 
           bowl and sticks her fingers down her throat. 

           Her whole body heaves but nothing comes up. 

           She reaches back into the tub and takes the bottle of 
           shampoo, knocking it back and swallowing a mouthful.

           She tries again with her fingers and this time it works. 

           She vomits into the toilet and is gratified to see the three 
           sleeping pills, still relatively in tact. 

           No time to rest.

           Drawing on every last ounce of will in her body, she pulls 
           herself up and hurriedly pulls on her jeans and sweater. 

           She moves towards the small bathroom window above the toilet 
           and forces it open, cracking the thin layer of ice that had 
           formed around it. 

           Immediately, freezing air rushes into the bathroom, 
           extinguishing several of the candles.  

           Standing on top of the toilet, Mary puts her hands onto the 
           sill and sticks her head outside trying to see whether her 
           shoulders will fit. 

           Mary’s wet fingers freeze instantly to the ice surrounding 
           the window. Her hair forms ice crystals. 

           Looking down at frozen ground two storeys below, Mary 
           realizes that this is not a viable option. 

           Pulling herself back inside she peels her fingers from the 
           ice, ripping the skin painfully. 

           She looks towards the closed bathroom door. 
           I/E. DR WILSON’S CAR - NIGHT

           Visibility is dangerously low as Dr Wilson follows an exit 
           off the freeway. He is hunched over the wheel, squinting to 
           see through his iced-up windscreen. 

           INT. UPSTAIRS, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The house is quiet. Candles have been lit downstairs, casting 
           a low, flickering light. 

           Mary stands frozen outside the bathroom, listening for sounds 
           of Stephen’s whereabouts. There is only silence and the sound 
           of her own heart pounding. 

           Light on her feet, she tiptoes down the stairs and around to 
           the front door as fast as she can. 

           Her coat and boots are waiting for her by the door as always. 
           She silently throws on the coat and slips one barefoot into a 
           boot. 

           As she does so she hears the low MOAN that she heard before. 
           Only this time she knows it is not the wind. It’s a little 
           boy, crying out in pain. 

           Torn, Mary remains frozen. Then she hears it again, low and 
           plaintive, and she knows that she has no choice. A little boy 
           is lost in a storm and she is the only one who can save him.   

           She takes her foot back out of the boot and pads noiselessly 
           over to the top of the basement stairs. 

           INT. BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The basement is lit by two large hurricane lanterns placed on 
           the worktable. 

           Stephen is sitting at the table hunched over a book. On the 
           table is a home made surgical tray. Neatly composed of bits 
           and pieces from Richard’s fishing gear and tool kit: buck 
           knife, scissors, fishing twine, needle, rags. Beside the tray 
           is a hammer and a bag of shiny 4-inch nails.

           In one hand Stephen holds a sharp-edged chisel. He toys with 
           it, enjoying the weight of it in his hand. 

           The fingers of the other hand flit over a diagram of the 
           human body. 
           The book on the table is an outdated medical encyclopedia, a  
           household family-health book. It is opened to a page 
           entitled: THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 

           There is a simple diagram of the human nervous system, 
           intended for lay reference. Stephen runs his finger up and 
           down the red and blue lines of the SPINAL COLUMN.

                                 STEPHEN
                        Just a little incision. You won’t 
                        feel a thing. 

           In front of him we now see the body of THE BOY stretched out 
           and tied to a work bench. Face down and turned away from us.

           The boy’s body is skinny and dirty, naked but for his 
           underpants. It’s hard to tell if he is still alive until he 
           MOANS again. 

           Behind Stephen, moving in the shadows, Mary silently slips 
           into the basement. 

           Unaware of Mary’s arrival, Stephen moves round to the work 
           bench and kneels down beside the boy. 

           His delicate fingers reach out and begin fingering the 
           vertebrae of the boy’s lower back. He then takes the chisel 
           and positions it carefully at the base of the spine, nestled 
           between two bones. 

           Over by the door, Mary spots an old hunting rifle belonging 
           to Richard. It is mounted on the wall like a trophy, 
           gathering dust. 

           She lifts it gingerly from its mount and points it at 
           Stephen’s back. She edges cautiously closer, summoning the 
           courage to speak. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                             (without turning around)
                        Hello mother. You’re a slippery one 
                        aren’t you?

                                 MARY
                        Stephen, you need help. I’m trying 
                        to help you. You need to put down 
                        the chisel. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Maybe you’re the one that needs 
                        help mother. After all, you’re the 
                        one holding an unloaded gun. 
           Stephen turns back to the boy and his chisel, eyeing it up 
           like a carpenter.  

           Mary keeps edging ever so slowly closer. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Perhaps it’s better that you’re 
                        here. We can finish making him 
                        together. I can’t decide how deep 
                        to go to sever the cord. Do you 
                        know?

           Mary is almost upon him.

                                 MARY
                             (firmer now)
                        Stephen, move away from the boy.

                                 STEPHEN
                             (without looking up)
                        I’ve told you. It’s not loaded.

           The boy moans and Stephen turns to look up just as Mary 
           brings the butt of the shotgun down hard on his temple. 

           Stephen slumps sideways onto the floor and Mary puts down the 
           gun, rushing to the boy’s side. She still has not seen his 
           face. 

           Her fingers shaking, she unties first his ankles and then his 
           hands. Then, as gently as she can, she rolls him over onto 
           his back. 

           His face is as gruesome as she remembered it. But now she can 
           see that the wide red-rimmed eyes are filled with pain and 
           fear. 

           The boy looks up at her, terrified. He moans again, straining 
           against the crusted stitches at his lips.

           His suffering is palpable, almost unbearable for Mary. She 
           reaches back to the worktable and picks up a pair of sewing 
           scissors.  

           Stephen remains motionless on the floor, his body only partly 
           illuminated by the hurricane lantern. 

           Fighting the tremors in her hands, Mary gingerly uses the 
           small scissors to snip the half dozen black threads crossing 
           the boy’s lips. 

           Then helps him to sit up, cradling the boy in her arms 
           protectively like a mother.
           He looks into her eyes. His lips part, cracking the scabs a 
           little. 

                                 MARY
                        Shhhh. It’s okay. Don’t try and 
                        speak. 

           The boy is weak, floppy in her arms, exhausted. 

           She prepares herself to lift him but again, his lips move and 
           his hand reaches out to Mary’s face. 

           Mary leans down towards him, bringing her ear closer to his 
           mouth. 

           His lips start to move he struggles to get a sound out. Mary 
           leans even closer. 

                                 THE BOY
                             (barely a whisper)
                        Behind. You.

           From behind, Stephen grabs Mary’s hair and yanks her back, 
           sending her sprawling onto the floor. 

           Mary looks at the boy. Stephen is between them. 

                                 MARY
                             (calmly)
                        Run.

           The boy, alone on the bench, doesn’t move. Stephen is 
           clutching the glinting chisel in his right hand. He turns to 
           the boy and smiles. 

           Mary pulls herself up and throws herself at Stephen’s legs 
           before he can get to the bench. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                             (screaming now)
                        RUN!

           She slams into Stephen, tackling him to the floor. The boy is 
           spurned into action and leaps up, running for the door. 

           Mary and Stephen tussle on the floor. Stephen loses hold of 
           the chisel. 

           Mary is strong from lifting Stephen in and out of the bath 
           and now the adrenaline is pumping through her veins. Stephen 
           is slight for a man his age and the pair are evenly matched. 
           Managing to get the upper hand, Stephen rolls Mary onto her 
           back, pinning her down with his body and gripping both wrists 
           tightly. 

           Mary struggles but is unable to get Stephen off of her. 

           He smiles, enjoying his dominance. He sits up a little, 
           keeping her pinned. 

           Slowly, he lifts her left hand up to his face, his own 
           fingers vice-like around her wrist.

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Get. Off. Me. 

           Stephen smiles and then opens his mouth, inserting her ring 
           finger into his mouth. 

           Mary tries to pull away but he holds her hand firmly as he 
           starts sucking her finger. 

           Mary writhes beneath him, sickened and desperate to get out. 

           Stephen is enjoying watching her distress, getting off on it. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                             (desperate)
                        Please. 

           Stephen slowly, sensuously, pulls her finger out of his 
           mouth. 

           Just before the tip is free he sucks an inch of it back in 
           and without warning bites down hard. 

           Mary SCREAMS in agony, pulling her hand free and finding her 
           finger severed at the first knuckle. 

           Blood drips from Stephen’s lips as he spits the piece of 
           finger out. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        I didn’t want it to be like this. 
                        But you’re being a very bad girl, 
                        mother. 

           Mary clutches her bleeding hand to her chest, desperately 
           trying to stifle her cries, not wanting to give Stephen the 
           satisfaction of her suffering. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Maybe you’re the one I should be 
                        operating on. Would you like that? 
                                 (MORE)
                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Would you like me to take care of 
                        you from now on?

           Stephen sees the chisel on the floor only a couple of feet 
           away. He leans forward to reach for it. 

           As he does, Mary takes her chance. 

           She knees him as hard as she can in the groin and when he 
           collapses she darts up and out of the room. 

           INT. STAIRS TO THE BASEMENT, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary comes bursting out of the basement and immediately slams 
           the door closed behind her. 

           Without skipping a beat she grabs a collapsible ironing board 
           propped up nearby and wedges it under the door handle. 

           I/E. DR WILSON’S CAR - NIGHT

           Dr Wilson is still driving but now he is on smaller local 
           roads. There are ice-covered fir trees on either side of the 
           road. 

           His GPS system beeps, indicating that he has reached his 
           destination. Dr Wilson can’t see any houses, just dense trees 
           caked in ice. 

           Suddenly he spots the small wooden sign at the end of Mary’s 
           drive: 28 Delphi Lane. He’s going too fast to turn on this 
           ice. 

           Pulling the steering wheel down hard, Dr Wilson sends his car 
           into a dangerous skid. 

           Out of control on the slick road, Dr Wilson crashes the front 
           of his car into a large tree at the top of the drive.

           The house is only 100 yards away. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT

           Mary, clutching her bleeding hand to her chest, moves 
           silently and quickly between the rooms downstairs, looking 
           everywhere for the boy. 

                                 MARY
                             (calling out in a hushed 
                              voice)
                        Where are you?
           She spots a dirty scuff mark on the wall: a small smudged 
           hand print. She follows it.

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        We have to get out of here.

           Downstairs, the basement door rattles as Stephen tries to 
           open it from the inside. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        We have to go now. Where are you?

           She spots another scuff mark just outside of a linen closet.

           She opens the door and sees the usual array of little-worn 
           coats hanging on the rail. Folded towels on a shelf above. 

           Then she hears a small WHIMPER and looking up she sees the 
           boy curled up into a ball, hiding on the shelf just above 
           head height. 

           He is partly obscured by towels and Mary cannot reach him 
           securely enough to be able to pull him down. 

           The sound of Stephen SLAMMING against the door downstairs has 
           not subsided. It is only a matter of time before he breaks 
           through. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        We have to leave the house NOW. 
                        Come on, it’s okay, I’ve got you.

           The boy considers climbing down to her but downstairs the 
           sound of the BANGING changes his mind. 

           Their window to escape is getting smaller. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Shit. 

           Leaving the boy, Mary rushes round to the front door, and 
           throws it open. The freezing air rushes in immediately.

           She steps into her boots which sit waiting as always by the 
           door. She leaves a bloody hand print where she leans against 
           the wall for support.

           For a moment we think she is going to leave without the boy.  

           She steps out into the snow and ice making deep visible 
           footprints on the porch. 

           She lets go of her left hand and holds the bleeding stump 
           out, allowing blood to drip onto the pristine white ground. 
           Then, Mary steps backwards into the same three footprints she 
           just made until she is back inside. She whips off her boots 
           and puts them in the sideboard, careful not to bleed on 
           anything else. 

           Standing inside it looks very much as though someone has run 
           out into the darkness. 

           Satisfied with her work she rushes back inside leaving the 
           front door wide. The last remnants of warm air have left and 
           the house becomes dangerously cold. 

           Grabbing two dish towels from the kitchen Mary wraps her 
           bloody hand in one and then uses the other to clean off the 
           boy’s dirty hand marks leading to the linen closet. 

           BAM!

           Wood splinters. The door downstairs begins to give way. 

           Mary reaches the closet. 

           She wipes her blood from the door handle and with no other 
           choice, she steps inside the closet, underneath the boy who 
           remains huddled on the top shelf.  

           She pulls the slatted door closed and shuts her eyes, praying 
           for the best as she hears the door downstairs finally burst 
           open. 

           I/E. DR WILSON’S CAR - NIGHT

           Dr Wilson comes to in his car and finds himself propped up on 
           an airbag. He is not sure how long he has been unconscious 
           but he quickly regathers his senses and opens the door. 

           The air outside is bitterly cold and as he steps out of the 
           car he finds his legs are shaky. He staggers slowly toward 
           the house, trying not to slip on the ice. 

           Looking up he sees that the front door appears to be wide 
           open.

                                 DR WILSON
                             (calling out)
                        Mary? Mary are you there?

           Although the rain is slowing, the wind manages to drown out 
           the sound of his voice. 

           Dr Wilson continues to make his way towards the house. 
           INT. CLOSET, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Mary stands inside the closet, pressed against the hanging 
           coats in the confined space. She tries to still her shaking 
           limbs, listening. 

           Stephen’s footsteps can be heard ascending the stairs from 
           the basement. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.)
                             (calling out, playful)
                        Mother. Mother. 

           She hears his footsteps move towards the front door. 

           INT. FRONT HALL, DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Stephen stands at the front door looking out at the blood and 
           the footprints. His eyes scan the darkness. 

           He is about to follow the tracks outside when he notices 
           water on the floor. Melted ice. 

           He follows the drips to the sideboard and slides the door 
           open with his foot. 

           Mary’s boots sit inside, covered in snow and ice. 

           He smiles and turns back inside.

           Over his shoulder, through the open doorway, Dr Wilson 
           suddenly comes into view, approaching slowly at a distance. 

           INT. CLOSET, THE HOUSE - SAME

           Mary tries to be as silent as possible as Stephen’s footsteps 
           can be heard moving away from the front door, through the 
           downstairs living area. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.)
                        I know you’re still here mother. I 
                        can smell you. 

           Tears come to her eyes as she realizes that he is making his 
           way towards the closet. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Does naughty mother want to play 
                        hide and seek?

           She hears the sound of something dull and heavy being dragged 
           along the wall. It’s a hammer. 
                                 STEPHEN (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Ready or not. 

           Mary looks up to check on the boy. His eyes are fixed on the 
           slatted door in front of them. 

           The air throughout the house is freezing now. The boy’s warm 
           breath forms little clouds inside the closet. 

           Mary quickly realizes her own breath is doing the same. 

           INT. LIVING AREA, DOWNSTAIRS - SAME

           Stephen trails his hammer along the central wall like a child 
           along a fence. 

           His eyes dart around the darkness, searching. 

           He squats to look under the dining table. Nothing. 

           Behind him, we can see the linen closet only a few yards 
           away. A small cloud of warm breath escapes through the slats. 

           INT. CLOSET, THE HOUSE - SAME

           Realizing that her breathing is giving away their hiding 
           place, Mary covers her mouth with her hand. 

           She hears Stephen push the door to the den open with his 
           hammer. He is only a few feet from the closet now. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.)
                        I only want us to be together. 

           Mary can hear Stephen right outside the closet. She screws 
           her eyes tight, praying for a miracle. 

           Suddenly her prayers are answered. 

                                 DR WILSON (O.C.)
                             (faintly, from the 
                              direction of the front 
                              door)
                        Mary? Mary are you here? 

           Mary watches through the slats as the dark figure of Stephen 
           suddenly vanishes. 

           She exhales, her breath trembling. 
                                 DR WILSON (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                        Mary? Is anyone here? It’s Dr 
                        Wilson. 

           Mary is desperate to call out to him. 

           She can hear his voice at the front door. 

           But she doesn’t know where Stephen is. 

           I/E. FRONT DOOR, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Dr Wilson is standing in the open doorway. Slightly out of 
           breath, he holds onto the door frame for support. He peers 
           into the house. 

           Just out of sight, in the main living area, the flickering 
           candle light is extinguished. 

           Perhaps it was just the wind. 

                                 DR WILSON
                        Mary? Is that you? Stephen?

           Dr Wilson steps cautiously into the house. He is surprised by 
           how cold it is and instinctively closes the door behind him. 

           Without the moonlight it is even darker inside and as he 
           steps quietly into the house and round into the kitchen area 
           he struggles to see. 

           Fumbling, he pulls out a cell phone and presses a button to 
           illuminate the screen. 

           It throws a sickly weak light. Extending his arm he uses it 
           to illuminate a yard or so ahead of him. 

           He sweeps his arm 180 degrees, shedding a small arc of light 
           that reveals nothing. Emptiness. 

           He sweeps his arm back through 180 degrees. 

           Suddenly the light reveals Stephen, in his wheelchair, now 
           only a few feet away from him. Dr Wilson jumps in surprise. 

           Stephen’s face is vacant, his beautiful eyes have an empty 
           stare.

           Dr Wilson recovers from his shock and tries to regain control 
           of the situation. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Stephen. Where is your mother?
           There is no reaction from Stephen who remains static in his 
           wheelchair. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        Stephen I know what you’ve been 
                        doing. There’s no need to pretend. 
                        I saw you out of the chair. Where 
                        is your mother?

           Stephen’s eyes remain glassy, not reacting to Dr Wilson’s 
           accusation. 

           Almost invisible at first, his lips begin to move. A strange 
           murmur or whisper escapes them. 

                                 DR WILSON (CONT’D)
                        What did you say?

           Stephen makes the same quiet mumble, it’s not quite audible 
           but it sounds like he’s saying something. 

           Dr Wilson leans in closer. 

           His body hangs over Stephen’s wheelchair as he cranes his ear 
           to Stephen’s lips. 

           From behind we see Dr Wilson’s eyes suddenly go wide. 

           There is a soft sickening THUD.

           The sound of a kitchen knife being plunged into Dr Wilson’s 
           lower abdomen. 

           For a moment Dr Wilson is frozen, bent over Stephen’s chair.

           Stephen tilts his head back so that he is face to face with 
           Dr Wilson. 

           He makes eye contact and smiles.

           Then, slowly and precisely, Stephen drags the knife through 
           the muscle and flesh of Dr Wilson’s belly. 

           He is alive for every agonizing second of it. 

           INT. CLOSET, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Mary stands in the closet listening for any sound of Dr 
           Wilson or Stephen. 

           There is only silence. 
           BANG! She suddenly hears the sound of a hammer smashing a 
           nail into the wall only feet away from the closet.

           Mary jumps, biting her lip to keep quiet. 

           Another BANG. This time from slightly further away. 

           Then another, further still. 

           And another. 

           As terrified as she is, the banging gives away Stephen’s 
           location and Mary knows that this may be their only chance to 
           escape. 

           She silently motions to the boy to come down and this time he 
           does, allowing her to take him in her arms and gently lower 
           him to the floor. 

           Mary grabs a bathrobe from the pile of clean towels on the 
           shelf and wraps the boy in it, the sleeves hanging loosely at 
           his side. She finds a pair of old house slippers on the floor 
           of the closet and puts those on her feet. 

           The intermittent banging continues, on the far side of the 
           house now, by the front door. 

           Through the slatted closet door she can see the path to the 
           back door. 

           It’s only a few yards away and the way is clear.

           Mary takes her chance. 

           She slides open the closet door and puts a finger to her 
           lips, motioning to the boy to be quiet as she scoops him up 
           in her arms like a baby.

           She takes two silent steps over to the back door. 

           As silently as she can she turns the locks and pushes the 
           door open. 

           It opens an inch. She can smell freedom. 

           Then the door jams. 

           Mary pushes harder but it won’t budge. 

           She uses her shoulder to silently ram the door while 
           clutching the boy to her chest. 

           She looks out through the tiny open crack and sees snow piled 
           up high around the door. 
           EXT. BACK DOOR OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Outside in the bitter cold we see the back door from the 
           outside. 

           It has been pushed open an inch and the door shudders as Mary 
           pushes against it from the inside. 

           What we see from this perspective, however, is that it is not 
           just snow drifts blocking the door. 

           Slumped against the back door, with his neck wrapped in snow 
           chains, is the frozen body of Doug. His face and body encased 
           in clear hard ice. 

           The way his body is propped up against the door, he has 
           become a human door stop. 

           There is no way Mary will be able to get through. 

           INT. DOWNSTAIRS, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary realizes that her efforts are futile. She also fears 
           that the noise she’s making will alert Stephen to their 
           whereabouts. 

           She stops and pauses, listening for the sound of Stephen’s 
           hammering. 

           BANG!

           The sound has come from further around the house. 

           Mary takes her chance and, boy in her arms, she tip toes back 
           to the central wall, keeping close to it as she eyes the 
           dimly lit pathway to the front door. 

           She takes a step forward. 

           Nailed to the wall, below head height, is a long dark rope.

           The 4-inch nails glint, reflecting the moonlight, but Mary 
           does not stop to look. 

           She moves further along the wall. So too does the rope, 
           draped almost like tinsel against the wall with nails holding 
           it up every few feet. 

           Silence.

           Mary realizes she hasn’t heard Stephen’s hammer in a while. 
           She pauses, not moving, just listening. 
           Then, finally, she hears his FOOTSTEPS on the stairs. 

           He moves without haste, ascending the stairs until he is 
           directly above her on the balcony. 

           Mary hears him above her and hugs herself to the wall. 

           Stephen starts HUMMING, softly, the same tune that he was 
           singing when she was in the bath. 

           Then he moves along the balcony into one of the bedrooms. 

           Mary exhales and quickly resumes her journey to the front 
           door. 

           Rounding the corner Mary and the boy are within sight of the 
           front door. 

           The nailed rope disappears around the next corner and 
           something there catches Mary’s eye. 

           The wheels of Stephen’s wheelchair, jutting out almost 
           imperceptibly, and in the footrest, a pair of black leather 
           shoes. 

           Mary pauses. 

           Upstairs, she can clearly hear the sound of Stephen humming 
           and the HAMMERING has resumed. 

           She gently lowers the little boy to the floor by the front 
           door.

                                 MARY
                             (barely more than a 
                              whisper)
                        Dr Wilson?

           She takes a step forward. 

           Still all she can see is the front of the wheels. The rest of 
           the chair and its occupant are still obscured. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Dr Wilson is that you?

           She rounds the corner and drops to her knees as the wind is 
           knocked out of her. 

           Sitting in the wheelchair is Dr Wilson: his face pale and 
           cold with sweat. His jaw is slack and his eyes are open and 
           glassy. 

           He is only just alive. 
           His abdomen lies gaping, his clothes soaked with blood. 

           The dark rope that Mary saw nailed to the wall, wrapping half 
           way around the house, now hangs limply from the last nail in 
           the wall and down into his stomach, along with the rest of 
           his intestines.

           Mary, sitting on the floor with a look of abject horror on 
           her face, looks into Dr Wilson’s eyes. 

           With what tiny reserve of energy he has left, Dr Wilson lifts 
           his arm and reaches out his hand to Mary. Pleading. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                             (mouthing)
                        I’m sorry. 

           Backing up, Mary stands and moves back over to the front 
           door. 

           She moves with determination now. 

           She puts her hand on the front door and pulls. The door does 
           not move. 

           Immediately she sees three of Stephen’s large heavy duty 
           nails smashed into the wooden door, keeping it firmly in 
           place. 

           She pulls at one but she can’t get a purchase on it. It’s 
           useless. 

           Upstairs, Stephen is in another bedroom, HAMMERING. 

           He is sealing them in. 

           Mary looks around for another way out. 

           The ground floor windows are all nailed shut like the door 
           and their square French panes are too small to be worth 
           smashing. 

           Her eye lights on the large kitchen skylight, directly over 
           the wood-burning stove. 

           Mary kneels down in front of the boy. She lifts the hood of 
           the robe over his head. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Stay here, okay? Do not move. I’m 
                        going to get us out of here. 

           The boy nods.
           INT. MARY’S BEDROOM, UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS

           Stephen is in Mary’s bedroom, nailing down the last of the 
           windows. 

           He continues to hum, happy in his work. 

           THUD.

           He hears a loud noise from downstairs. 

           THUD.

           And another. He smiles. 

           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Mary has climbed onto the kitchen counter-top beside the 
           stove. Wielding a heavy skillet she is swinging at the glass 
           skylight sloping above her. 

           It is heavy with ice and snow and as she swings again the 
           impact makes a loud THUD accompanied by the sound of cracking 
           ice. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.)
                             (calling from upstairs)
                        Mother? Mother?

           Mary looks at the little boy, cowering by the front door. 

           She grits her teeth and puts everything she has into the last 
           swing. 

           CRASH!

           In a hail of glass, ice and snow, the skylight shatters, 
           falling to the floor and barely missing Mary who covers her 
           head with her arms and leans back out of the way. 

                                 STEPHEN (O.C.) (CONT’D)
                             (from the stairs)
                        What are you doing to our house 
                        mother?

           Mary reaches her arms out to the boy. 

                                 MARY
                        Come on. Come here. Let’s go. 

           The boy, cautious, steps slowly over the broken glass and ice 
           in his bare feet. 
           As soon as he is in reach, Mary bends down from the counter 
           top and scoops him up. One hand under each armpit. 

           Stephen reaches the bottom of the stairs. 

           Mary and Stephen make eye contact for a moment. 

           Mary doesn’t waste a second. 

           She hoists the boy over her head, lifting him towards the 
           open skylight. 

           The boy is light and Mary pushes him up and out onto the roof 
           almost instantly. 

           Stephen approaches. Slowly. Hammer in hand.

           Mary reaches up and, using her sleeves to protect her hands, 
           tries to lift herself up through the skylight. 

           This proves much harder. 

           EXT. THE ROOF - CONTINUOUS

           Mary’s head emerges into the cold night air. She manages to 
           lift herself a little higher, so that her elbows are resting 
           on the outside of the roof, her legs dangling beneath her. 

           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - SAME

           Stephen is below, inside the house, watching her struggle. 

           Cool and calm, he puts down the hammer and bends to pick up a 
           shard of glass. 

           EXT. THE ROOF - CONTINUOUS

           Mary is desperately trying to summon the strength to pull her 
           body clear. 

           The boy reaches out to her, trying to help, unable to do 
           anything. 

           She looks into his face and wills herself to do this. 

           She pushes down with her arms and lifts up another six 
           inches, her waist almost clearing the window frame. 
           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - SAME

           Stephen, with a quizzical look on his face, finds the 
           sharpest edge of his glass fragment, testing it with his 
           finger.

           Mary’s legs are dangling from the skylight, the back of her 
           knees at Stephen’s eye level.

           Pushing up the bottom of one leg of her jeans, Stephen 
           exposes the soft white skin of Mary’s calf.

           EXT. THE ROOF - CONTINUOUS

           Feeling his hand on her leg, Mary’s expression changes to 
           fear. 

           Then pain. 

           Her eyes screw shut and she lets out a scream in the freezing 
           air. 

           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Stephen has pressed the point of the glass shard into the 
           back of Mary’s calf muscle. 

           The cut is not deep but he keeps the fragment pressed into 
           her flesh as he slides the tip down her calf, slicing her 
           open all the way down her ankle. 

           He lets the slipper fall from her foot as the glass shard 
           continues to make its way down over her heel and down into 
           the soft underside of her foot. 

           Above him, Mary screams in pain, making Stephen smile. 

           When the glass has sliced through Mary’s foot all the way to 
           the tip of her big toe, Stephen lets it drop. 

           Blood drips profusely down Mary’s hanging leg. 

           Curious, almost childlike, Stephen leans forward and sniffs 
           the wound. 

           Then, tentatively, his tongue flicks out of his mouth and he 
           touches it to the wound. 

           He runs his tongue up the seam he has created in the back of 
           his mother’s leg. 

           Slowly he reaches up and puts his hands on her hips. 
           EXT. THE ROOF - SAME

           Mary, in agony, is barely able to keep hold of the ledge with 
           her upper body. She can feel Stephen taking hold of her.

           She looks at the little boy, wrapped in his robe on the ice 
           covered roof. He looks so small and alone. 

                                 MARY
                        Just hold on. I promise I’m going 
                        to come get you. 

           And then she’s gone. Pulled from beneath. Leaving the boy 
           alone and shivering. 

           INT. KITCHEN, THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Stephen is holding Mary from behind, pressing her up against 
           the counter beneath the open skylight from which she dropped. 

           Her hair is flecked with ice crystals and her hands are blue 
           with cold. The bloody stump of her ring finger has frozen 
           over.

           If it weren’t for Stephen pressing his whole body up against 
           her, leaning her against the counter, she would collapse. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        Why do you keep trying to leave me 
                        mother?

           He talks close into her ear and though his tone is calm, it 
           feels threatening, sexual. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Don’t you want us to be a family 
                        again? I thought he would bring us 
                        closer together but I can see that 
                        he’s just a distraction. 

           His hands are on her body, clutching her like a needy child.  

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        I’m the one you should be 
                        protecting. I’m the one. I’m your 
                        flesh and blood.

           His right hand moves down and grabs her violently by the 
           crotch. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        I came out of you. I’m part of you. 
           Mary winces. 

           A fleck of ice drops from her hair and lands on the stove-
           top. The heavy enamel lids that cover the cooking plates are 
           down but when the ice lands on them, the heat from the stove 
           is still enough to cause it to melt and evaporate. 

           Stephen nestles his face in Mary’s neck, his hand still 
           clutching her groin. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        We can be together now. There’s no 
                        one to stop us. 

           Mary closes her eyes. 

           Slowly, calmly, she slides her right hand down to rest on top 
           of his right hand. 

                                 MARY
                             (soft and soothing)
                        Shhhh. Shhhh. It’s okay. 

           She doesn’t try to move his hand. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        We’re together now. Everything’s 
                        going to be okay. 

           Tears are rolling down Mary’s cheeks. She tries to regulate 
           her breathing. 

           Slowly slowly she starts to shift his right hand up, over her 
           belly and toward her breast. 

           Stephen’s eyes are closed, breathing her in, as if seeking 
           comfort in her smell.

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        This is where you belong. 

           As gently as she can, Mary reaches her left hand out and 
           silently raises the heavy enamel cover of the stove-top 
           cooking plate. 

           Another tiny piece of ice drops from her hair and onto the 
           now exposed cooking plate. Instantly it SIZZLES and SPITS, 
           evaporating into steam. 

           Stephen is too absorbed to hear it. 

           With a swift decisive move Mary rips his hand from her body 
           and SLAMS it palm down onto the cooking plate. 
           With her left hand, Mary pulls down the heavy lid as hard as 
           she can, SMASHING his wrist and trapping his hand on the 
           burning plate. 

           His flesh immediately SEARS and Stephen screams out like a 
           wounded beast. 

           Mary grabs for a skillet on the kitchen counter. Before 
           Stephen can react she SWINGS it at him, catching him square 
           on the temple and knocking him to the floor. 

           He lies there inert. 

           Mary is still holding the skillet. She kneels over Stephen’s 
           body and raises it over her head, ready to smash his skull 
           in. 

           But she does nothing. 

           Unconscious, Stephen looks so peaceful. So innocent. She 
           cannot bring herself to kill him. 

           Instead she stands and moves over to the sideboard by the 
           front door. She pulls out the boots that she stashed there. 

           Gingerly she steps her bleeding foot into them, grabs 
           Stephen’s hammer from the kitchen counter and moves straight 
           for the front door. 

           She uses the tail of the hammer to quickly and efficiently 
           rip out the nails that were holding the door closed.

           She lets the hammer drop as she swings the front door wide 
           open. 

           The icy rain has stopped and the world outside is very still. 

           She breathes in the fresh air of freedom. 

           EXT. SIDE OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Mary is standing round the side of the house, helping the 
           little boy down from the sloped roof above the kitchen. 

                                 MARY
                        Come on. I’ve got you. 

           Carefully he clambers down into her arms and wraps his arms 
           around her neck, allowing her to carry him like a koala. 

           She moves carefully, wary of slipping as she limps across the 
           ice and to the garage. 
           The garage door is iced closed, there is no way she can get 
           it open. 

                                 MARY (CONT’D)
                        Fuck. 

           The boy, looking over her shoulder, is facing the opposite 
           direction. 

           He spots Dr Wilson’s car at the end of the drive. The door is 
           still open and the lights are on inside. 

           He taps her shoulder and points. 

           Mary is relieved to see the car but with the thick coating of 
           ice on the sloped drive it is a treacherous walk. 

           They set out slowly. 

           Mary watches carefully where she places each painful step. 

           The boy, head resting on her shoulder, looks back as the 
           house slowly gets further and further away. 

           They are less than half way when Mary stops. 

           She uses her arms to pull the boy away from her chest a 
           little. 

           Her clothes are wet and steaming. The boy has pissed himself. 

           Confused she leans him away from her so that she can see his 
           face. 

           He is frozen in fear. His eyes wide, his mouth gaping, 
           opening and closing but not making any sound. 

           He is staring back at the house. 

           Mary turns and sees what the boy sees: Stephen standing in 
           the open door way, hammer in hand. 

           He is angry.

                                 STEPHEN
                             (guttural, loud)
                        MOTHER.

           He steps off the porch towards them.

           Mary turns and tries to run. 

           She is only 60 yards from the car. She clutches the boy to 
           her chest and moves as fast as she can. 
           She turns her head back towards the house. 

           Stephen is gaining on her. He spits up blood as he strides 
           after them. He has a wild look in his eyes.

           Turning back to run, Mary slips, losing her footing on the 
           ice. 

           She manages to regain her balance just before hitting the 
           floor. She keeps running on the ice. 

           Too scared to look back again, she hears Stephen gaining on 
           them. His BREATH coming fast and hard. 

           Suddenly Mary goes sprawling, landing hard on the ice.

           In a split second, Stephen is on top of them. 

           The boy is thrown out from under her. 

           Her lip SMASHES and SPLITS on the frozen ground. 

           Stephen kneels over her, pinning her to the floor. 

           She is dazed from the fall. 

           MARY’S POV. 

           The sky above is jet black and perfectly clear now. 

           Stephen’s bleeding face hovers over her, lit by the 
           moonlight. His eyes are manic. 

           Mary struggles to focus. 

           Tilting her head back she sees (upside down) the boy, 
           sprawled on the ground a few feet away, his robe flapping 
           open.

           END POV.

           Stephen clutches his burned right hand to his chest and the 
           hammer in his left. 

           Letting the hammer rest momentarily on Mary’s chest, he 
           fumbles for something in his shirt pocket with his left hand.

           He pulls out a 4-inch nail and places it gingerly between his 
           blistered fingers. 

           His charred hand hovers over Mary’s face, the point of the 
           nail positioned right between her eyes. 

           He picks up the hammer again. 
           When he speaks his voice is different, full of anger, malice 
           and pain.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        I did this for you, you fucking 
                        bitch. 

           Mary cranes her neck back again to see the little boy 
           stirring on the ice. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Don’t look at him. Look at me! I’m 
                        your son. I’m your fucking son. 

           Mary turns her eyes back to look at him. 

           The fight seems to have left her now. 

           Stephen is weeping, angrily, spit falling from his mouth. 

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        I’m your little boy. I’m the one. 
                        Don’t send me away. Don’t send me 
                        away.

           Mary tries to speak but the weight of Stephen sitting on her 
           chest and the blood pumping from her lip and into her mouth 
           chokes her and makes her cough. 

           She tries again to speak. 

                                 MARY
                             (barely audible)
                        Kill me.

           Stephen lifts the hammer. 

                                 STEPHEN
                             (sobbing like a child)
                        You made me do this, mother. I’m 
                        sorry. I’m sorry. 

                                 MARY
                        Kill me. Just don’t hurt him. Don’t 
                        hurt him Stephen. 

           Stephen stops crying instantly. He moves the nail from her 
           forehead. 

                                 STEPHEN
                        What did you say?
                                 MARY
                        Just let him go. He’s just a boy. 
                        Please.

                                 STEPHEN
                        You’re still thinking about him. 
                        What about me? I’m just a boy too. 

           With that, Stephen grabs for Mary’s hand, opening it palm up 
           against the ground. 

           He places the nail in the centre of the fleshy part of her 
           hand and raises the hammer high.

           In one swift blow he brings it SLAMMING down hard and true, 
           pushing the nail deep into the frozen earth. 

           Mary nearly vomits as the pain sears up her arm.

                                 STEPHEN (CONT’D)
                        Since you’re so worried, mother, 
                        I’m going to let you see what 
                        happens to your precious boy before 
                        I kill you. 

                                 MARY
                        No. Stephen. No. Please.

                                 STEPHEN
                        None of us are getting out of her 
                        mother. None of us are leaving. But 
                        it’s good to know that he’s the 
                        only one you care about. 

           Stephen stands up, leaving her pinned to the ground by her 
           hand. 

           She rolls over, towards the pinned hand, and sees Stephen 
           move closer to the boy. 

           She looks at the head of the nail, glinting in the moonlight. 

           She looks back at the half naked child lying helpless on the 
           ground.

           Gritting her teeth, spitting out blood, she grabs hold of her 
           wrist with her free hand and pulls her palm up the shaft of 
           the nail. 

           The pain is excruciating. 

           The hand stops when the flesh meets the wide nail head. 

           Mary looks up once again. 
           She sees Stephen lower himself to kneel beside the boy, the 
           hammer hanging in his left hand. 

           She steels herself and in one awful, ripping motion, she 
           tears her hand up and over the nail head, destroying ligament 
           and bone as she does.  

           Without stopping to think of the pain she comes to stand and 
           throws herself at Stephen, tackling him from behind and 
           knocking him back to the ground.

           She is like a wild animal, savage, bloodied, unstoppable. 

           She takes Stephen’s head between her hands, gripping his 
           ears, and before he knows what has hit him, she smashes his 
           head into the iron-like earth beneath.

           Again, she raises his skull between her hands and smashes it 
           down as hard as she can. 

           Again. 

           And again. 

           Until dark blood seeps out from behind Stephen’s shattered 
           skull and the body beneath her is limp. 

           Her arms stop moving as she slumps over his body, her body 
           wracked with silent sobs. 

           After a moment, her crying stops. 

           She lifts her head and looks at her son. 

           He is still now. Peaceful. His beautiful blue eyes are once 
           again empty. 

           Tenderly she places her arms beneath his body and easily 
           lifts him into her lap. 

           She is numb to the cold, the pain, the anguish. 

           She turns to see the little boy standing, moving towards her. 

           She looks into his eyes and smiles. 

           We begin to lift, higher and higher, above the three figures 
           in the driveway. 

           The moon shines brightly upon this frozen world.

                                                         FADE TO BLACK.
