                                     THE SURVIVALIST

                                            By

                                 Stephen Fingleton

                                       03/03/2012
           Black two-dimensional space.

           We are racing alongside a perfectly horizontal RED LINE.

           It begins to curve and ascend. The red line becomes
           thinner as we pull back...

           To reveal a BLUE LINE rising in parallel below it.

           Pulling back further...

           The horizontal and vertical axes of a GRAPH become
           visible. The red line maps WORLD POPULATION and the blue
           line OIL PRODUCTION.

           We are moving through time - hundreds of years.

           We reach the 20th century. The lines SPIKE.

           We ZOOM towards the lines as they race up the
           near-vertical face of an exponential curve.

           UP...

           UP...

           The blue line - OIL PRODUCTION - begins to level off.

           Flatten.

           The red line - WORLD POPULATION - keeps racing up.

           The blue line dips into decline. It forms a smoothe,
           elegant curve downwards that perfectly mirrors its ascent
           - what mathematicians would call a bell curve.

           We move closer to the red line, still spiking...

           It begins to level off...

           The red line CRASHES.

           DOWN.

           DOWN.

           DOWN.

           Curving...

           Levelling off...

           Horizontal again.

           AS BEFORE: A red line bisecting a black screen.

                                                            MATCH FADE TO:
           EXT. A FOREST - DAY

           The HORIZON LINE is blurred but visible behind rows of
           trees.

           We are creeping up the incline of a small hill, rolling
           over velvet green ferns, rotting branches, jet-black soil.

           The gentle murmur and buzz of lifeforms. Dank gloom clings
           to the forest floor.

           Out of the murk... a white slither of luminescence.

           The wispy root and cap of a MUSHROOM, growing under the
           roots of a tree.

           TITLE OVER:

           Winter

           A grubby hand plucks the mushroom.

           It’s brought to bearded mouth. Nostrils flare, sniff the
           wide rim of the speckled cap.

           The trained eye would recognise it as the fruit of the
           fungus amanita phalloides, but it is more widely known by
           the colloquial name of-

           The mouth BITES into it.

                                         ... no matter, now.

           The mouth chews slowly, tongue letting taste take form.

           A bigger bite, devouring half the cap. Pink eyes close,
           water in pleasure. Nourishment; the eater is
           half-starving.

           But he knows to save it. He wraps the uneaten part in
           plastic. Scoops the rest of the troop and wraps them as
           well. He puts them all in what would have been a gym bag
           in a former life.

           Then he gets back on his feet and continues uphill...

                                                                  FADE TO:

           The FORAGER making a trail through undergrowth.

           He is 38, but looks ten years older. He’s unwashed,
           ravenous, tramp-like - except his eyes aren’t grey and
           washed out, they’re keen and alive and trailing the ground
           for more food.

           He stops.

           Listens.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           The sound of water.

           He ambles on the spot, trying to divine the source.

           He scrabbles over a fallen tree, down towards a dip in the
           forest. He bursts through branches to find:

           A clear stream, running over rocks.

           Forager skids down the bank onto his knees, cups greedy
           palm-fulls of water to his mouth. It taps a vein of
           pleasure. He splashes it onto his face, scrubbing dirt off
           with the heel of his hand.

           His hand slows, stops - his eyes fix upstream.

           Clothes, lain across the rocks.

           Forager suddenly has a hunting knife in his hand. His eyes
           dart around, looking for shapes in the shadows, watchers
           in the fading winter light.

           The trees stand silent and alone.

           He tucks the knife back in his waistband.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           Forager stalks the strange smell. Quiet as you like, feet
           gentle against the forest floor, movements slowed to keep
           the friction of his coat’s fabric to a whisper.

           The scent leads to a clearing. Rotting stumps surround two
           compost heaps of branch and humus.

           A glint through the trees up ahead.

           He draws closer, darting between tree trunks.

           Between the branches he sees the shape of a cabin emerge;
           light bounces off what looks like a solar panel on the
           roof.

           His foot steps on wire.

           He looks down: agricultural mesh, sunk into brown soil - a
           makeshift pest barrier.

           Getting closer, he finds the south-facing cabin overlooks
           an abundant farm plot.

           Mainly root vegetables, but with some hardy cabbages still
           above ground. It’s about four hectares in area, circling
           around the cabin: small, enough to miss, but carefully
           managed for maximum yield. To the side of the plot is a
           long polytunnel to house less hardy planets, and a cold
           frame for seeding nearby.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Forager stays in the darkness. He studies the window of
           the cabin, watching for The Other.

           Then he steps onto the soil. His hands dig deep and pull
           up... a turnip. He pulls out more, stuffs them in his bag.
           Carrots. Rhubarb.

           He tramples the mesh, pulls out one of the cabbages. His
           bag is full, so he grabs it in both hands.

           He races to tree cover again, taking a different route
           downhill, eyes over shoulders.

           The cabin disappears from view.

           Satisfied, he allows himself a mouthful of the raw, dirty
           cabbage. His yellow incisors sink into the leaf...

           ... and his foot steps on a MANTRAP.

           Metal jaws SNAP into his leg.

           He topples forward into the dirt. The cabbage rolls
           downhill.

           His hands feel down his leg, find the metal... he looks
           down to see the jaws dug deep in below the knee. Blood
           laps onto the metal grill.

           He looks away. His mouth lets out a thin, breathy wail -
           he bites his finger, choking off the scream.

           He looks at the device; an antique, oversized steel
           poacher trap. He finds the grips to open the vice have
           been filed off.

           He reaches to some of the exposed teeth and gets his hands
           between them. The vice and his hands are slick with blood.
           He pulls the jaws open, with all the malnourished strength
           he has.

           He gets it an inch, a little more. He heaves, trembling
           with exertion.

           Another inch.

           His hands SLIP...

           The jaws SNAP shut, sink deeper into his leg.

           He CRIES out this time.

           Tears down his face.

           Shallow breaths. Shallow breaths becoming something
           deeper. Nausea.

           He throws up. His vomit is watery, acrid spittle.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           He has to lie beside it.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           The light is dying now.

           In his misery, he realises he’s not alone.

           The Other is uphill. He wears black gloves and a
           windbreaker, and holds a double-barrelled shotgun with
           steady aim.

           He is the SURVIVALIST. His face reads about 35, beneath an
           overgrown, man-in-the-woods beard.

           Slow as you like, Survivalist edges downhill, gun always
           trained on his quarry’s head.

           Forager slips his hand behind his back. He’s trembling,
           fly in web fearful.

           Survivalist crouches in front of him, just out of swing
           range. He leans closer, reaching for the bag...

           ... Forager finds the knife isn’t in his waistband.
           Fingers dab the ground, desperate, trying to find the
           handle.

           Survivalist opens the bag. He begins taking out the
           vegetables Forager stole. Turnips. Carrots. A rhubarb.

           Deeper in, he finds a hard cover Bible. A plastic lighter.
           A crusted driving license - it takes Survivalist a couple
           of glances to confirm the man in the portrait is the same
           as the wretch in the trap.

           Some foraged food - berries and nuts in a cracked jar.
           Survivalist sets these aside for himself.

           Then he finds the plastic wrapped mushrooms. He inspects
           the fresh white incisor marks on one. It gives him pause.
           He notices the vomit at Forager’s side.

           Forager follows his eyeline.

           The botanical name is amanita phalloides...

           Survivalist tosses the mushrooms to Forager’s side.

           ... but the more colloquial name is Death Caps.

           Forager retches. He shoves fingers deep in his mouth.
           Retches more. Thick spittle sticks to his lips. Nothing of
           substance.

           The forest murmurs. The jaws in his leg a distant memory.

           Forager gasps for air.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Then his breath slows.

           Past the shock. A muscle somewhere, deep down, the one
           that’s kept him straining with every sinew to stay alive,
           relaxes a little. Winding down.

           Survivalist puts everything back in the bag. He takes it
           with him and he starts back up the hill.

           He pauses. Stoops and picks up something.

           He tosses Forager’s knife back to him.

           The trees are black fractals against the deep blue sky.
           The sounds of the forest night; owls, buzzing insects,
           swaying trees. And beneath it all, the low, fading rasp of
           the Forager.

           This could be the first night. Could be the second.

           Forager’s vomit splattered face stares up into space. Even
           in the dim starlight, the lividity of his skin is ghastly
           and visible.

           With a sudden decisiveness, he reaches with the knife and
           cuts hard. He looks away from the pumping artery and
           focusses on the sky above.

           You can really see the stars in this world; no light
           pollution to block them out. They seem bright and close
           enough to touch.

           He looks up into the sky - into us.

           Some personal irony comes to mind, and he grins.

                                                              MATCH CUT TO

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Daylight on Survivalist’s face, staring at the ceiling -
           into us.

           Thinking of the task at hand.

           He gets out of bed, military-discipline. He unbuttons his
           thermal one-piece and steps under his ’shower’ - a basin
           beneath a nozzled pipe from the solar panel heated water
           above. He rubs the water on his skin. No soap, obviously.

           He dresses; two pairs of socks, patched and sown. Jeans.
           Shirt over the thermals, black polo-neck jumper over the
           shirt.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           He eats cold food direct from saucepan on his metal hob. A
           mash of turnips and potatoes. It looks neither tasty nor
           nutritious, judging from his skin in the morning light.
           Winter means fallow eating.

           He looks out the window, glass with makeshift cling-film
           insulation. His gaze drifts downhill, past his farm plot.

           He turns to the wall, lined with tools on hooks. Stainless
           steel - worn, but well maintained; spade, shovel, rake,
           hoe, hand tools.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           Survivalist emerges from the cabin holding a shovel, the
           shotgun strapped over his shoulder. (Unless otherwise
           specified, he always carries the shotgun with him).

           He walks due west, towards an off-plot piece of land.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Survivalist sinks the shovel into soft, damp earth. He
           begins digging a foot deep trench adjacent to the other
           two buzzing compost heaps. The trench is too shallow for a
           grave.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist threads through trees, bending to pick twigs,
           small branches, stones.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Returning to the heaps, he drops his gatherings into the
           half-filled trench.

           Now he’s patting it down with soft, loose earth.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The Forager’s body is still in the trap, gallows grin now
           a deathly grimace.

           Browned blood spattered on dark clothes; bright red blood
           on the Forager’s cheeks stands out. Been picked at -
           perhaps Survivalist’s approach scared off a creature of
           the forest.

           Survivalist strips the body.

           His thumbs hook under the man’s greasy underwear and pull
           them off.
           He raises the Forager’s jumper to his own chest; a fit.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Survivalist drags the naked body, backside covered in mud,
           along the periphery of the crops.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           He drags the body into the filled trench.

           Shovels soil over it.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY (LATER)

           It’s beginning to get dark. Survivalist pats down the
           fresh heap.

           Although the other two heaps are in various states of
           decomposition and atrophy, the new compost heap is
           uncannily similar in dimensions.

           He unbuttons his jeans.

           A patter of piss christens the heap.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist slams the cabin door. Locks several bolts.

           He takes the Forager’s belongings and crouches by the
           stove. He opens the King James Bible.

           An inscription on the first page:

           ’For Mark, from your loving mother’.

           He rips the page out and lights it with the plastic
           lighter. A short burst, conserving fuel. He uses it to
           light the chopped wood in the stove. Flame light suffuses
           the chamber.

           Survivalist stands and lifts a wooden board by the wall.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           The warm light of the flame-lit windows is stark in the
           gloomy forest; one by one they are blacked out.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM
                                       - NIGHT

           Survivalist continues through the Forager’s personals in
           the stove light.

           A bundle of very high denomination sterling notes. He
           burns them.

           A torch with dynamo handle. He winds it; the LED bulb
           comes to life. He sets it aside.

           Inspecting the dead man’s jacket now. Pockets empty. He
           feels the material...

           He pulls a bundle of photographs from inside the seam.
           Elastic band-tied family snaps... the Forager with family.
           A perma-tanned wife. In-laws. Barbeques.

           In some, a camera-shy young woman hiding at the periphery,
           hand blocking lens, or back to camera. He flicks through
           them, tossing them into the fire as he goes.

           A solo picture of the young woman; a put-on smile as she
           relents to the sprung-upon camera, pretty but not
           beautiful.

           He sets it aside and thumbs through the other photographs
           - finds two more of her.

           He tosses the rest into the stove. His face is bright in
           the flame-flare, staring into her image.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Survivalist digs over a stretch of barren winter plot.

           He stamps shovel into dry topsoil, tipping it into a
           trench and creating a new cavity in the process. He works
           backwards, turning the soil along a given strip. It’s
           hard, heavy work.

           He scoops compost from a wheelbarrow and layers it over
           the broken earth.

           A piece of yellow-white bone juts out of the soil.

           His shovel slices it deep into the ground.
           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist sets damp clothes on bare branches to dry. He
           dips a heavy bucket in the stream and fills it.

           EXT. CABIN - DAY

           Survivalist climbs a ladder against the cabin wall. He
           hoists the water bucket in one hand.

           At the roof, he tips the water into a funnel for his solar
           heating panels.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Survivalist squats near a tree, reading the King James
           Bible.

           He squints at the text. The strange language, world,
           rules, laws.

           He tears a page off.

           Wipes.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist lifts a shoebox into the light of the rear
           window. Inside are rows of small envelopes.

           He flips through the handwritten crop names; Marrow, Leek,
           Comfrey, Runner Bean... Onion.

           He pulls it out.

           Survivalist sets a measuring stick across a large,
           soil-filled seed tray.

           He lays seeds across the soil at regular intervals.

           He fingers seeds into the soil.

           He lifts the seed tray to a lower surface. Unbuttons his
           flies.

           Waits.

           Nothing comes out.

           Idling, he looks around the seed room walls. Old, yellowed
           agricultural posters. Plant guides. Nutrition charts.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist shuffles to the table top, hoisting his
           trousers with one hand, chap still out.

           He downs some water direct from a jug.

           As he sets it down on the table, he sees the photographs
           of the woman. His gaze holds on it.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Standing over the seeds again.

           Not a drip.

           He flexes his penis vainly.

           His expression changes, a different kind of frustration
           emerging.

           With some hesitation, he takes out the picture of the
           young woman from his shirt pocket.

           He flexes his penis more.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist scrubs cum off his hand in a basin.

           He walks through to the seed tray again.

           After a moment’s hesitation, a post-coital piss begins to
           patter.

           EXT. CABIN - DAY

           Heavy rain slides down the roof onto the ground in front
           of the cabin.

           Survivalist, in slicked raincoat, digs drainage trenches
           down the incline of the farm plot.

           Water floods down the trench and splashes against his
           shovel.

           The rain has stopped.

           Survivalist sits in the doorway, a blanket cloaked over
           him, shivering in the cold. He spits on his hands and rubs
           them warm.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           It is near dark. Survivalist looks into the dark blue of
           the sky. He goes inside. Through the doorway, we can see
           him tear a page out of the bible, using it as fire kindle
           for the stove.

           He closes the door and blocks the windows out. Smoke
           emerges from the chimney, almost imperceptible against the
           deep blue of the sky.

                                                            MATCH FADE TO:

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           The sky, day-lit but overcast.

           On the soil below, Survivalist is on his knees,
           methodically weeding the ground with a hoe. He creeps
           across the narrow walkway, and keeps his boots anchored in
           the air to avoid spreading soil from one bed to another.

           He finds a hard root-weed jutting out of the soil next to
           his potatoes.

           He takes a hoe from his side and cuts at the weed. He
           pulls at the split end, but finds the deeper root keeping
           it in place. It is a complete bastard to take out.

           Survivalist pulls the root again... tight. It cuts into
           his fingers.

           He grunts and lets go. The root hangs limp in his fingers.
           He idles, looking up at the trees.

           Heavy breath and the sound of birds.

           He leans forward and pulls it again...

           A hand touches his shoulder.

           He STARTS, rolls forward onto the soil.

           He spins and brings up the gun into...

           EMPTY SPACE.

           No one there.

           He tilts the gun around - strains neck and gets back onto
           his feet. Tense, trigger aware.

           He breathes out the shock.

           Then he kneels again - a quick look around...

           With renewed vigour, he tugs at the root. Sods spill as
           his red-raw grip finds purchase.
           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist runs his hand along bark. He looks at a young
           tree near the edge of a clearing.

           He checks the angle of the trunk and uses a slicked thumb
           to test the wind.

           His axe SLAMS into the bark.

           He cuts an angle into the side facing the clearing, where
           the tree will fall.

           EXT. COLD FRAME - DAY

           Survivalist uses a hand-trowel to create sinks in the
           soil.

           He gently presses the sprouted onion seeds into the sinks,
           careful not to damage the roots.

           INT. FARM, FOOD STORAGE BIN - DAY

           Darkness, split by blinding light as the heavy wooden lid
           is opened. Survivalist gazes in on-

           Bags of vegetables, strings of dried onions, dried garlic,
           dried herbs.

           He hoists out a bag of potatoes.

           EXT. FARM, FOOD STORAGE BIN - DAY

           Survivalist lays the potatoes out on a plastic sheet. He
           sorts through them, sniffing them closely.

           He ponders on one - squeezes it. Rot. He chucks it aside.

           He works intensely, and doesn’t seem to notice a figure
           standing in the woods nearby.

           He finds a slug nestling on the underside of a potato. He
           picks it off and sets it on the ground.

           His hand freezes.

           He looks over his shoulder. Studies the Figure... a GAUNT
           LADY, black eyes etched out above stark cheek bones.

           Survivalist shows no surprise.

           Slowly... with effort... he turns away from the Gaunt
           Lady, and returns to working on the potatoes.

                                                                  FADE TO:
           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist carries a basket in a clearing near dead
           trees.

           He reaches behind a rotting trunk... picks a troop of
           small, red mushrooms.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           Survivalist thumbs small shrooms into his mouth, one by
           one.

           He is lying with his back hard against a tree. He is slow
           and methodical, chewing them slowly. His expression is
           drowsy and still; he stares into the dark corridors
           between the illuminated trees. A gentle breeze makes the
           presence of the forest felt.

           He stretches out his hand and spans fingers against the
           glittering forest light. Light breaks and hides behind his
           tilting hand.

           Everything is now sufficiently vivid...

           He takes the dog-eared picture of the woman from his shirt
           pocket. He loosens his trousers, staring at her.

           Her details - the water in the background - the scruff of
           her shirt - almost seem alive.

           His breath becomes heavy and rhythmical through his
           nostrils. The photo trembles with the beat of his other
           hand.

           It stills.

           The Gaunt Lady stands some distance away in the clearing,
           staring. Survivalist ignores her, and returns focus to the
           photo.

           The image is now grey and inanimate.

           Survivalist looks up; The Figure is suddenly closer, eyes
           wide open, her gaze unyielding.

           Survivalist stands and hoists his trousers.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Survivalist sits on a garden stool and looks at the
           picture once again. His breath grows heavier.

           The Gaunt Lady stands nearby.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist tries to continue, fixing eyes on the vivid
           picture-

           He stops. He stands and waddles towards the cabin,
           trousers at ankles. The Gaunt Lady’s gaze follows him.

           INT. CABIN - DAY

           Lying on the bed, holding picture above him, Survivalist
           strains to get himself aroused.

           The Gaunt Lady ambles up the farm, stepping into view
           beyond the door frame.

           Survivalist grunts, gets up and SLAMS the door.

                                                                      BLACK

                                                                   FADE UP

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           An AXE chops through wood. Survivalist hitches a boot
           against the stump, pulls out the axe-blade.

           He SMASHES the axe in again. The wood splits completely
           this time.

           This is slow, wearying work.

           Another piece, holding it in place...

           He SLAMS the axe.

           His setting hand SLIPS.

           His chopping hand is already raised, ready to harry more
           wood.

           The axe wavers above his wrist. The adrenaline of the near
           miss translates into something else...

           He considers the cut. He raises the axe.

           Bird chatter. Sun corridors. A breeze against the young
           leaves.

           Slowly... he lowers the axe.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist pushes firewood through the grill of the
           stove.

           He takes the now marbled and dog-eared photos of the girl
           from his pocket.

           Tears them into pieces. Throws them inside the grill.

           Survivalist stares at the torn fragments of the woman’s
           features, lain on wood kindle. He lights them.

           They warp and curl in the heat of the flames.

                                                              SLOW FADE TO

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Grey light. Survivalist makes a fresh track through the
           forest. (He avoids making regular tracks which might leave
           a trail).

           He reaches the stream - his clothes lain on rocks.
           Crouching, he holds up a white shirt.

           Something strange; in this light, it almost seems pink.

           His gun is up, elbow raised to keep the range good and
           wide. His back finds the bank. He glances and aims, doing
           visual clearance of his surroundings.

           He swings gun behind him.

           No movement, except the water at his feet and the sway of
           the trees.

           He stands there listening. He can hear the birds. They’re
           here. No one else is.

           His gaze drifts upstream.

           Higher in the forest, the stream as his guide, he moves
           tree to tree for cover. Slow, cautious progress.

           A clearing ahead. He can see some torn clothes on the
           silty bank. Fabric stamped into the ground with heavy boot
           marks.

           His eyes lock on SOMETHING in the stream:

           The red ribs of a devoured human carcass rise into view. A
           bird pecks them free of remaining flesh, revealing the
           ghastly white bone beneath.
           Survivalist sinks back into the forest.

           EXT. FARM’S EDGE, TREES - NIGHT

           Dark branches obscure the cabin below, marked out in stark
           moonlight.

           This is the Survivalist’s view; he is high in the trees,
           shotgun at the ready, hidden behind a maze of branches.

           His eyes drift - he’s been here a while.

           He takes out the lighter and cups a flame in his hand. He
           burns his palm - already red and blistered.

           A wince of pain... but it gives him the juice he needs for
           a few more minutes of concentration.

                                                                   FADE TO

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The dull, metallic teeth of the mantrap, half-hidden under
           the foliage.

           TITLE OVER:

           Spring

           Foliage rustles nearby. The sound of footfall.

           A MACHETE tucks back the foliage and bares the teeth of
           the trap. The blade gently taps the metal.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist’s eyes are open.

           He’s awake. He doesn’t remember waking.

           The window clicks.

           He looks, hand slipping towards bed-partner gun.

           Through the window, he sees: the mute background of forest
           tree line and pale morning sky.

           Perhaps an insect tapping off the glass.

           His hand draws away from the gun. He continues to stare
           nonchalantly at the distant tree line, warped by grime on
           the glass.

           A small stone clicks off the window.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           He GRABS the gun, ROLLS out of bed,

           He BOLTS through to-

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist runs to the the back window, scans the back
           garden.

           Grass, the near forest; otherwise clear.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           He pulls a raincoat over his naked body and pockets a
           handful of shells.

           Another STONE clicks off the window.

           He slings the shotgun strap on, pushes his back against
           the cabin wall.

           He steals a glance outside.

           Two figures, murky behind the smeared glass. An older
           WOMAN holding that machete, and a TEENAGE GIRL crouching
           beside her, picking up stones.

           He pulls his head back, opens the shotgun breech. A shell
           in each barrel.

           He LOCKS the gun.

           EXT. CABIN FRONT - DAY

           The front door unlatches and sways open. Survivalist
           emerges, both hands on lowered shotgun.

           The Woman is stooped at the bed, fingers in the soil. At
           the sight of the gun, she stands - the Girl rushes behind
           her for cover.

           Survivalist lets the door open wide and knock against the
           wood. Nobody lurking behind it.

           He takes a small hard mirror and holds it out the door. He
           scans the left side of the cabin, the right... CLEAR.

           He retreats back into the cabin, and returns his aim to
           the ground in front of the two strangers.

           The Woman sets the machete in the dirt. She is fifty-one
           years of age, hair preternaturally greyed. Her daughter,
           face masked by feral long hair, can’t be above eighteen.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 WOMAN
                        My name is Kathryn and this is my
                        daughter Milja. We have been
                        travelling for some time.

           He doesn’t introduce himself. His eyes scan the tree line
           behind them for shadows, figures stalking in the dark.

                                 KATHRYN
                        We found the traps you laid.
                        Perhaps you should put up
                        warnings. But then, of course,
                        you’d be telling people you were
                        here.

           Kathryn forces a smile on her worn, once-pretty face. He
           looks at her blankly.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        We are running low on supplies,
                        gathering what we can in the
                        forest... would you be able to
                        spare some of your crop?

           He shakes his head.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Don’t expect you to simply give
                        it away. We can offer something
                        in exchange.

           On cue, Milja unstraps her rucksack, opens it for her
           mother. Survivalist strains to see Milja’s face, but it
           remains obscured by long shanks of hair.

           Kathryn takes out a velvet bag. Inside is jewellery, gold
           bracelets, chains. Milja eyes a ring - a groom’s; it holds
           a significance for her beyond its craft.

           Survivalist shakes his head.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        One of these days, it will be
                        valuable again. Very valuable.

           He remains impassive. Kathryn puts the jewellery back in
           the velvet bag.

           Milja takes a pair of "AA" batteries from the rucksack,
           hands them to Kathryn. She offers them.

           Survivalist shakes head again.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        The real treasure then.

           She takes out some plastic bags. They are filled with
           seeds.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        We have legumes, brassicas.
                        Strong varieties.

           She stoops and sinks her fingers in the soil. Feels the
           sticky texture between forefinger and thumb.

           Milja is left tall poppy exposed... Survivalist gets some
           more details from her face - an elegant nose, cheek.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        These could boost your yield.

           She throws a packet of seeds to his feet. He crouches and
           picks it up, shotgun still at the ready.

           He scans the label, searching for an expiry - none on it.

           He throws the packet back to her.

           She casts her hand around.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Surely you can spare something...
                        There seems more than enough.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        That’s what-

           His voice breaks. He clears his throat, speaks again - a
           guttural whisper.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        That’s what everyone used to
                        think.

           Kathryn turns to Milja. They share a private look between
           themselves; Kathryn’s look asks permission. Her daughter
           nods gently.

           Kathryn slicks a thumb and rubs a patter of dirt from
           Milja’s cheek, parting her hair in the process.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Then perhaps... perhaps we could
                        stay the night?

           Milja’s face is now visible. She has a dangerous beauty.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist stirs yesterday’s soupe du jour on the cold
           stove. He keeps the shotgun strapped over his shoulder -
           and does so at all times with his guests.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Kathryn and Milja sit at his table, their eyes scanning
           the room. Seed charts, old agricultural ministry posters.
           A mouldy calendar. Milja’s nostrils flare at the pungent
           room musk.

           He sets three bowls on the table, ladles out uneven
           portions.

           He serves Milja first. She eats as soon as it lands on the
           bowl.

           Kathryn waits until Survivalist sits - then eats with the
           same numb haste as her daughter. It doesn’t look like good
           grub, but it’s the best food the visitors have had in
           weeks.

           They eat in silence. He still has the shotgun over his
           shoulder.

           Survivalist stares at Milja, her face mainly hidden under
           her long hair. An eyeball looks back at him.

                                 KATHRYN (OFF)
                        Do you live alone?

           Milja snorts in amusement.

           Survivalist is distracted, then nods.

                                 KATHRYN
                        How long?

           The question weighs heavily upon him... he slips into
           reflection. As Kathryn speaks, we draw closer to
           Survivalist, running through memories, counting on
           fingers.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Milja and I have been living on a
                        commune. Eight days north. It was
                        a good set-up. While it lasted...
                        we lost most of our crops in the
                        last frost. It was the elderly,
                        the elderly who passed first. We
                        left when they stopped burying-

                                 SURVIVALIST
                               (quiet)
                        Eight winters.

           Milja looks up from her plate.

           He clears his throat again and says louder:

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        Years, eight years.

           His guests stare at him.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        You’ve been here eight years?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        No, I’ve been here... eleven.
                        I’ve been alone, eight.

                                 KATHRYN
                        That’s before...

           She exchanges a look with Milja.

                                 MILJA
                        Who did you live with before?

           Kathryn looks at her daughter coolly for an indiscreet
           question.

           But he looks at Milja and answers.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        My wife. My wife and my son.

           They continue eating in silence.

           Kathryn scrapes her plate clean with a fork, while Milja
           does the same with her fingers. Survivalist notices, and
           begrudgingly spoons some more for his guests.

                                 MILJA
                        You haven’t told us your name.

           And he won’t.

           EXT. CABIN - NIGHT

           The light is dying. It is six in the evening; in a world
           without a grid this is when the day ends.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist opens the door from the main room and leads
           Kathryn inside.

           This is where she will be sleeping; just enough length on
           the floor to do so.

           He steps back to shut her in. She reaches a hand out,
           blocking the door with gentle force.

           She can see Milja over his shoulder; lit by dim stove
           light, sitting on his bed.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        I need to ask you something.

           An intimate tone - between you and me.

           He releases the door and steps inside. She speaks quietly
           in a cabin too small to have private conversations.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        It’s a matter of hygiene.

           He looks wounded.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        ... I haven’t been with anyone.

                                 KATHRYN
                        That’s not what I meant. We don’t
                        have the facilities - nowhere has
                        the facilities...

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        If she gets-

                                 KATHRYN
                        Do you understand?

           He nods, then steps back and shuts the door.

           The lock turns.

           Kathryn surveys the space.

           Her hands rake shelves, surfaces, looking for loose tools,
           devices, anything useful.

           She checks the window. It’s too small for her to fit
           through.

           She paces.

           She paces and she sits. Lower down, she can see the gap
           between the door and the floor. Flickering shadows in the
           stove light.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist is standing by the seed room door, looking at
           Milja, who sits at the end of his bed. She stares back at
           him nonchalantly.

           She takes off her shoes with a clutter.

           He follows. He clears his shoes neatly and efficiently to
           the side of the room. The inveterate disciplinarian.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           She pulls off her socks and discards them on the floor; he
           puts his in a cloth wash-bag.

           She takes off her jumper. He does the same, propping the
           shotgun by the stove.

           He watches the slim cleft of her chest under her t-shirt.
           She takes it off as well, then her jeans, revealing her
           worn polyester underwear.

           He steps out of his own jeans. He picks and folds them,
           finding distraction in the routine.

           He looks back at her, standing awkwardly in his thermals.
           She taps the space beside her in the bed.

           He sits beside her, hands on knees.

           She reaches out and touches his beard. He remains stock
           still.

           Her hand drops to her bag.

           He grabs her wrist. He lifts her hand out of the bag,
           holding - a STRAIGHT RAZOR.

                                 MILJA
                        To shave you.

           He squeezes her wrist until she gasps, drops the blade
           back in the bag. He kicks the bag across the room.

           He grabs her other wrist and pins both against the bed
           with one hand. He frisks her - palms running around her
           belly and back, between her legs, looking for anything
           concealed.

           His palm-pats, become paws. Arousal sedates panic. A heavy
           erection shows through his thermals.

           He releases her hands.

           She unbuttons his thermals. Together they pull them off.
           He is naked. She grips his shoulders and sits him down on
           the bed.

           She straddles him and runs her hand over his penis. He
           grabs her wrist defensively - but she calms him, taking
           his hand and placing it on her breast. She squeezes his
           hand; his hand squeezes her breast in turn. She keeps
           doing it until his hand develops a grip of its own.

           She grinds her hips against him, underwear still on.
           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Kathryn stares at the moonlight through the windows. She
           can hear the faint squeak of the mattress.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist lies naked beside Milja, who lies with her
           back to him. His belly is wet.

           He looks at the back of her head, greasy hair pooling on
           the mattress. He pushes his fingers along the mattress and
           touches her hair gently.

           She feels the movement and turns slightly.

                                 MILJA
                        Can I sleep in my mother’s room?

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja lies in her mother’s arms in the tight space. She
           rubs her daughter’s shoulders gently. Moonlight falls on
           them through the rear window.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist lies alone, awake; eyes on the ceiling and
           burning with thoughts.

           He looks at Milja’s shirt - crumpled on the ground.

           He steps out of bed and picks it up. Brings it to his nose
           and breathes in the fabric.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           The doors unlocks and opens suddenly, waking Kathryn and
           Milja. Survivalist stands in the doorway, shotgun strapped
           over shoulder.

           They sit up, draw close.

           He turns and walks outside, leaving the door open.
           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           Milja and Kathryn emerge from the cabin into the chill
           spring air.

           Survivalist is at the far end of the plot raking weeds
           with a pick hoe. They exchange wary looks.

           Milja observes the vegetables; the scale, the drainage,
           the cleared soil. She trudges towards the tree line.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Toilet?
                               (she nods)
                        Heaps are over there. Use your
                        nose.

           She disappears into the tree line, leaving Kathryn alone
           with Survivalist.

                                 KATHRYN
                        She likes you.

           He tenses, hesitating with the pick hoe for a moment. Then
           he hacks at the ground again.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        She’s rather shy about it, I
                        think. But one can tell. Do you
                        like her?

           He doesn’t answer.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Would you like to keep seeing
                        her?

           She ambles closer to him, gazing round the farm.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        We could clear more land. More
                        hands to manage it.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Farm is small for a reason.

                                 KATHRYN
                        To keep it out of sight. But we
                        still found it. A few extra
                        hectares isn’t going to make you
                        any more visible. Meantime, we
                        can use your stores, whatever
                        surplus-

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        It’s not surplus. It’s security.
                        Cold snap. Blight. Raiders.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        More hands on deck then. For
                        stormy weather.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I’ve managed so far.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You’ve been lucky.

           He SLAMS the hoe into the ground.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Luck had nothing to do with it.

           He stands and walks away from her.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist splashes into the water. He kneels and dips
           two hands deep as the cold rocks, brings water to mouth.

           A flurry of movement downstream - his shotgun is to hand
           instantly.

           He sees Milja, pulling up her trousers.

           His gun is down as quick as it was raised.

           She stands, zips herself.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You can’t stay here.

           She climbs up the bank. At the top, she looks down at him,
           head tilting in a girlish way.

                                 MILJA
                        I’ll always wonder what you
                        looked like.

           Self-conscious, Survivalist looks down into the stream. In
           the shimmering reflection, his thick, beast-like beard. He
           looks back up toward her. A flush of something he hasn’t
           felt in years...

           She raises her fingers, to indicate she’s going for her
           bag. She takes out the razor slowly, light bouncing from
           the stream onto its shiny silver.

           His hands slip to the stock of the gun again.

           She folds the knife back in its case, and throws it to
           him. His hands drop the gun and catch it, off-guard. The
           shotgun swings on the strap.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA (cont’d)
                        If you’re worried about deep
                        cuts, it’s sharp enough to scar,
                        perhaps. But no deeper.

           He inspects the sharp of the blade, runs it bloodlessly
           against his skin.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist sits with a rigid back to the window. Milja
           rubs hot water over Survivalist’s beard. Her fingers
           smooth and damp his hairs gently, fingertips touching the
           skin of his neck.

           She clips at the beard with scissors.

           After a while, it is clumps of uneven hair, patches of
           skin showing. She dips the hot water with her fingers and
           wets his hair again. His head bobs gently under her
           control.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           Kathryn spies the scene from the window.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja sharpens the razor on a wet stone. She dips it in a
           bowl of solar-warmed water.

           Survivalist breathes sharply through his nose.

           She brings the blade up to his neck. His hand snaps up,
           but she intercepts his wrist firmly. Puts it by his side
           again.

           She presses the knife along his cheek, pressing the skin
           tight with her fingers. Then she slides it down.

           Next stroke is closer to his throat. She pulls his
           forehead back gently, and slides the knife under his neck.

           She angles the knife carefully against his Adam’s apple...

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           A spade SLICES into compost. Survivalist heaves up the
           dark, steaming humus.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        We toss them every three days.

           He’s clean-shaven, demonstrating for Kathryn and Milja.
           EXT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist uses a sparker - an artificial, fuelless fire
           device - to light kindle in front of the stove. Low, grey
           smoke begins to snake out. He leans forward and blows it
           gently. A flicker of flame...

           The tiny, handmade fire intrigues Milja, until Survivalist
           puts it out with a poker.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Don’t light fires during the day.
                        Smoke means fire. Fire means
                        food.

           EXT. FOREST AT EDGE OF CLEARING - DAY

           Survivalist chops at a tree. Kathryn digs up some of the
           stumps nearby, clearing more land.

           Milja watches Survivalist beat the bark white, until it
           tilts...

           The tree CRASHES into the forest.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist carefully lifts lain foliage from the metal
           grill of a mantrap.

           Milja and Kathryn observe, memorise the surroundings.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Survivalist buttons his trousers. He looks around to see
           if he is being watched.

           He crouches, opens the Bible at his feet.

           He takes out his hunting knife and DRIVES it into the
           pages.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist portions out stew for three. Four scoops for
           him; two each for them. There is a little left in the pan.

           He empties it into Milja’s bowl. A slight smile, which she
           doesn’t return; instead she spoons some extra into her
           mother’s bowl.
           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Kathryn paces in small circles in the cramped confines of
           the room. Silence from beyond the locked door.

           She steps carefully towards it. She listens - movements,
           slow murmur of a voice, or perhaps a dull gasp.

           Her hand rubs shoulder, kneading out tension. It slips to
           her breast, then presses across her chest to the other.
           She clenches fist and bites upon it.

           The door unlocks. Kathryn steps away from it quickly as
           Milja is ushered in.

           Survivalist shuts, bolts the door. Kathryn takes Milja
           into her arms and kisses her head.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn’s wrist runs against the long stalks of forest
           flowers.

           She stoops and parts some tall grass. A few sprigs of
           tarragon grow in a clump.

           She scoops them out by the roots and brings them to her
           nose. Closes her eyes as she smells them, presses the
           stalks against her neck, fingers rubbing gently against
           collar bone.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist cooks a stew for lunch. Kathryn steps through
           the doorway. She looks over her shoulder at Milja, working
           downhill.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Tough, isn’t she?

           He meets her eyeline, then continues cooking.

           She steps beside him.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Perhaps you would prefer a
                        different dish, on occasion.
                        Something from stores.

           He looks at her.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I like fresh food.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        Doesn’t everyone?

           She takes the spoon from his hand - a moment of touch. She
           drops the sprig of herbs into the broth.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        But in the hands of a more
                        experienced cook... even working
                        with quite ordinary
                        ingredients... through the
                        seasonings, the technique... they
                        can be made quite satisfying.

           She holds up a spoon for him to taste, catching some of
           the fresh herbs on the spoon.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        She doesn’t complain.

                                 KATHRYN
                        It’s not in her nature.

           He tries a taste.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        I am of a certain age. You could
                        have me any way you wanted. No
                        risk of consequence.

           Milja is at the doorway, kicking dirt off her shoes. The
           moment breaks up.

           Kathryn offers a scoop to Milja.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        I found some tarragon. Try some?

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           The first signs of spring planting show in the soil.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           Late afternoon, dismal light. Survivalist and Milja are on
           their knees, fingering in the seeds of a distant summer
           crop. Painstaking, back-aching work.

           Milja feels a pang of faintness. She rubs her forehead,
           pulls her foot up and rests on the bedding walkway.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                               (not looking up)
                        Keep going.

           She lifts a leg, sullen. No.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Kathryn observes from another end of the plot, seeing how
           this will play out.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        Get. Up.

                                 MILJA
                        I’m tired.

           He gets to his feet. He grabs her by the shoulders and
           brings her arms to the soil. He puppeteers her hands back
           into sowing. His fingers push hers into the dirt,
           gradually building up to autonomous motion, if not
           enthusiasm.

           His voice is a rasp in her ear.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Sometimes when I’m doing this,
                        and I’m getting tired, and my
                        back aches, and the cold is
                        biting my fingers...

           He continues to guide her. Perhaps enjoying the touch of
           her skin.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        I feel the hand of my father upon
                        me. Like he’s standing right
                        behind, with his shovel. I’ll get
                        the lumps if I don’t finish. I’ll
                        be aching to stop, but I’ll get
                        the lumps. I feel his eye, and I
                        keep sowing. And I keep digging.
                        Until it’s done.

           He lets go of her roughly and returns to his patch. Begins
           fingering through the soil with the same methodical focus.

           She ferrets a glance at her mother, then at him. He looks
           slightly different to her now, in the fading light.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Kathryn sinks a pitchfork into the humus. She heaves and
           tosses dirt to the top of the heap.

           She stands straight and wipes her brow. Hard work.

           She jags the fork again into the compost. It snags on
           something as she pulls it out; a knuckle of bone caught
           between the prongs.

           It swings long and yellow and broken at one end of the
           fork.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           A streak of moonlight across the dark of the cabin. Milja
           is asleep, head resting on Survivalist’s chest.

           She wakes. She adjusts to her surroundings; not her
           mother’s room, but his. He stirs in his sleep, a hand
           slipping round her shoulder.

           She stills and sets her head down on his chest again.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn, bearing shovel, walks with Milja towards the
           heaps.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You stayed with him last night.

           Milja looks at her mother defensively.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        That’s good. He’ll trust you
                        more.

           Kathryn does a quick scan for prying eyes, then scrapes
           away a thin covering of soil on the ground. She exposes
           the femur, a piece of skull plate, teeth.

           Milja steps back, hand to mouth.

                                 MILJA
                        He told us what to expect.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Fresh bones in that pile. But
                        look at these.

           Kathryn pokes a few thin white bones with a stick.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Small bones, milk teeth.

           She pokes another few remnants.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        These are adult. But look at the
                        colour and rot... they went in
                        the ground the same time.

                                 MILJA
                        We don’t know what happened.

           Kathryn scoops the fragments and drives them back in the
           heap.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        True.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           The three eat in silence at the table.

                                 KATHRYN
                        What sort of animal... you catch
                        in those traps of yours?

           Milja shoots her a look.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Squirrels. Rabbits.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Bigger game?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Foxes. Sometimes.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Stealing food.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Foxes steal.

                                 KATHRYN
                        But you can’t eat them. All
                        gristle.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Good for compost.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Same thing, though? Same thing in
                        the end.

           He shrugs, nonchalant.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        We’re always someone else’s shit.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Kathryn and Survivalist at the beds. Inspecting for pests,
           signs of rot.

           He finds a thick weed. It’s stubborn and won’t come loose
           under his strained tugs. The shotgun, strapped over
           shoulder, dips into the dirt as he stops.

           He sets the gun down on the walkway. His hands pull at the
           root... it breaks from the soil in long, white shoots.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist reaches for the shotgun strap.

           His hand finds absence.

           He turns to see Kathryn stepping away from him, raising
           the shotgun with both hands. She knows how to hold it.

           It is level, not quite aiming at him. Her hand runs up the
           wood, towards the cock.

           But her hands stills. She holds the gun looser now, as if
           inspecting it.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Blanch twelve-bore. Vintage. The
                        sort my father used to use, for
                        pheasants. You find this on the
                        same estate that had those
                        poacher traps?

           Silence. He’s still crouched over the beds, and she’s
           still holding the gun.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        He used to let me hold it, when I
                        was a girl. Sometimes I got to
                        shoot our supper.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Then you know it’s not loaded.

           A moment of stillness.

           She smiles and hands him the weapon by the barrel.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You can tell by the balance.

           He snatches it from her, straps it over his shoulder.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        What’s the point of carrying it
                        if-

           He takes a shell from his right jacket pocket, opens the
           barrel, slots shell, locks it, cocks it. It takes about
           two seconds.

           He holds it low and at her gut.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Accidents happen.

           She tries to remain calm and not break the fiction of her
           curiosity over malice.

           He breathes deeply through his nose, primed to shoot.
           Then he turns and stomps off towards the thick of the
           forest.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist brushes branches and leaves from his face as
           he breaks a new path through the forest. He lunges over
           tripping roots and knee-high nettles, letting the forest
           wear down his anger.

           A vista opens up into a clearing of the forest - he sees
           Milja almost right away. She lies in the basin-like sink
           of a hollow tree, as if an innocent of the woods. She is
           wearing earphones, her figure sunk into the lush foliage
           that has found life in the roots.

           She senses him, looks up to his silhouette against the
           hillside.

           He makes his way down towards her.

           He stands over her. She stops the music on her music
           player and holds it out to him.

           He crouches and inspects it; it has been jerry-rigged to
           run off AA batteries. The touchscreen interface is not
           intuitive to him - been so many years. He toys with it,
           noobish.

                                 MILJA
                        Two pairs of batteries left. When
                        they run out... the rest is
                        silence.

           His brow creases at the interface.

           He sits beside her.

           She silently demonstrates how to scroll and select tracks.
           Memories of a world of such devices silence him.

                                 MILJA (cont’d)
                        You like the 80s?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Don’t remember them very well.

                                 MILJA
                        I mean the music.

           He shrugs.

           She pulls the earphones from her ears and affixes them to
           his. She takes the mp3 player and scrolls for a track.

           She selects KISSING THE PINK - THE LAST FILM.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           A military drum-beat cues up before a shrill whistle,
           tinny, through the headphones. Survivalist is rapt by the
           cacophony of sounds; Milja observes him coolly.

           He takes the earphones off.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You want mushrooms?

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn surveys the space. Figures out a plan of attack.

           Then she begins. Obvious places first. The shelves. Tools,
           seeding guides, seed guides, medical texts, gauzes,
           nick-nacks, cutlery. A jumble of utility and memory.

           She pulls out several picture frames.

           All eerily empty, cracked.

           She sets them down. Where else?

           She takes a dynamo torch and cranks a flickering beam of
           light under the stove space. She feels under it for
           crevices, alcoves.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist and Milja walk through the dim, hazy forest.
           Survivalist keeps his eyes low, inspecting roots, fern
           shades, clumps of bark.

           He sees something at once invisible, then suddenly clear
           to Milja when he focuses on it. A troop of brown mushrooms
           against the light of a fallen branch.

           Milja looks for permission; he nods. She bends and picks
           one to eat.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           Under a dripping bark, the white, wispy frame of a DEATH
           CAP. It grows in a small troop.

           Survivalist’s face is close-by. He’s squatting with Milja,
           looking at it. He plucks it out and hands it to her. He
           shows her the dark streaks under the cap.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        First twelve hours, you won’t
                        notice anything. Then you’ll get
                        stomach aches. Diarrhoea... Then
                        it gets better. You think you’re
                                 (MORE)

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        through the worst. Within two
                        days you’re dead.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           Deeper into the forest. They have opened up their jackets
           as the midday heat warms the forest.

           Survivalist scans the low trees, turns to find Milja
           crouching. She’s found a small troop of red-capped,
           tall-hatted mushrooms.

           She picks one and looks at Survivalist.

                                 MILJA
                        So will this eat my liver?

           He takes it from her hand and eats it.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        No. But it will make you trip.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn lifts up a seed tray to see if anything lies
           beneath. Empty.

           She opens the seed cupboard - looks through the folders
           and dusty bags. She feels down the back of the drawer -
           clutches something.

           Brings back a small, rattling box. She opens it rapidly -
           perhaps what she’s looking for. Her shoulders sag,
           disappointed: inside are gold sovereigns and silver coins
           in plastic dealer bags with carat certificates.

           But something else in the box catches her eye. She
           reaches...

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn steps across the wooden floor and surveys the
           space again.

           The bookcase, the shelves, the stove, the bed. All
           searched.

           Shit.
           EXT. CLEARING - DAY

           A clearing of dazzling bluebells. The buzz of bumblebees
           and flirting insects.

           Milja holds her hand out in front of her, suddenly
           interested by the shapes the lines her fingers can make.
           Survivalist is sunk out of view in the flowers.

                                 MILJA
                        You still haven’t told us your
                        name.

           He lies back, hiding from view beneath the flowers.

                                 MILJA (cont’d)
                        I need to call you something.

                                 SURVIVALIST (OFF)
                        Says who.

                                 MILJA
                        Says... What if I see a tree
                        falling? How do I...

           She trails off as if losing focus. Then the verb swims
           back...

                                 MILJA
                        How do I address you then?

           She looks to the rim of the sunken impression of flowers
           he’s in. Waits for an answer.

                                 SURVIVALIST (OFF)
                        Shout which direction. I’ll roll.

                                 MILJA
                        I think I’ll call you... Leonard.

           Survivalist sits up, shakes his head.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                               (serious)
                        No.

                                 MILJA
                        What’s wrong with Lenny?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Lenny? That’s even worse.

                                 MILJA
                        You don’t like it?
                               (...)
                        Then tell me your real name then.

           He stands and shakes off the mild stupor.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Lenny it is.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja washes vegetables in a basin and Kathryn slices
           them. They speak in whispers.

                                 KATHRYN
                        No clothes, no pictures, but
                        empty frames... as if they never
                        existed.

                                 MILJA
                        Memories slow you down.

                                 KATHRYN
                        And I found this....

           Kathryn takes a DIAMOND RING from her shirt pocket.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Your father kept his, to the end.

           Survivalist comes into view through the window, walking
           towards the cabin. Kathryn slips the ring back in her
           shirt pocket and continues cutting vegetables.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Fork scrapes against bare plate.

           The three at supper.

                                 MILJA
                        He’s got a name, now.

                                 KATHRYN
                               (to Survivalist)
                        You told her?

                                 MILJA
                        He let me make one up... "Lenny".

           Kathryn smiles. Milja tries to suppress her grin.
           Survivalist senses a private joke but says nothing.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist squats in the stream. His hands scoop into the
           water and bring cupped handfuls to his chest and arms. He
           trembles from the sharp cool on his skin.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Kathryn watches him from trees by the bank. She observes
           his naked form casually... his jacket, shotgun lie on the
           bank nearby.

           She steps away, quietly, into the forest.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn gathers twig and kindle. She lights the pile with
           a sparker. A dull, pale flame erupts; silky smoke arises.

           She takes out a cigarette, half-smoked but not yet a stub.
           She lights it on the flame and takes a slow, first drag.
           Then she begins puffing deep and fast.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist palms water over his head.

           He doesn’t notice the thin plume of smoke rising above the
           trees behind him.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The cigarette is worn down now.

           Kathryn scuffs away at the kindle with her feet, clearing
           the more obvious incendiary evidence but leaving the fire
           intact. She drops the cigarette in the flames.

           She walks back towards the stream.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Through the branches, Kathryn watches Survivalist, hands
           dipping in the water.

           He becomes very still.

           So does Kathryn. Has he sensed she’s there?

           Survivalist’s hands remain frozen in the water. All senses
           dim to heighten his sense of... smell.

           He stands bolt upright, and looks around the tree line
           methodically. He’s already gathering clothes, pulling on
           trousers, boots. No time for socks.

           Survivalist spots the smoke and grabs his gun - Kathryn
           breathes ’fuck’ - and runs topless towards the smoke.

           She is left alone with the sound of the stream.

           Then she sees the jacket.
           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           BOOTS stamp the fire out. Survivalist grunts with effort.
           The ground is moist and has contained the flames.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Kathryn steps down to the waterside. She slips a hand into
           the jacket’s pocket. They return with two shotgun shells.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn bursts through trees to find Survivalist. He picks
           over the embers of the fire with a stick.

           He finds the charred cigarette butt.

           He pinches it between two fingers and turns to display it
           to her. Her face pleads contrition.

                                 KATHRYN
                        I’ve only three left. Have them
                        so seldom, must have forgot to-

           His look is unforgiving.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        It was a mistake.

           He SHOVES her backwards - up against the bark of a tree.
           She gasps a little. Her face, his furious eyes inches
           apart.

           She smirks.

           He shoves her again, drags her back painfully against the
           bark. His face is right in hers, hot breath against her
           cheeks.

           She pulls the back of his hair. He lets her pull it tight
           for a moment - then lets go of her.

           She sinks down the trunk as he walks away.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist yanks off boots and pulls on socks.

           He lifts his jacket and puts it on. Pats the shell pocket
           instinctively; feels some weight.

           He scales the bank, making his way back to the farm.
           EXT. HIGHER LAND - DAY

           The last wisps of smoke fatten above a hill in the forest.

           The watcher (40s) stops to orientate himself against the
           smoke. He takes off his woolly hat, scrapes yellow
           fingernails against a rash on his scalp.

           Then he pulls hat back on and sets off downhill.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja cooks a broth in the amber glow of twilight. Kathryn
           walks into the cabin and sidles up beside her. They both
           can see Survivalist looking up from his work on the plot,
           glancing at them occasionally.

           Kathryn samples the broth with one hand, discretely
           showing Milja the stolen shotgun shells in her other.

           Their body language is that of chattering cooks; Kathryn
           sets the spoon back and nods.

                                 KATHRYN
                        When he sleeps... where does he
                        put the gun?

                                 MILJA
                        Against the wall. By the bed,
                        usually.

           They see Survivalist stand and dust down his knees.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Do you remember how to load one?

                                 MILJA
                        It was a long time ago.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You remember. With papa’s gun. He
                        taught you how.

           Survivalist walks up the grass gangway towards them.
           Kathryn turns her back to obscure his view. She
           demonstrates the loading action.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You open the breech. You slot in
                        both shells. You lock it. You
                        pull back the triggers, firm and
                        hard.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                        I won’t have time.

           He’s walking towards the cabin. Whispers now. She offers
           the shells to her again.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Buy time. Take the gun and go
                        outside.

           Survivalist arrives through the cabin door, scraping his
           feet against the wood.

           Milja takes the shells and slides them ino her jeans
           pocket.

           The conversation falls silent.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja’s head rests on Survivalist, her eyes open and
           staring at the shotgun rested against the bedside wall.

           She looks down at him; side turned towards her, eyelids
           still - in deep, dreamless sleep.

           She gently lifts Survivalist’s arm from her shoulder,
           slips it to her side.

           She waits...

           ...he doesn’t stir.

           She sits up in bed. Looks at the shotgun beyond his
           sleeping figure.

           She leans over him, reaching for the gun. Her fingers
           stretch... almost touching the barrel.

           Her stomach pushes against his shoulder... he rolls
           slightly onto his back.

           She looks down at him, arms at his shoulders.

           His eyes are open. Is he awake?

           His hands reach up pull her towards him. Arms lock around
           her.

           He closes his eyes again.

           After a while, so do hers.
           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Sunrise breaks through the tree line.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           Survivalist drives supporting sticks into the soil, while
           Kathryn measures the distance.

           Milja emerges from the cabin and walks down the plot
           towards Kathryn. She hands her a trowel - shotgun shells
           cupped discretely in her hand.

           Kathryn backpockets them, digs the trowel in the soil.
           Glancing at Survivalist - he hasn’t clocked the exchange
           and is still fixed on his work.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Milja takes off her jeans, then her underwear. She steps
           down into the water.

           She crouches and removes a red-stained cloth from between
           her legs. Washes it in the stream.

           She rubs water against a streak of dried blood on an inner
           thigh.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Survivalist drives the last stick he’s grasping into the
           ground. He kneels down and begins coiling a piece of
           string around it.

           The barrel of the shotgun keeps nudging against the stick.
           He unslings the shotgun and sets the weapon on the ground.

           Survivalist ties the string off, then takes one of the
           branches close at hand and sharpens it with his knife.

           Kathryn straightens the sticks and strings, which provide
           a seed line for planting. As she does so, she is slowly
           moving on her knees towards the gun.

           She gets within grabbing distance. She takes the shotgun
           shells into her hand. She is very still and contemplative,
           rehearsing the actions in her head. She only has one
           chance at this.

           Survivalist stills. He leans forwards and and pushes back
           some potato leaves to inspect something.

           Kathryn’s breath grows deep and shallow. One last breath
           before-

           He picks up the shotgun, not looking back at her.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           She folds the shells back into her trouser pocket and
           leans to see what he’s looking at.

           A large, deep boot-print in the soil.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Where’s Milja?

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Milja pulls on her underwear again. Trousers and shoes.

           She looks down at her face in the water. She pulls back
           her hair to see her face more clearly.

           Runs the tip of her little finger under her eyelid...
           tracing a first wrinkle.

           A MAN’S FACE emerges behind her. Her scream is GAGGED by a
           hand clenching her mouth, yellow fingernails digging into
           her cheek.

           She squirms until she feels the cold hard barrel of a
           revolver against her head.

           EXT. FARM’S EDGE - DAY

           Survivalist bounds through the forest.

                                 KATHRYN (OFF)
                        Milja!

           He knows the land better than Kathryn, and soon has a
           steady lead in the hunt. He races through whipping,
           snap-back branches and his feet find sure ground.

           He bursts through trees to find the stream. Milja’s shoes
           lie at the waterside.

           SPLASH... he’s jumped in the water and is running
           downstream.

           He scans the stream banks as he runs.

           Kathryn emerges through the trees into the stream
           clearing. She sees Milja’s shoes.

           Grief swells... the horror of this world without Milja.
           But she’s been in this world too long to let it slow her
           down - she leaps into the water.

           Way downstream, Survivalist finds the water too deep to
           run through. He doubles back, scans every forest gap on
           the muddy banks for footprints.

           Kathryn’s voice - MILJA, MILJA! echoes upstream.
           His sharp eyes catch a white, exposed piece of branch,
           where it’s just been snapped. He mounts the bank, clearing
           through branches into...

           EXT. CLEARING - DAY

           A bluebell-filled clearing; light corridors streaming down
           between foliage onto the tall flowers.

           Survivalist eases opens the breech of the shotgun. He
           reaches to his jacket pocket... feels the strange texture
           inside.

           He finds two small, smooth stones.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           The stones SMASH into the water. Survivalist steps down
           into the stream, away from the clearing.

           He makes his way back up the water.

           Then he stops.

           He looks at the useless, open weapon in his hands.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Fuck!

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn wades desperately through virgin, unbroken forest.
           Her eyes flint around her.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist locks the breech of the shotgun. He straps it
           over his shoulder again and mounts the bank.

           EXT. CLEARING - DAY

           Survivalist steps into the clearing, holding the gun like
           it’s ready for action.

           The SNATCHER could be here. He could have gone.

           Survivalist surveys the awful tranquillity. His breath
           begins cashing the cheques his running has made, thick and
           heavy through his nostrils.

           He hunkers onto knees. Looks through the flowers...

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           But if he could see the bird’s eye view... he’d see the
           SNATCHER lying hidden in the flowers, pressed on top of
           Milja.

           Snatcher’s got his hand over her mouth and a revolver
           pressed against her temple. (It’s an ancient, World War II
           gun, perhaps an illicit family heirloom pressed into
           service by catastrophe).

           He raises his head above the flower-line and gets a look
           at Survivalist. Survivalist pivots with the gun, turning
           away from Snatcher’s viewpoint.

           Milja whelps... quiet, involuntary.

           The Snatcher jabs the revolver harder against her skull.

           Survivalist pretends not to have heard it, but his posture
           has stiffened.

           He listens for more sounds...

           Then Snatcher leans up...

           ... takes the gun from Milja’s head...

           ... aims at SURVIVALIST, centre of mass...

           ... and SHOOTS HIM.

           Survivalist collapses, his body swallowed by bluebells.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The shot ECHOES in the forest. Kathryn stops stock still.
           She changes direction and runs towards the sound.

           EXT. THE CLEARING - DAY

           Snatcher collapses back onto Milja, gun back to her
           temple.

           His lips do a silent ten count.

           Then he raises his head over the flowers.

           Survivalist is still sunk out of view.

           Snatcher drags Milja to her feet. Pushing her in front, he
           creeps towards where Survivalist’s collapsed.

           They reach the depression in the flowers - Snatcher tenses
           and holds Milja’s mouth tighter still.

           He leans forward to see:

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist lying on his back, eyes closed, a bloody chest
           wound - still gently pumping - showing through his jacket.

           Messy entry - Snatcher must have filed the tips of his
           bullets.

           Snatcher’s revolver hovers from Milja’s head to
           Survivalist’s face. He evaluates the killshot.

           He wavers. Tilts the revolver - sees the edge of a SINGLE
           BULLET left in the chamber.

           Snatcher waistbands the revolver and pulls out his knife,
           letting Milja taste the cool edge of the blade with the
           skin of her neck.

           He forces her knees down into the dirt. He pushes her head
           onto the ground, straddling her. He is within striking
           distance of Survivalist.

           He raises the knife -

           Like something out of nightmare, Survivalist’s eyes open
           wide and white.

           He GRABS Snatcher’s knife hand and STABS him in the neck
           with his own hunting knife.

           Snatcher drops his blade and clutches at the knife in his
           neck. He gets it out after a few slippery grabs, blood
           pumping over his collar bone. He rolls onto the ground,
           choking, clasping at the gaping neck wound that’s lapping
           blood down his throat.

           As Snatcher goes about quietly dying, Survivalist tears a
           strip off his own bloody shirt and uses it as a weak
           compress against his chest wound.

           Kathryn arrives in the clearing. She rushes to Milja,
           finding the wounded Survivalist and the pretty-much dead
           Snatcher by her side.

           Milja nods that she’s OK.

           Kathryn sees the shotgun.

           She picks it up. She takes the shells she’s been carrying
           and slots it in. Cocks it.

           She turns to Survivalist, who is being helped to his feet
           by Milja.

           The revolver is in his hand.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja shoulders Survivalist inside. He is pale from blood
           loss.

           Kathryn follows, shotgun strapped over shoulder.

           Milja sits him down on a chair. Together they pull off the
           remains of his bloody shirt.

           In the window light Milja gets a better look at the wound;
           She pours water over it, fresh blood seeping through
           quickly.

           She gently pushes her fingers into his flesh. Survivalist
           clenches teeth.

           Milja shakes her head - she can’t find it.

           She moves quickly to the shelves and takes down a toolbox.

           Kathryn and Survivalist eye each other; he still has the
           gun in his hand, she still has the loaded shotgun slung
           over her shoulder.

           Milja steps past her and uses the sparker to light the
           stove. She runs a Stanley knife under the flames.

           Kathryn undoes Survivalist’s leather belt. She folds it
           and offers it to Survivalist; he chomps down, never taking
           his eyes off her.

           Milja kneels beside him with the knife. He tucks the
           revolver in his waistband and gives her the nod.

           Milja pricks and inspects the wound. Survivalist’s teeth
           clench HARD on the belt. Kathryn holds Survivalist down as
           Milja digs into his flesh...

           Survivalist JOLTS with the pain. Kathryn restrains him
           with surprising strength.

           Milja gets deeper inside his wound.

           Survivalist’s eyes water, teeth biting deep into the belt.

           Milja flicks the knife. A piece of metal hits the bowl she
           holds and fresh blood pumps out of Survivalist’s wound and
           the Stanley’s fresh lacerations.

           Kathryn pushes a compress against the wound, her face
           close enough to his to feel his breath.

           Milja inspects the bullet with her knife. It is warped and
           flattened.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                        It’s in one piece.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        ...Get the poker.

           Kathryn volunteers for this; she stokes it in the flame
           until it is red hot.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Light from the open wood stove flickers against the glass.

           Birds FLY as a gagged SCREAM emerges from the cabin.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja cracks open a dusty first aid kit. She layers a
           piece of cotton and gauze against his wound.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           The door swings open. Survivalist waves Milja and Kathryn
           inside with the revolver.

           Milja’s look asks - me as well? He nods.

           They silently step in. Kathryn hands are at the ready on
           the gun. She passes close by Survivalist.

           He slams and bolts the door.

           Over: the SOUND OF BANGING.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist - ill, overslept - unlocks the door.

           The banging stops.

           The door sways open and he retreats further inside the
           cabin. Kathryn - shotgun strapped - and Milja emerge.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Survivalist pulls open the gauze to inspect the wound.
           Arching his head, he sees a trail of green puss.

           Not good, in a world without antibiotics.

           He closes his eyes.
           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Survivalist trudges to the stinking, buzzing compost
           heaps. Flies flicker around his face.

           He lies on the ground, quite still, and opens up the
           gauze, exposing the wound.

           After some time, flies curl and land around the open
           flesh. He watches them begin to nestle around the exposed,
           festering wound.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           The three, eating dinner. Two armed. Survivalist, gaunt
           and pale.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)

           Resting on the bed, Survivalist inspects his wound with
           his small mirror.

           Tiny MAGGOTS wriggle and curl inside. They feast on the
           infected tissue.

           Milja watches from the open door of the seed room.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja and Kathryn lie in each other’s arms for warmth. The
           door bolts and unlocks.

           Kathryn is quick to the shotgun, and has it in her hands
           as the door opens. Milja’s torch beam finds Survivalist’s
           face; it is slicked with cold sweat. He sways on unsteady
           feet.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I’m sick.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist lies in bed, two mouldy cushions stacked up
           against his back.

           Milja washes the maggots from his wound and collects the
           detritus in a bowl. The infested tissue has been eaten
           away, but he has contracted fever. His skin is deathly
           pale.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist stares at Kathryn with heavy eyes and a limp
           grip on his revolver. She sits across from him by the
           warmth of the stove, shotgun lain across her lap.

           His eyes close.

           Milja gently slips the revolver from his unconscious hand.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Kathryn takes a cigarette from her packet - three left -
           and toys with the idea of lighting it. For the moment she
           just lets the familiar taste hang dry on her lips.

           Milja stands beside her - holds out the revolver. Kathryn
           inspects it curiously, then hands it back.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Gone, is he?

                                 MILJA
                        Going.

           Kathryn idles a glance at Survivalist inside; unconscious,
           pale, trembling.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Better this way, than through the
                        stomach.

                                 MILJA
                        Think he has a chance?

           Kathryn lights the cigarette and drags deep.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Well... no matter, now.

           Silence of the forest night. Cricket-song, tree-sway...

           A cough from inside. Weak, mucus-filled.

                                 MILJA
                        He’s useful.

                                 KATHRYN
                        A third mouth, on a farm fit for
                        one.

           Inside: a hacked cough.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        ...and too far gone anyway.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                        No harm in trying then.

           Kathryn stubs the cigarette with her thumb, replaces the
           remainder gently in the packet.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You’re getting sentimental.

                                 MILJA
                        Time was, you would have found
                        me. You’re getting older.

           Kathryn smiles and squeezes Milja’s shoulder hard - only
           half affectionate.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Fire FLAMES in the stove, as a block of wood is thrown in.

           Kathryn and Milja strip the Survivalist. He is drifting in
           and out. His revolver hand clenches absently.

           He is soon naked. They drag his naked body and bunk close
           to the stove fire.

           EXT. STREAM - NIGHT

           The two women fill buckets in the icy night water.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           They pour water over Survivalist’s naked body. He spasms
           in reaction. They rub the cold liquid into his burning
           skin.

           They pour the other bucketful.... same procedure.

           He shivers.

           Kathryn and Milja quickly take off their clothes. Milja
           eases herself on top of him first; she rubs hands friction
           fast over his chest, arms. She works as much of her skin
           against his to warm him as quickly as possible.

           Kathryn, undressed, slips beside her and does the same.
           His eyes open - half aware of something going on - then
           flicker off again.

           Kathryn makes eye contact with Milja as she slides across
           Survivalist’s body.
           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Coats swept over naked bodies, boots pulled over bare
           feet, Kathryn and Milja run towards the stream again.

                                                             FADE TO BLACK

           A slow, liquid light swims over us; we can’t quite focus.
           Our wet eye-lids are achingly heavy, crusted with stasis.

           Eyeballs dilate, focus slowly.

           Beneath Survivalist’s pallid orbits, the knowledge that he
           won’t slip off like the other times. He looks around to
           see:

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           The cabin, seen through burned out whites and blues from
           eyes closed too long.

           Kathryn is cooking. He shifts - a shot of pain through his
           back - a gasp. He sinks back into bed.

           His hand slips for shotgun, no, his revolver - gone. He
           feels clean, fresh sheets on the bed.

           He turns his head - easier than moving body - and looks
           through the window. Flowers in a jam jar on the sill;
           Milja in the farm beyond.

                                 KATHRYN (OFF)
                        Back in the land of the living?

           His answer is a course cough.

           Survivalist inspects his wound - healing. He’s been out
           for a while.

           Kathryn spoons some food into a bowl and sits beside him
           on the bedside chair. He force himself up against the bed
           board, ignoring the shooting aches and pains.

           She angles a spoon of soup to his mouth. A moment’s
           hesitation - what’s in it? - then he allows her to feed
           him.

           After some spoonfuls...

                                 KATHRYN
                        Things will change a little.

           She inspects his response, then offers another spoonful.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        We share portions equally. The
                        door to the store won’t be locked
                        at night. The weapons are shared.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        It’s still my farm.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Property rights are rather
                        quaint, don’t you think?

           He coughs, gruffly.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        If you had been on your own-

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I wouldn’t have got shot.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Funny. She said the same thing.

           She eats a spoonful herself.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You’re alive because we need each
                        other.

           She offers him another spoonful. Resentful, but hungry, he
           takes some.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Where are the spare shells?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        That what you kept me around for?

                                 KATHRYN
                        Would have found them eventually.

           He points to the the bookshelf.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Seek and ye shall find.

           She sets down the bowl and takes out the Forager’s Bible.
           She opens it to find the pages have been hollowed out, to
           hold three shotgun shells.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           Survivalist ambles out the door on his makeshift crutch -
           a long-handled spade.

           Milja, kneeling over the beds, glances back at him.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                        Morning.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What are you doing?

                                 MILJA
                        Seeding.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You used the seed beds?

                                 MILJA
                        No.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Use the seed beds first.

                                 MILJA
                        It’s warm enough now. They don’t
                        need nursing, and it’s faster.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You’re doing it wrong.

           He steps down onto the foot ledge.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        Use the beds.

           She ignores him and continues. His eyes crease at the
           bright light - but the breeze feels good against his
           sweaty skin.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        Use the beds.

           He’s saying it again, but more to himself. The breeze,
           Milja in front of him, the bubbling hob behind. A strange
           sense wafts over him... of place. His hand waves,
           absent-mindedly, eyes still looking towards the distant
           light.

                                                                   FADE TO

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Milja and Kathryn trudge through the forest.

           They find what they’re looking for; the gnarled, rotting
           body of the Snatcher.

           A moment’s surveying, then they instinctively divide the
           labour. Milja pulls boots off the body. Kathryn takes off
           his jacket. She hesitates for a moment... unclips a WATCH
           STRAP from his wrist.
           They begin dragging the body along the forest floor.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           The three heaps are silhouetted in the dying light.

                                                            MATCH FADE TO:

           Four heaps now silhouetted against a bright sun, the
           oldest depleted from composting on the farm.

           TITLE OVER:

           SUMMER

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Late afternoon light flows from the open door to the
           bookcase. Kathryn runs her finger along the dusty spines
           of the bookshelf; plant guides. Herbals remedies. First
           aid guide.

           Her finger stalls - one book out of place on a shelf of
           practical civilisation. Its title is blood red against
           frayed black canvas:

           "COVENANT WITH DEATH"

           Kathryn pulls it out - finds it illustrated with a skull
           and skeletal hand holding a scroll.

           Kathryn sitting, reads through the book. It is anti-war
           treatise published in 1933, full of photographs of World
           War I.

           Bodies and remains. Before and after executions. Hanged
           men and women. Death-locked faces in repose, victims of
           the trench, blast-hit corpses hanging broken-backed from
           trees.

           She turns the pages; incurious, unaffected.

           There is a final section, a cut black ribbon over the
           pages to warn the reader: ’inside is worse’.

           Inside is Armenia. Pyramids of bodies, limb stacks,
           gloating Turks standing astride them. Endless rows of
           skeletons, shot children, mother and baby spiked on
           bayonets.

           Kathryn reaches the back cover, nonchalant; she flips to
           the front and looks for an inscription. None, but a
           strange panel of pale paper. The original paper is
           yellowed, the fresh paper white.

           Her fingers feel the paper. Detect a contour.
           Her nail pricks back the edge of the paper, revealing
           newsprint underneath.

           EXT. CABIN, THE FARM - DAY

           Survivalist walks towards the cabin. He is surer on his
           feet - a faint hobble in his gait the only echo of his
           injury.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY - LATER

           Kathryn spreads the newspaper and magazine clippings are
           spread across the table. Kathryn inspects them - a mix of
           subjects, publications.

           She notices the writer’s name is the same: LINDA TALLIS.

           A shadow over the page; Survivalist stands in the doorway,
           blocking the afternoon sun.

           He steps over her shoulder and looks at the cuttings. He
           doesn’t recognise what they are at first...

           Then his face turns.

           He grabs the papers and starts ripping them apart.

           She stands and touches his arm.

           He continues, binding and pulling them.

           He clumps the clippings together and begins ripping them
           apart.

           Kathryn stands, taken aback.

           He keeps ripping them - now quartered, resisting his
           opposing hands.

           She touches his shoulder.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Don’t.

           He twists the paper again.

           She holds his hands. Loosens them.

           He stops, breathing out his frenzy. She gently pulls the
           paper away.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY - LATER

           Kathryn and Survivalist sit at the table, looking over the
           articles, half torn, realigned together.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Is that your name - Tallis?

           He shakes his head.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        She never changed hers, after we
                        married.

           He pulls up a small, column-sized piece of newsprint.
           Studies it. Shows it to her.

           OIL SUPPLY IN ’STEADY DECLINE’

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        This is how we knew. What was
                        coming. Think her editor wanted a
                        lifestyle piece, prices at the
                        pump and where they’re going sort
                        of thing. But she went off-piste.
                               (he smiles, remembering)
                        Interviewed some experts. These
                        guys were pretty sober people;
                        academics, analysts... and they
                        were frightened. Once you knew
                        how oil and gas and food
                        worked... There’s a moment where
                        you look around, see all these
                        people driving their cars,
                        shopping, eating... no idea their
                        lives were held by string. And
                        that string was going to get cut.
                        Her editor cut it down to filler.
                        Spiked the follow-up. Too much
                        doom and gloom, he said. But we
                        kept digging. Deeper we got, more
                        people we found who knew, whole
                        networks trying to prepare. But
                        they didn’t have the power to
                        change anything. People who
                        did... they were building more
                        fucking airports.

           He looks into Kathryn’s eyes.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        That’s when we knew we needed to
                        find somewhere. For us and our
                        son. Somewhere safe. Somewhere
                        like here.

           He taps the wood of the table three times. The echo holds
           for a moment in the gloom.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        Can I ask... what happened to
                        them?

           He buries his gaze back in the book.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What do you think.

           She waits for him to continue.

           But he’ll be saying no more. His eyes run over the words
           of his dead wife.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - DAY

           Ground-level view of sunrise between the compost heaps.

           EXT. CABIN, FARM PLOT - DAY

           Milja stands and squeezes sods off her gloves. She peels
           gloves off and rubs a palm heel against her sweaty chin.

           She walks towards the cabin.

           INT. CABIN, FARM PLOT - DAY

           The faded display of a CASIO F91W watch.

           It is held by Kathryn, resting on the bed.

           Milja comes in the doorway. She looks over at her mother,
           lying where she would normally sleep.

           Milja pulls off her muddy boots with a disruptive clamour.

           Kathryn slides out and pulls on her shoes. They pass each
           other as Milja slinks to the bed and rests.

           EXT. CABIN, FARM PLOT - DAY

           Kathryn hunkers beside Survivalist and tends to the
           weeding.

                                 KATHRYN
                        She’s eighteen tomorrow.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        ...How do you know?

                                 KATHRYN
                        I did give birth to her.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        The date.

           She shows him the watch.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Bequeathed by our visitor.

           He holds it in his hand and looks at the faded display.
           Marvels.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        After all this time... still
                        telling it.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Batteries must be running ten
                        years.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        At least.
                               (...)
                        Date could be wrong.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Says who?

           They share a smile.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        I want to make her a meal. For
                        her birthday.

           She offers out her wrist, for the watch.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        The ingredients are rather
                        exotic. Would you help me find
                        them?

           He nods - why not- and straps the watch back on her arm.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja watches them from the window.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn leads in front of Survivalist, looking skyward; he
           walks behind her, eyeing the perimetre and keeping his
           shotgun low and ready.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What were you... when people were
                        things.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN
                        I was a teacher.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        English, I’ll bet.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Economics. Pays better. Paid. I
                        had an impoverished husband to
                        support. A truly gorgeous man...
                        but never very practical.

           She stops and observes the high branches of a tree - a
           family of nests, a few crows.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Were you always... this?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        This?

                                 KATHRYN
                        Survivor-type.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I was a Dad. Stay-at-home.

                                 KATHRYN
                        I had one of those.

           She takes an interest in one particular tree.

           She walks around the perimetre and looks for an approach
           upwards.

           Survivalist looks up into the branches; sees an isolated
           nest in the high branches above.

           Looking down he sees Kathryn already has a foothold, is
           making her ascent.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You can’t be serious.

           She moves from branch to branch, adroit.

           Survivalist shakes his head and keeps scanning the area.

           She reaches the nest branch, which is sturdy enough to
           support her weight.

           She inspects the nest; three greenish and pebbled eggs.
           She scans her surroundings for the mother bird... all
           clear.

           She shakes each of the eggs in turn beside her ear; takes
           two and gently puts them in her lined pocket.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           A CROW lands on the same branch. Perhaps the mother.
           Perhaps a fellow thief.

           She looks at it; it looks back.

           Kathryn begins to climb down, slowly, keeping her eyes on
           the bird.

                                                                   FADE TO

           They walk through the forest; near dark.

           Survivalist touches Kathryn’s shoulder - halt. She looks
           to him. He waves a hand around his nose.

           She smells it too.

           They look around and source a direction. Moving through
           branches, leaves, on guard...

           They come across the REMAINS OF A FIRE in a clearing. No
           sign of life around - just the smouldering remains.

           Survivalist crouches and cranks a dynamo torch. It
           illuminates boot marks in the scorched mud around the
           fire. Overlapping, unique imprints; several people were
           here.

           He lights what Kathryn is nudging with a stick; a
           blackened oblong rib.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Torchlight marks Survivalist and Kathryn’s return from the
           dark forest. Milja stands sentry at the door, where she
           has been waiting.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           A pale, uneven omelette lies on a plate in front of Milja.

           Kathryn and Survivalist sit opposite, studying her
           reaction to the dish.

           Her fork picks off a corner. She raises to her mouth.
           Smells it suspiciously.

           Bites and chews. Her face squirms with the strange
           texture.

           She nods - it’s OK.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Do you remember when we used to
                        eat eggs?

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           She eats more of it, bigger pieces.

                                 MILJA
                        ... remembering.

           She is quickly down to her last piece.

           She offers it on a fork to each of them. They decline.

                                 KATHRYN
                        It’s for you.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        And something else as well.

           His chair scrapes and he goes to the seed room. Milja
           surveys her mother’s face for a hint, but she doesn’t know
           what he will produce.

           He returns and sets a tin can on the table.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                               (lying)
                        Forgot I had this.

           The cover is worn and faded; illegible text and red blobs.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Strawberries?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Cherries. Keep longer.

           He lifts it, inspecting the lid.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You even have a tin opener?

           He tilts the head of the can; it has a pull tab.

           He sets it down on the table and hinges the pull-tab
           backwards. The can should depressurise, but doesn’t. He
           tries to jag the tab into the can. It won’t go.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        We should use a tool-

           He raises a hand, stoic.

           He pulls the tab back with obvious strain. It won’t
           budget. He uses his other hand to put pressure on the
           metal behind the tab, pulling in both directions.

           The tab RIPS OFF and his thumb jags into the tab’s sharp
           neck.

           He drops the can and holds his thumb tights; cut open,
           oozing blood.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Kathryn immediately goes to the cabinet and takes out the
           first aid kit. She drags two chairs to the stove.

           She washes out his cut in the cooling roof water and wraps
           a bandage around it.

           Milja eyes her tender touch with him.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           Survivalist takes off his clothes in the dim stovelight of
           the lit stove. He peels back his bandage a little, to
           check how it’s mending. A bead of blood runs out.

           A hand runs up his arm to cup his fingers. Milja’s slender
           figure at his side. She pulls the thumb to her mouth and
           sucks the blood.

           He lets her, but is taken aback by her sudden possession.

           She ties off the bandage, double-tight, and takes him to
           the bed. She shuts the seed room door in passing.

           She lies him on his back and straddles him. Her nails rack
           along his chest. It hurts but he endures, holding off the
           urge to pull her hands away.

           Her hand runs between legs. She guides him into her.

           He reaches out to stop her, but she hold grips his hands
           and presses them against the bed. She kisses him with an
           almost tremendous force, as her hips push in and out of
           him.

                                                             FADE TO BLACK

                                                                  FADE UP:

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           A crow rests on branch’s edge; the setting sun behind.

           Its black eyes crane and peak around it with a hollow
           intelligence.

           TITLE OVER:

           AUTUMN

           The crow alights.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist wakes suddenly. Tense, sharp breaths. Milja
           asleep beside him. At rest. The door to Kathryn’s seed
           room open. Otherwise calm.

           He gets his feet on the ground and runs thumb against
           forehead, kneading out a few creases.

           He absently looks at his thumb in the stovelight; healed,
           a thin scar showing.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Survivalist makes his way across the plot. The night is
           moonless and jet-black dark, but he knows the way by
           memory.

           EXT. THE HEAPS - NIGHT

           The compost heaps give a warmth in the chill air.
           Survivalist unbuttons and pisses into a pile.

           He sighs, looking up at the pinhead jewels of the full
           dark sky.

           His piss patters out.

           He buttons up...

           ... Something small DARTS past him.

           Small, perhaps a fox or sleepless hare.

           He looks around, on edge. The forest night’s noisy
           silence.

           An owl, somewhere.

           But in the distance... a flicker of light, dancing like a
           dim spark.

           Survivalist’s night vision focusses: torchlight. The one
           beam, swaying between trees. Coming this way.

           Then another... as his eyes adapt to their range, about
           fifty metres away, he sees three, four... SIX beam lights
           flickering in the dark. The torchbearers are walking in an
           even, disciplined formation.

           Survivalist bolts to the cabin.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Through the door, he grabs the shotgun, opens the seed
           room door wide.

           INT. CABIN - SEED ROOM - NIGHT

           Drowsy but fast, Kathryn lays hands on the machete.
           Survivalist raises a quick finger to his lips. Shh...

           He pulls out the seed drawer and empties the envelopes of
           seeds into a rucksack.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Survivalist wakes Milja, puts her shirt in her hands.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - NIGHT

           Survivalist nudges the door open, slinging rucksack over
           shoulders. He uses his hand mirror to scan rightward, to
           the heaps.

           Torch beams flicker onto the edge of the plot. The dim hum
           of six dynamo-crank torches.

           He sidesteps in the opposite direction, back pressed close
           to the cabin. Kathryn, Milja half-dressed, follow. She
           looks back to see...

           Torchlight sweeping across the cabin’s front and falling
           on...

           ... empty space on the cabin’s foot ledge.

           The three run from the cabin towards the tall trees
           overlooking the farm.

           Survivalist is nimble, scaling the bark of the tree
           quickly.

           Kathryn follows, experienced tree climber from youth.

           Milja is next. Her feet scrape against the bark, searching
           for purchase in the knuckles of dead branches.

           Light grows brighter from the edge of the cabin... torch
           light passes through front windows and side windows onto
           the grass in front of them.

           Milja gets a hand hold on a lean branch. It creaks...

           Bare torch light their side of the cabin now. Shadows of
           men in halos of light. Army fatigues and outdoor wear and
           backpacks. Well fed physiques.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Milja reaches for a thicker branch.

           Her current branch hold BENDS...

           ... SNAPS

           ... Her FALLING hand

           ... GRABBED by Survivalist.

           He’s holding onto a branch with his other hand, with
           hardly any foothold.

           A torch beam flashes through the branches. They sway and
           rustle in a gentle breeze.

           Sweat beads on Survivalist’s forehead glitter in the
           bounced torch light...

           But the torch-bearer hasn’t seen anything, and his torch
           beam sinks to ground level again.

           Survivalist manages to lift Milja to within an arm’s grasp
           of another, stronger branch... she gets a handhold. Then
           her foot finds some purchase.

           They wait in the trees.

           Milja, cat’s eyes reflective, looks at Survivalist,
           fixated on the raiders destroying the crop, shotgun ready.

           Her stare is broken by a distant CLAP and clatter.

           A male SCREAM echoes in the night...

           Torches angle downhill, where a static beam shines through
           the trees, discarded by its carrier.

           A few converge and follow the screams to source downhill.

           Kathryn leans towards Survivalist.

                                 KATHRYN
                               (whispered)
                        Bigger game?

           He keeps his eyes on the torches pouring over the land.
           Hands dipping into the earth, pulling and packing produce.

                                                            MATCH FADE TO:
           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           The farmland is wrecked; torn-up, ransacked, clods of
           earth pattered along the walkways of the beds.

           Survivalist walks along the banks of the trampled soil.
           The seed bed has been half-pulled up trying to find
           edibles.

           Kathryn checks the other beds, seeing what’s still below
           earth, what’s salvageable.

           Milja clears some of the damage.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn and Survivalist step inside to inspect the cabin.

           Ransacked: tossed bed, pulled out shelves, scattered
           books. The articles of Linda Tallis, torn on the ground.

           But their eyes are drawn to the back wall... all the tools
           still on their hinges.

           In the tumult of the cabin... completely out of place.

           EXT. CABIN, SIDE - DAY

           Survivalist and Kathryn lift a tarpaulin from boxes at the
           side of the farm. They are covered in a moist, peat-like
           substance. Root vegetables underneath.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What’s still in the ground, and
                        this... we got about six weeks...
                        if we ration, we forage.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Six weeks? Catch crops won’t be
                        ready for eight, nine at least.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Would have been enough for one.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You should have saved the
                        cherries.

           Gallows humour.

           Survivalist lifts a potato out from storage. He sniffs it,
           turns it round: a WIREWORM coils on the underside,
           slinking back into a burrow-hole. He pinches the end
           before it escapes and pulls it out.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They’ll be coming back.

           He crushes the worm in his hand.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        That’s why they left the tools.
                        When we’ve grown more food...
                        they’ll be back.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Thin portions of stew are divided between the three of
           them by Survivalist.

           They eat in silence: a pall of quiet desperation has
           fallen over the room.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           The damage has been cleared. The three are planting seeds
           at intervals. Methodical, but with quiet urgency.

                                                            MATCH FADE TO:

           Several weeks later. Tender leaves from root plants are
           pricking out of the soil.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja serves a foraged meal. Mushrooms, nuts, some spuds
           from stores to fill it out.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY (LATER)

           The door to the seed room is open; Kathryn lies on the
           ground, holding her knees.

           Milja’s head rests on the table. She looks up -

           Survivalist, standing on the bed and holding the roof,
           running his fingers along the grooves of wood.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What sort of mushrooms were they?

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Milja inspects her period rag. She turns it, again and
           again: it is clean.

           Disconcerted, she puts it back in her underwear.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist hand sweeps across the bed.

           He wakes more fully; he is alone.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           A pool of watery sickle on the ground.

           Milja is on her hunkers, staring at it, holding her
           stomach.

                                 SURVIVALIST (OFF)
                        You OK?

           She turns; Survivalist stands in the doorway. He leans
           over her shoulders, squares up the vomit.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        The hunger... we need to try and
                        forage more.

           She nods, then stands and wipes her mouth with the back of
           her hand.

           INT. CABIN - DAY

           Survivalist is bare-chest, inspecting himself with a
           hand-mirror.

           Ribs stark against tight skin.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist slots a single shell into the breach of the
           shotgun. His actions are slow and leaden.

           He stalks through the forest, looking up at the brown
           leaves hanging onto bare branches...

           ... A shutter of movement

           He swings the gun up.

           A CROW moves between branches.

           He follows it.

           It leaps, flies to another tree.

           Survivalist follows the crow, moving quiet as he can not
           to startle.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           He sees the crow resting on a branch. He raises his
           shotgun to eye the shot - but it’s not very clean, branch
           and straggling autumn leaves in the way.

           He starts sidestepping to get a cleaner angle.

           A SNAP - somewhere else in the forest.

           His gun pivots down and around...

           Kathryn’s hunched figure, back to him, in the distance.
           She is crouched at one of the mantraps, which she has get
           off with a stick.

           She rubs a mash of berries against the trigger of a
           poacher trap. She sets a bed of hazelnuts on top it, using
           the mash as a loose adhesive.

           He walks towards her, his steps still hunter quiet in the
           familiar forest.

           She opens the jaws of the trap again, trying to reset it.

           Survivalist is a few metres from her now, sight unseen.
           She struggles with the stiff mechanism, trying to lock it
           open in place.

           She is prone - a kick and her head would lock in the jaws.
           She gasps as she reaches for the locking mechanism of the
           jaws...

           Her head turns - she looks at him.

           He lowers the gun quickly and pitches in. They reset the
           trap quickly.

           She is so tired she can only sit beside it, hunger having
           drained her of endurance.

           He inspects the bait.

                                 KATHRYN
                        A bit of meat... we could make
                        it. With the protein.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Traps are too big. Only thing
                        I’ve caught in there walked on
                        two legs.

           She watches as he walks back to his hunting spot and
           surveys the trees.

           The crow has gone.
           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           The three inspect the plants.

           They dig up root vegetables, babies really, checking to
           see if any are edible yet.

           Survivalist shows an immature onion to Kathryn, seeking a
           second opinion. She shakes her head.

           Milja looks at them. They’re too fixed on inspecting the
           earth to notice her take a pair of wirecutters from her
           jeans.

           She cuts a piece of mesh out of a pest barrier.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja lies awake, staring at the oven stove, gently
           burning for night-time heat. Moonlight streams through the
           windows.

           She slips her feet out of bed onto the ground. Checks
           Survivalist. He hasn’t stirred.

           She steps across the floor, light feet barely creaking the
           boards.

           A glance through her the gap in the door to her mother’s
           room: Kathryn lies sleeping on her back, hands
           unconsciously crossed on stomach.

           Milja sits cross-legged in front of the stove.

           She pulls the wire from her trousers. Opens the stove door
           a crack. Heats the wire.

           It is soon red hot.

           She takes it out, holds a silent penance as it cools.

           She dabs it against the back of her hand - warm, not
           burning.

           She lies back on the floor and opens her legs. Uses her
           fingers to feel inside herself.

           She holds the wire in front of her opening... hesitating.
           Fear of pain perhaps. Fear of the risks.

           She begins moving the wire inside her. Slow. Hesitant,
           guided by her fingers.

           She holds the wire still, at the threshold.

           Deep breaths.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Through the windows, the sounds of

           ... creaking oaks

           ... leaves finding voice in the rushes of wind.

           She pushes the wire deeper...

           Then PULLS it out.

           Panicked, frightened breaths.

           She throws it against the cabin wall.

           Her sits up and dips head into hands; her body trembles in
           the gloom with mute sobs.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Kathryn inspects the trap. The bait trigger has been
           licked clean, but the trap is unsprung.

           Suddenly fatigued, she sits and puts her head in hands.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja and Kathryn are awake and lying on the ground,
           looking at the ceiling. Hunger gnawed cheeks, shallow,
           lethargic breath. Hunger nudging them awake. Hunger
           forcing whispered words between lips.

                                 KATHRYN
                        There’s food enough for two.

           Kathryn looks at Milja, holds a hand to her cheek.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You could shave him tomorrow.

           Milja looks at her mother.

           She shakes her head.

           Kathryn breaks her glance and looks to the ceiling again.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Then we leave.

                                 MILJA
                        No.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You have to do it. For both of
                        us.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                               (repeating)
                        For both of us.

           Milja stares back at the ceiling. Works through an idea.

                                 MILJA (cont’d)
                        I could cook a meal.

                                 KATHRYN
                        A meal?

                                 MILJA
                        With mushrooms.

           Kathryn thinks it through.

                                 KATHRYN
                        It would take time.

                                 MILJA
                        We could go for a walk. For a
                        day, or two.

           Milja’s eyes are wet, shimmering with thought.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Milja steps through the forest in a crinkled summer dress,
           faint and slow on her feet with hunger. She holds a
           container... inside are a few mushrooms, nuts.

           In a clearing ahead, a corridor of light falls on a troop
           of white mushrooms.

           She steps forward and picks one. She carefully inspects
           it... a DEATH CAP...

           She sets it in her dress pocket, and begins to pick the
           rest.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           Milja cooks on the wood stove. She adds chopped mushrooms
           and nuts to the bubbling mix. An onion and three spuds
           float around in the watery mix - all they can spare to
           fill it out.

           Without a word, Survivalist enters. Thin as we’ve ever
           seen him. He hovers at her shoulder, spoons through the
           mix.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Good finds.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           She gives him a forced smile. Shrugs him off gently as he
           squeezes her arm.

           He sits by the window and looks into the distant final
           ember of sunset of an Indian summer night.

           The stew bubbles quietly.

           Milja removes the special variety from her pocket and
           begins to chop them.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        This was my wife’s favourite time
                        of year.

           As he remembers...

           Kathryn walks in, setting a torch by the sill - she’s been
           foraging past nightfall. She sets down her finds on a
           small bowl on the table.

           Milja sets three portions of stew on the table.

           Kathryn unconsciously eyes the mushrooms in Survivalist’s
           bowl. He sees her looking.

                                 KATHRYN
                        She always scoops from the bottom
                        for you.

           Milja gives another fixed, hollow smile as she sits at
           Survivalist’s side.

           Kathryn digs in. Milja as well, but she’s forcing herself.

           Survivalist is famished but without appetite. He spoons
           the food.

           He lifts a spoonful of steaming liquid to his mouth. Blows
           it gently.

           Then sups it.

           Kathryn, somewhat relieved, continues eating. Milja’s eyes
           remain fixed in front of her. She eats mechanically,
           without appetite.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn wakes alone - golden, first light seeps through
           the window. She gathers some clothing into a bag.
           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Kathryn steps quietly into the room.

           Milja lies awake, under Survivalist’s arms. Her eyes are
           red with tears. She doesn’t move as her mother packs a few
           handfuls of vegetables from the stove into her bag.

           Kathryn indicates for Milja to get up.

           She remains in bed.

           Kathryn steps towards her.

                                 KATHRYN
                        We don’t have time...

           Milja remains perfectly still, except for her welling
           gaze...

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Get up.

           Kathryn clamps a hand on Milja’s arm and begins to pull
           her when-

           Survivalist wakes and sits up. He’s drowsy but quickly
           cogent.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        ... What’s going on?

           She hesitates. Something deep within her ajar...

                                 KATHRYN
                        We were just...

           She holds her stomach. A wave of nausea. The water in
           Milja’s eyes runs down the side of her face.

           Kathryn shakes her head.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You didn’t.

           Survivalist sees the bag lying on the ground by the stove.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You couldn’t-

           She runs to the doorway and leans outside - her fingers
           rush into throat and throw up vomit.

           Survivalist races out of bed and rushes to her side. She
           gets her breath back.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        What did she give you?

                                 KATHRYN
                        Too late.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Tell me.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Mushrooms.

           Kathryn tries to retch again.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        When?

                                 KATHRYN
                        Supper. When else?

           He looks at the bag, again, then at Milja.

           Puts it together.

           Kathryn sits down on the porch, clutching her stomach and
           rocking gently.

           Survivalist sweeps to the book shelf and pulls a reference
           book.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        There’s a remedy.

                                 KATHRYN
                        A hospital. With a power supply.
                        And staff.

           She speaks with a gallows, drowsy lucidity.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Milk of thistle.

           He lowers a page entry to Kathryn’s view and shows the
           picture, description.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        But none in this forest. Not that
                        I’ve seen...

           Survivalist spreads an old National Trust map across the
           table. Kathryn pores over it with him; pencilled
           annotations and markings.

           Milja steps into the seed room and shuts the door behind
           her - a brief, perhaps final look between her and her
           mother.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        These parts I know, back of my
                        hand. I’ve never seen it.

           He indicates most of the map within a half-day’s walking
           distance. Then he indicates other areas - near flatland,
           forest’s edge.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        These places... there’s at least
                        a chance.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist leads Kathryn through the woods. They coil
           wind-up dynamo torches to illuminate the dark forest
           floor.

           EXT. HIGHER GROUND, CLEARING - DAY

           Survivalist orients himself with a map and compass.

           A sound - he turns to find Kathryn retching again, almost
           doubled over in pain. He goes to her side and holds her
           up.

           She waves him away; keep going.

           EXT. FOREST’S EDGE - DAY

           Trudging through dry forest mud. Both prematurely tired
           because of starvation rations.

           Kathryn takes, slow zombiefied glances at the ground.

           EXT. FOREST’S EDGE - DAY (LATER)

           Kathryn is slower now, her skin taking on a ghastly
           lividity all over. Her head twitches towards each dark
           nook of the forest.

           Survivalist is feverishly scanning the ground.

           She wheezes - takes a hard, stuttering cough. She pulls
           her fist away from her mouth and finds it flecked with
           blood.

           He locks an arm around hers. Pulls her back into motion.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           A slanted forest-line, overlooking a valley. They’ve
           stopped sweeping through the forest and inspect the area
           separately.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist stoops as a lush patch.

           Then he hears Kathryn’s voice.

                                 KATHRYN (OFF)
                        Over here.

           He finds her crouched on an outlook. He looks at what’s in
           front of her, to her feet. She shakes her head - not
           there. There.

           He looks out to the horizon.

           Reacts.

           We do not see what they see.

                                 KATHRYN
                        When was the last time you were
                        here?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        This far from the farm... four,
                        five years.

                                 KATHRYN
                        World’s beginning to put itself
                        together again.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                               (...)
                        Do you think they have it?

                                 KATHRYN
                        Milk of thistle?
                               (shakes)
                        No. We’re too far south. Don’t
                        think there’s any in this forest.

           He stares at her.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        But there is something I would
                        have expected them to have, which
                        they don’t.

           He looks back into the distance. Methodically studying the
           details.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Bean poles.

           She nods gently.

                                 KATHRYN
                        You read that book I lent you?
                               (...)
                                 (MORE)

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Remember the story of the Red
                        Queen. She always had to keep
                        running as fast as she could just
                        to stay on the board.

           With effort, she gets onto her feet again.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The light is dying now. They walk into an ancient part of
           the forest - old tall trees, long-fallen trunks, dark wood
           and deadness.

           Kathryn stops and rests against a tree, exhausted and
           racked with pain.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Worse and worse... how much
                        more...

           Her breath is a rasp.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Much, much more.

           She looks at him.

           Her hand feels a breast, a breast pocket. She reaches
           inside and gives him something in the palm of his hand.

                                 KATHRYN
                        This how you know?

           He opens his hand: the diamond ring.

           He looks at her, long and hard. Her eyes hold on him; no
           real fear, just curiosity, beneath everything else.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Our son was starving.

                                 KATHRYN
                        I saw his bones.

           He nods, solemn.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        It was too late anyway.. he was
                        too far gone.

                                 KATHRYN
                        ... You let her go all the way?

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Most of it.

                                 KATHRYN
                        But not all.

           He shakes his head.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Good.

           She walks to a fallen tree, and sits down on it; her
           hunched back to him.

           He watches; a thin trail of smoke emerges. She is smoking
           her last cigarettes.

           Her resignation hits him hard.

           Then he takes some steps away from her.

           Her shoulders remain hunched, seemingly incurious as to
           what he’s doing behind her.

           He raises the gun, gently opening the breech.

                                 KATHRYN (OFF)
                        Don’t.

           She turns her head.

                                 KATHRYN
                        Don’t waste the shell. Save it
                        for her.

           He stands there uncertainly.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Have you got your knife?

           For a moment he doesn’t remember whether he has or not.
           Her stare concentrates his mind. He takes it out from his
           leg strap and walks it over to her. She shakes her head.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        I need you to do it.

           He sits beside her. She stubs the cigarette she’s been
           smoking and takes out her last one, dropping the packet.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        When I’ve finished this.

           She smokes the fastest cigarette of her life. Ash drops on
           her thighs. The paper burns so fast she can almost see it
           creeping towards her.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        You know why she called you
                        Lenny?
                               (...)
                        It was the name of our dog.

           She laughs gently, but a shot of pain cuts her off.

           She inspects the short cigarette between her fingers.
           Perhaps a drag or two left.

           Fuck it. She flicks the cigarette-

           And he GRABS her right hand and SLASHES open her wrist.

           A thin spray of arterial blood hisses over her face, his.
           She grabs his hands.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Look at me.

           He can feel her blood lapping onto his wrists. He isn’t
           looking, he won’t-

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Look at me.

           He looks up into her eyes. He’s the one frightened - he
           doesn’t want to watch, doesn’t want to be this close. She
           smiles.

                                 KATHRYN (cont’d)
                        Don’t be scared.

           She leans towards him. Her eyelids becoming heavy and
           slow. She gently presses her lips onto his. He’s stiff
           with horror, fear, then... softens.

           He presses his lips back.

           Their eyes shut...

           They part lips. He opens his eyes.

           Her’s are still closed. The blood has stopped oozing from
           her wrist.

           She slumps onto his shoulder. He cradles her gently in his
           arms.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist trudges through the undergrowth. He has been
           walking for some time - the blood has dried to his
           clothing.

           He stops - his eyes fix on something on the ground.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           A dead rabbit lies crushed in the tight jaws of a mantrap.

           Something SNAPS nearby.

           Survivalist edges towards the sound, shotgun in hands...

           He crouches.

           Another trap; a SECOND RABBIT is clenched in oversize
           metal teeth.

           He cranks head to match the tilt of the rabbit’s head,
           which has been half-decapitated. It hangs by a sinew.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja startles as the door swings open. Survivalist enters
           - blood spattered- holding the two dead rabbits. He
           doesn’t look at her.

           She watches as he sets the rabbit on the stove-side
           surface, then washes his blood-caked hands, face.

           She sits on the bed quietly.

           He starts to skin them with a knife.

                                                                  FADE TO:

           Rabbit bones lie picked clean on plates at the table.

           Survivalist is awake beside Milja in bed. They avoid
           looking at each other.

           Milja takes Survivalist’s arm and rolls it over her chest.
           He pulls back, taking it as an unwanted advance, but she
           flattens out his hand on her belly.

           He rubs it, his hand dipping between her legs, but she
           tugs it back up and flattens it on her belly again.

           She moves the hand around slowly, until he finds the
           significance.

           He looks up at her - eyes glazed, perhaps afraid- and then
           withdraws his hand.

           They lie in silence, not touching anymore, both still
           awake.
           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Survivalist and Milja drag Kathryn’s body. Milja pulls the
           arms, and Survivalist, trailing from the front, hoists the
           legs and most of the weight.

           The body doesn’t weigh very much, but it still bears
           heavily on their tender, malnourished muscles.

           Survivalist stops. He sets down the legs and breathes out
           his exertion. Milja takes the opportunity to let go of her
           mother’s arms and turn away.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        We can’t stay here.

           She looks over her shoulder.

                                 MILJA
                        There’s nowhere else to go.

           He shakes his head.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        There’s a settlement.
                               (...)
                        She found a settlement. Near
                        forest’s edge. Big enough to
                        defend itself against raiders.
                        Well-run farm. Crop rotation.

           Her eyes draw towards the body again.

                                 MILJA
                        Would they take us in?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They didn’t have any beanpoles.

                                 MILJA
                        So?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Maybe they don’t have any beans.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           They eat a thin, adequate soup; food previously split
           between three divided between two.

           Milja forks a loose bean on her plate.

                                 MILJA
                        What if they get their protein
                        elsewhere?

           He scrapes his plate clean. The problem gnaws at him.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        I’ll go alone and make the offer.
                        If it’s a trap, they won’t push
                        hard on the trade.

           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           Survivalist pours a teaspoon of seeds into a polythene
           bag.

           EXT. FARM PLOT - DAY

           Survivalist uses a trowel to dig a sapling bean stalk out
           of the ground.

           He scoops some fresh beans from a mature stalk, bags them.

           Milja brings him the open Bible and he coat-pockets the
           shells.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Back before sundown.

                                 MILJA
                        ...and if you’re not?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        You can keep the farm.

           He walks into the forest.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja walks around the empty cabin. A sense of being
           completely alone for miles...

           She takes a book from a shelf...

           Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland

           She sees a child’s branding on the inside, in carefully
           elided red Biro: ’KATHRYN ROCHE, AGE 11’.

           She drops the book-

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           A SPADE hits the forest floor. It bumps along the ground
           as it is dragged by Milja. She keeps her eyes on the trail
           ahead, retracing a route from memory.
           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           Milja sits by her mother’s body. It is face down in the
           dirt where it was abandoned. Milja places her hand on her
           mother’s neck - she rubs patterns of hair against the
           cold, livid skin.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           A shovel SLAMS into the dirt. Tough soil in this part.
           Milja’s face is slick with sweat, smeared with dirt when
           she’s wiped it with the back of her hand. She could find
           softer soil, but she wants the pain.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY (LATER)

           Kathryn’s body lies in the ground, face up, arms crossed.
           In death, her skin’s lividity almost appears golden.

           Milja holds a brilliant, purple-back beetle in her hands.
           It scurries around the cage of her fingers. She sets it on
           her mother’s chest.

           Then she slings the first scoop of dirt over the body.

           EXT. CABIN, FRONT - DAY

           Milja waits on the cabin porch, scanning the perimeter of
           the farm. The sun is fading in the sky.

           Survivalist emerges from the tree line.

           He walks up the plot to the cabin.

           He steps past her, not making eye contact.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - DAY

           Milja follows him through the doorway. He eats the cooled
           food.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They want to test-bed the seeds,
                        make sure they’re good. Saplings
                        and beans weren’t enough.

                                 MILJA
                        That’s good, though? Shows
                        they’re for real.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They’re for real all right.

           Milja notes his tone. Tense. Brooding.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 MILJA
                        Two, three weeks then?

           He looks at her for the first time.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        And they’ll only take one of us.

           INT. CABIN, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT

           They lie in bed, clothed and close for warmth.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        The beans are worth one extra
                        mouth. That’s the way they see
                        it. I offered everything. The
                        guns. The tools.

           She looks at him, quiet...

                                 MILJA
                        What about me?

           He meets her glance; a dim echo of Kathryn’s offer.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                               (shakes)
                        They’re religious. Polygamists, I
                        think. Perhaps they’d take you as
                        a wife, but not with me.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           They walk together, eyes pinned to the forest floor as
           they scan for food to forage.

                                 MILJA
                        We go back. When they’ve seeded.
                        Together. We plead. We beg them.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They’re hard people.

                                 MILJA
                        They believe. They want to help
                        us.

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        They’re alive and they believe
                        because they’ve done things to
                        stay alive... they need there to
                        be a forgiver out there,
                        somewhere.

           Survivalist stops. His nostrils suck in deep drags of the
           smell. Milja follows, scans the surroundings.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

           Survivalist cocks the shotgun.

           Survivalist sniffs the source; a patch of wet urine on a
           tree.

           They scan the three sixty forest horizon - the buzz and
           saw of insects and birds - but no slinking shadows, no
           white of eye in the gloom.

           He makes a pistol sign with index finger and palm - do you
           have it with you?

           She shakes her head.

           He pulls his knife from leg-strap, gives it to her. She
           gets used to the balance in her hand quickly.

           Survivalist studies branches, the crush of vegetation on
           the forest floor. In the dirt, footprints. Bootmarks.
           Multiple steps, indentations.

           He raises a hand to Milja: two fingers.

           He continues scouring the floor. A flurry of footprints on
           a bare batch of dirt.

           Raises three fingers.

           Four.

           Stops counting. Looks at her. They know who they are.

           She whispers, breath-loud but firecracker loud in the new
           silence...

                                 MILJA
                        The seeds.

           EXT. CABIN, EDGE OF FARM - DAY

           Survivalist holds out his mirror:

                                           the half-camo outfits, perhaps
           He can see the RAIDERS ripping up food from the plot. They
           are clearer in daylight -
           robbed from soldiers; perhaps they are ex-soldiers.
           Rough-hewn tattoos snaking over most of their skin,
           strange, amateur piercings - hardy and dangerous in a
           world of infections.

           One of them has a HOBBLE from the sprung trap in the last
           raid.

           The leader, WHISTLER is an obese man - a particularly
           unnatural sight in this age - and issues directions to his
           other men in a shrill, shepherd-like whistle. He directs a
           man with a sledgehammer - SLEDGE - to the cabin.
           EXT. CABIN, REAR - DAY

           Stealth-quiet, Survivalist and Milja run from the tree
           line to the back window of the cabin.

           Survivalist takes a small multi-tool from his jacket and
           begins loosening a screw on the back window’s protective
           metal grill. Milja keeps watch at one side of the cabin,
           knife poised for a quick stab to the throat if needed.

           The cabin wood trembles from the relentless, regular
           pounding of the sledgehammer.

           One screw drops into Survivalist’s hand. Two screws.

           The sledgehammer BASHES into the front door. Splinters,
           cracks appear in the panelling by the lock.

           Milja and Survivalist gently remove the metal grating and
           set it on the grass. Milja hands him the knife. He grips
           the handle backwards and puts his coat over the top to
           soften the blow against the glass.

           The sledge POUNDS against the tattered door, the binding
           wood about to snap...

           Survivalist raises and lowers the knife in sync to the
           sledgehammer blows.

           One. Two...

           The front door CRACKS OPEN-

           Survivalist SMASHES the window in.

           The raider with the SLEDGE bursts inside the cabin.

           Survivalist and Milja keep eyes pinned to each side of the
           cabin, waiting for any inquisitors.

           They can hear main room being ransacked.

           No one comes through the seed room door.

           Survivalist uses the coat to pick shards of glass out of
           the windows.

           When it’s clear, he crouches and Milja steps into his lap.
           He BOOSTS her up through the sill, and she eases herself
           into:
           INT. CABIN, SEED ROOM - DAY

           As she lands on the ground, the door rattles - someone at
           the handle.

           She pulls her mother’s machete and hands it out the window
           to Survivalist. Then she takes the seed trays and empties
           them into a rucksack.

           The door begins to BANG. A boot is trying to kick it in.

           Milja passes the rucksack through the window.

           A SLAM against the seed room door. A sledgehammer being
           swung against it.

           Milja leans out the window... Survivalist takes her in his
           arms. She slides against the bottom of the sill, a rogue
           piece of glass slicing against her belly.

           The LOCK smashes whole into the room, a piece of wood
           still attached.

           The door is kicked open.

           Sledge steps in. He sees the upturned seed shelf, the
           broken window.

           INT CUT EXT. CABIN, REAR & INT. CABIN SEED ROOM

           Survivalist and Milja cower under the window. Milja
           presses hands over stomach to stem the blood.

           Sledge tears open shelves and knocks over seed trays,
           scouring with irritable impatience.

           Blood drips from the rogue glass shard onto the cabin
           floor.

           Survivalist, Milja both can barely breathe. Sledge’s nasal
           respiration feels like it’s on the back of their necks.

           But Sledge loses interest in the room and steps back into
           the main cabin.

           They hear him move away. Still hunkered down, Survivalist
           straps the backpack onto Milja. They walk fast to the
           forest.

           Survivalist stops and PIVOTS the shotgun to the cabin
           behind them.

           Hobble stands at the corner. He is rabbit in headlights at
           the two barrels of shotgun pointing at his chest.

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                       Then he steps sideways to keep
           Survivalist lifts his hand off the barrel and raises a
           finger... KEEP QUIET.
           Hobble in blast range if he tries to bolt around the
           corner. But Hobble is too slow-witted to move.

           Survivalist steps towards him and waves the shotgun
           downwards. Hobble gets on his knees, drops his knife.
           Survivalist kicks it a few feet away.

           A stand-off.

           If Survivalist fires, they’re heard. He walks away, Hobble
           will signal the alarm.

           In a whisper...

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Augustus.

           Survivalist looks into the eyes.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        My name is Augustus.

                                 MILJA
                               (absent, repeating)
                        Augustus?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        Always hated it.

           Hobble looks uncertainly at the exchange.

                                 SURVIVALIST (cont’d)
                        You better get going.

                                 MILJA
                        What about you?

                                 SURVIVALIST
                        ... I’ll catch up.

           Milja moves quickly to forest’s edge.

           She stops and turns.

           Takes one last look at him.

           THEN RUNS...

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Milja’s feet are fast against the ground, legs snapping
           dead wood and hands snapping branches from her face.
           EXT. CABIN, REAR - DAY

           Hobble stares at Survivalist with a grim forbearance. They
           both know the way this is going to end.

           Survivalist glances at Hobble’s leg - still wrapped in a
           makeshift support.

           He smirks.

           Voices the other side of the cabin. Missing one of their
           number.

           A WHISTLE sounds.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Milja, running... she steps on a fallen tree, leaps
           forward into the forest.

           EXT. CABIN - DAY

           Survivalist looks at the side of the cabin.

           An eerie silence.

           He looks from one corner of the cabin to the other.

           Sees a flicker of movement on the ground at one corner -
           the shadow of man and rifle drawing closer.

           He looks back at Hobble.

           Pulls the trigger.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           A GUNSHOT echoes through the forest.

           Birds take flight from the trees above.

           Milja stops dead for a moment, panting, exhausted.

           DISTANT GUNFIRE, rifle rounds.

           She runs again.

                                                                  FADE TO:
           EXT. A FOREST STREAM - DAY

           Clear water runs over rocks.

           Milja’s hands scoop up water. She brings her palms to her
           belly wound, cleaning it out.

           Inspects it: the blood is beginning to congeal.

           She becomes aware of the uneasy tranquility of the scene;
           her alone in the water, light through the trees, sound of
           birds.

           She stands and picks up her belongings.

           EXT. FOREST’S EDGE - DAY

           Branches pull back to reveal:

           THE DISTANT SETTLEMENT.

           A wide encirclement of fencing, wire, tents and guard
           posts. Take away the modern anachronisms, and it could
           pass for an iron-age encampment.

           Milja passes from the trees into the open fields and walks
           towards the settlement.

           TWO GUARDS stand to arms in their observation post and
           raise rifles.

           Milja walks towards them, her mother’s machete raised
           abreast, her free hand raised in welcome.

           EXT. CABIN, FARM PLOT - DAY

           Raiders build a pyre.

           A raider strips Hobble’s face-blasted body.

           Another scrapes a long stick sharp at both ends.

           Survivalist lies prostrate on the ground, barely alive,
           his skin bloated and bloody. Raiders pull his boots and
           socks off, then strip the rest.

           Survivalist’s eyes push beyond the shadows tearing at his
           clothes... towards his outstretched hand.

           He is clutching the diamond ring.

           A boot STAMPS on his wrist.

           A gloved hand PULLS the ring from his fingers.
           The pyre is LIT.

           EXT. THE SETTLEMENT - DAY

           Milja waits under the FIRST GUARD, raised above her on the
           observation post. Beyond the wire-mesh fence is a central
           tent, where the rest of clan are in conference.

                                 MILJA
                        What’s happening?

                                 FIRST GUARD
                        They’re taking a vote. Shouldn’t
                        be long.

           He smiles awkwardly at her. There is a wary politeness
           between them, both unsure whether she will be accepted.

           He sees Milja’s instinctive hand clasp.

                                 FIRST GUARD
                        Are you pregnant?

           Milja is unsure how to answer. The Guard smiles.

                                 FIRST GUARD (cont’d)
                        Don’t worry, we’re Christians
                        here.

           He clutches the cross on his necklace, as proof.

                                 FIRST GUARD (cont’d)
                        When are you expecting?

                                 MILJA
                        Six months, I think.

                                 FIRST GUARD
                               (repeating)
                        Six months.
                               (...)
                        Do you know what you’ll call it?

           She is looking to the horizon.

           There is a small trail of smoke from a distant fire.

                                 MILJA
                        If it’s a boy.

           The SECOND GUARD emerges from the tent. He walks down the
           path towards them. He holds a scrap of paper.

           As Milja waits for the news -

                                                              CUT TO BLACK

                                                               (CONTINUED)
           CONTINUED:

                                 THE END
