                                 The Disciple Program

                                         by
                                    Tyler Marceca
                                                               OPEN TO:

           EXT. ARIZONA DESERT PLAIN - DAY

           Desolate. Sparse vegetation save for the occasional scrub 
           cactus. Appearing in the distance, undulating in the heat- 
           haze --

           EXT. PILGRIM CROSSING PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL - DAY

           High perimeter walls, spirals of concertina wire and manned 
           watchtowers indicative of the danger patients here pose. 

           INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - PILGRIM CROSSING - DAY

           A stark room with a stainless steel table situated in the 
           center. Sitting on one side of the table --

           -- JOCELYN EBERLE, one of the resident psychiatrists. Mid-
           thirties, pretty without pretense or solicitation. There’s  
           an opened file in front of Jocelyn. But her eyes are else-
           where, lost in thought, face pinched with distress.

           The room’s only door opens. A GUARD peeks his head in.

                                 GUARD
                        Your patient’s here Dr. Eberle.

           Breaking Jocelyn from her reverie. Steeling herself --

                                 JOCELYN
                        You can send him in.

           Guard holds the door open for an imposing ORDERLY pushing --

           -- EDMUND BOEDDEKER, both wrists handcuffed to the arms of   
           a wheelchair, draped in a tear-resistant smock. Unassuming. 
           But behind Edmund’s eyes, a violent storm rages. 

           Orderly directs Edmund to the table, guiding both wheels of 
           the wheelchair into designated grooves in the floor. Moving 
           back to the door, Orderly waves his hand over a panel --  

           -- triggering clamps to spring out and fasten to the wheels, 
           rooting Edmund firmly to the floor. 

           Orderly takes position at the closed door like a sentinel. 

           Jocelyn takes a moment to review Edmund’s file. Stolen 
           glimpses of crime-scene photos, the eviscerated bodies       
           of young women unearthed from crude burial sites. 
           Pegging Jocelyn for a possible admirer -- 

                                 EDMUND
                        You’ll have to forgive me for the 
                        Nordlinger girl. That was a mess,  
                        I know. But it served as a great  
                        résumé builder. 

           Jocelyn closes the file, regarding Edmund for a beat. 

                                 JOCELYN
                        Edmund, my name’s Dr. Jocelyn Eberle. 
                        I’m a psychiatrist here at Pilgrim 
                        Crossing. I know that you normally 
                        meet with Dr. Storetveit, but the 
                        administrations board felt you were 
                        making...
                             (pausing to frame it 
                              delicately)
                        ... limited progress under his 
                        purview.

                                 EDMUND
                        That’s funny. I felt Dr. Storetveit 
                        and I had struck up a nice rapport. 
                        I tried telling them too, but they 
                        insisted that I see you. 

           Ears pricking up --

                                 JOCELYN
                        Who insisted Edmund?

           Edmund’s brow furrows, face knotted with discomfort.

                                 EDMUND
                        I’m sorry Dr. Eberle. I’m having a 
                        difficult time concentrating.

           Jocelyn nods to Orderly. Orderly moves to Edmund, unlocks his 
           handcuffed left hand, setting a pad and pencil on the table.

           Edmund scrutinizes the pencil’s tip with a disapproving look.

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        This is dull.

                                 ORDERLY
                        It’s sharp enough Rembrandt.

           Orderly moves back to his post by the door.
                                 EDMUND
                        He always calls me Rembrandt. It 
                        must be the only painter he knows.

           With his free hand, Edmund commits pencil to paper, drawing a 
           circle with painstaking exactitude, an exercise that seems to 
           have a calming effect on Edmund.

                                 JOCELYN
                             (persisting)
                        You said you tried telling them 
                        that you wanted to stay under Dr. 
                        Storetveit’s care Edmund. Who did 
                        you say this to?

           Unable to derail Edmund’s train of thought -- 

                                 EDMUND
                        People often forget about Giotto, 
                        even though it’s his work that has 
                        come to represent the advent of the 
                        Italian Renaissance.

           RIP -- Edmund balls up his first effort, begins a new circle. 

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        Once word of Giotto’s considerable 
                        talents began to spread, it’s said 
                        the Pope himself sent one of his 
                        most trusted aesthetes to Florence 
                        to observe and ultimately determine 
                        whether or not Giotto’s skills were 
                        worthy of the Vatican’s commission. 

           RIP -- Edmund discards another failed attempt, starts over. 

           Jocelyn watches as the pencil meticulously orbits the paper, 
           shaking from the exertion.  

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        And how did Giotto choose to 
                        demonstrate his craft to the    
                        Holy Father’s emissary? 

           RIP -- unsatisfied. 

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        A fresco of the lamentation of 
                        Christ perhaps?

           RIP -- another ball of paper added to the growing pile. 
                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        Or an altarpiece depicting The 
                        Annunciation?

           RIP -- Jocelyn watches the pencil quiver from the pressure, 
           the veins in Edmund’s wrist engorged and pulsating. 

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        No. Giotto simply dipped his fine-
                        tipped brush in a bit of red paint 
                        and drew a circle on canvas.

           RIP -- and Edmund’s pencil once again finds the thinning pad, 
           threatening to splinter in half from the effort.

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        A perfect circle.

           SNAP -- and the concentrated stress beheads the pencil, the 
           sheared-off graphite gouging out a divot of paper.

           Edmund’s face curdles, instantly sickened. He pitches left 
           and violently retches. 

           Jocelyn uprights. Orderly moves to help Edmund --

           -- but Edmund, expression now full of grim determination, 
           reaches into his puddle of sick, finding a small carrier 
           tube. He flicks off the top --

           -- brandishing a serrated shiv.

           Catching sight of the shiv, Jocelyn calls to Orderly -- 

                                 JOCELYN
                        Stay away from him!

           Orderly glances up at Jocelyn, registering her warning --

           -- and that’s all it takes, Edmund seizing the moment and 
           striking up at Orderly like a coiled snake. Edmund’s shiv 
           finds Orderly’s abdomen ten times in half as many seconds. 

           Jocelyn fossilizes, watches the bloodletting with mute horror. 

           Orderly falls back, Edmund’s sixteenth career victim by the 
           time he hits the floor. 

           Still rooted to the wheelchair by a handcuff, Edmund extends 
           his free arm, trying to reel in Orderly’s body --  

           -- and the keys attached to his belt. 

           Jocelyn moves for the door --
           -- and Edmund spins around, blocking Jocelyn’s path. 

           They’re at a standstill. Jocelyn can’t reach the door without 
           crossing into Edmund’s striking radius. And Edmund’s fixed in 
           place like a leashed dog.

                                 EDMUND
                        Do you know why they came to me  
                        Dr. Eberle?  

           Edmund flexes, testing the give of the handcuff.

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        They were admirers of my work. 

           Edmund angles his handcuffed wrist on the armrest of the 
           wheelchair. He then raises his foot, brings it down hard --

           -- SNAPPING the bones in his wrist, his hand falling limply. 
           Edmund uses the shiv to hack through his flaccid wrist --

           -- crudely sawing off his hand.

           Free from bondage, Edmund tucks his spurting stump into the 
           folds of his smock, his rabid eyes stalking Jocelyn.

                                 JOCELYN
                        Listen to me Edmund, without 
                        immediate medical attention,     
                        you will bleed to death.

           Edmund puts his weight against the metal table, pushing it 
           forward -- driving Jocelyn back towards the far wall.

           Trying to speak over the grating SHRILL of the table --

                                 JOCELYN (CONT’D)
                        I don’t know what they promised you 
                        Edmund. But they’re just using you. 

           The table bears down on Jocelyn, sending her backpedaling to 
           the wall, forcing her to commit to a side --

           -- Jocelyn shoots right. Edmund moves to intercept, slashing 
           at her. Jocelyn throws up her arm defensively, a jagged slit 
           opening up on her forearm like a ripped seam. 

           Edmund swipes at Jocelyn’s throat --

           -- Jocelyn instinctively ducks under, goes for the door --   

           -- and loses her footing, slipping in Orderly’s pooling 
           blood. Edmund pounces, about to deliver the deathblow --
           -- and Jocelyn wheels around, gripping Orderly’s taser-gun.   
           She fires --

           -- both probes sinking into Edmund’s torso, the conductive 
           wires’ twenty-six watt current sending Edmund to the floor  
           in a spasmodic fit, flapping like a beached fish.

           Finally alerted to the turmoil, Guard bursts into the room, 
           tackling and restraining Edmund before he can recover --

           -- as Jocelyn cowers in the corner, awash in Orderly’s blood.

           EXT. HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Lying on the fringe of the Mojave, Humboldt’s an unassuming 
           airforce base when one considers its absence of any actual 
           aircraft, comprised almost entirely of ruggedized trailers. 

           INT. TRAILER EIGHTEEN - HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           The trailer houses a ground control station (GCS). Used    
           for remote-piloting unmanned aircraft, the GCS consists     
           of a pilot’s chair, an array of monitors and a joystick. 

           Operating this particular GCS --

           -- LIEUTENANT COLONEL ROGER EBERLE, mid-thirties, already a 
           seasoned veteran. Like the drone-craft he pilots, Roger’s a 
           perfectly calibrated instrument of warfare. A cross-section 
           of scars leave barren trails in his scalp --

           -- evidence Roger wasn’t always so far removed from war’s 
           “kinetic operations.”

           Roger studies one of his monitors, a real-time feed from his 
           hovering drone showing a village aglow in phosphorous green. 

           Seen from above, Roger can make out the heat signatures of 
           people lying on the roofs of the village --

           -- all of them looking like possible snipers. 

           COLONEL OLMSTED, Roger’s direct superior, enters the trailer. 

           Without turning around --

                                 ROGER
                        I’m still loitering sir. Ground 
                        blue-force elements are holding 
                        fast three clicks away. 

           Olmsted holds up a sheet of documentation.
                                 OLMSTED
                        This just came in from HQ.
                             (excerpting)
                        “Ground command of accelerated 
                        pacification campaign Shinning 
                        Spearhead hereby grant remote  
                        pilot clearance to engage.” In 
                        other words Lieutenant, reduce  
                        that village to ash.

                                 ROGER
                        Sir, I don’t believe we’ve met a 
                        positive identification criteria 
                        for hostiles down there just yet.

           Pointing at the screen --

                                 OLMSTED
                        Really? Because I’m staring at a 
                        rat’s nest of snipers down there. 
                        Why else would they be assuming a 
                        prostrate position on their roofs?

                                 ROGER
                        When it gets hot at night, those 
                        people can’t exactly turn on the 
                        air-conditioning. So they end up 
                        falling asleep topside.

           Taking a bureaucratic approach now --

                                 OLMSTED
                        Pattern of life analysis shows that 
                        AQ drove out the non-combatants.

                                 ROGER
                        Most of them sir. Not all of them.

                                 OLMSTED
                             (coldly assertive)
                        We have our orders Lieutenant.

           Roger’s hand tentatively grips the joystick, about to 
           commence an indiscriminate air-strike on the village --

           -- and then something clicks with Roger.

                                 ROGER
                        I know how we can distinguish the 
                        civilians from the insurgents sir.

           Roger keys a few commands. A cross-hair appears on one of the 
           screens. With the joystick, Roger positions the cross-hair on 
           the village’s periphery.
                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        We can use the infrared designator 
                        to separate the foxes from the hens. 

           A circle of infrared strobe-light appears. With the joy-
           stick, Roger traces the fringe of the village, directing    
           the beam one hundred and eighty degrees.

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        It’s like karaoke. Anyone looking 
                        through a night-vision scope will 
                        follow the bouncing ball. 

           For a beat, all of the ambient figures on the roofs remain 
           motionless. His impatience reaching critical mass, Olmsted  
           is about to give Roger a serious dressing-down --

           -- then movement, figures on two roofs repositioning to track 
           the infrared light, clearly sniper-spotter tandems. 

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        Looks like they can see in the  
                        dark sir.

           Despite himself, Olmsted’s impressed with Roger’s tactical 
           ingenuity. He green-lights Roger with a nod and walks away.

           Exemplifying brain-power before firepower, Roger obtains 
           target acquisition on both roofs. Into his headset --

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        Hunter-Seven, this is Dragonfly. 
                        Switching to precision ordnance. 
                        Firing for effect.

           EXT. COURTYARD - HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Roger enters the artificial-turf laden enclosure, a sign at 
           the gate reading, “Cell Phones May Be Activated Beyond This 
           Point.”

           Roger switches on his cell -- finds it backed up with missed 
           calls and voicemails. 

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           Roger, still in his airforce issued flight-suit, races down  
           a hallway, reading the patient room numbers at a clip. 

           Roger turns a corner, sees SIDNEY JUERGENS, the bespectacled, 
           late-fifties chief administrator of Pilgrim Crossing, pacing 
           outside one room. Squaring up on Sidney --
                                 ROGER
                        I thought you searched these guys 
                        Sidney. How the fuck did he get a 
                        blade into that room?

           With a quiet, placating tone he hopes will be infectious --

                                 SIDNEY
                        We do check them. Thoroughly Roger, 
                        I can assure you. But this guy had 
                        the weapon lodged in his digestive 
                        tract.

                                 ROGER
                        And how did this psychotic get his 
                        hands on a shiv in the first place?

                                 SIDNEY
                        We’re looking into that Roger. 
                        We’re doing everything we can...

           Sidney trails off as Roger indignantly brushes past him.

           INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY

           Roger at the foot of the bed, Jocelyn sitting upright, arms 
           guardedly interlocked with a blank, traumatized look. 

           Jocelyn’s lacerated forearm is bandaged and wrapped. 

                                 ROGER
                        I spoke with the hospital staff. 
                        They agreed to let you stay here 
                        until I can pick you up tomorrow.

                                 JOCELYN
                        It’s seventeen stitches Roger. Not 
                        a liver transplant.

                                 ROGER
                        Who did this Joce?

                                 JOCELYN
                             (sharply)
                        You know I can’t discuss my 
                        patients with you.

           Roger assents, decides not to push.

                                 ROGER
                        I have to fly tomorrow Joce. That  
                        I can’t help. But after that, I’m 
                        taking a leave of absence.  
           Roger moves to lay a consoling hand on Jocelyn’s leg -- 

           -- Jocelyn recoils from Roger’s touch like a skittish horse. 

           Roger looks at Jocelyn, trying to connect. But Jocelyn keeps 
           her eyes averted.

           INT. TRAILER EIGHTEEN - HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Roger’s once again fastened into his GCS. Though he operates 
           without a trace of negligence or distraction, it’s clear his 
           primary concerns are closer than the ones thousands of miles 
           away on his screens. 

           INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY

           Blinds drawn, Jocelyn sits in near darkness, on edge.

           The door swings open. Jocelyn snaps around, finds NURSE KATHY 
           entering with a tray. Flashing an innately pleasant smile -- 

                                 NURSE KATHY
                        Good afternoon Mrs. Eberle.

           Jocelyn offers nothing, warily observing Nurse Kathy as she 
           sets her tray down on a stand. 

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        I may not be a doctor Mrs. Eberle, 
                        but I think you’re suffering from  
                        an acute sunshine deficiency.

           Nurse Kathy moves to the windows to open the blinds.

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        And there’s only one way to treat 
                        that condition.

           Just as Nurse Kathy reaches for the lift cord --

                                 JOCELYN
                        LEAVE IT!

           Nurse Kathy spins around, startled by Jocelyn’s sudden out-
           burst. Nurse Kathy quickly composes herself, retrieving two 
           paper cups off the tray and handing them to Jocelyn. 

           Jocelyn reluctantly accepts, holding a cup in each hand. One 
           is filled with water. The other contains two pills.

           Noting Jocelyn’s suspicious appraisal of the medication --
                                 NURSE KATHY
                        Amoxicillin. A basic antibiotic. 
                        Remember, that knife was sitting  
                        in some man’s gastric juices.

           Nurse Kathy stands at the foot of the bed, waiting for 
           Jocelyn to swallow the pills. 

           Jocelyn raises the cup of pills to her mouth, chasing it back 
           with the water. Hands both empty cups back to Nurse Kathy.

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        I’ll let you know when your husband 
                        arrives Mrs. Eberle.

           Nurse Kathy trots out. As the door closes behind her --

           -- Jocelyn pitches left, spitting the pills and water onto 
           the floor. She reaches for the tissues, plucking a handful 
           out and frantically swabbing the inside of her mouth.

           EXT. EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           A modest home more or less indistinguishable from the rest  
           of its counterparts in this suburban enclave. 

           A SUV pulls into the driveway, depositing Roger and Jocelyn. 
           We get the sense their ride home hasn’t exactly been rich in 
           conversation.

           INT. KITCHEN - EBERLE RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Roger and Jocelyn eat dinner, the silence at the table 
           punctuated by clinking silverware and masticating jaws. 

           Jocelyn absently picks at her food. She looks down, finds 
           PLATO, her Scottish terrier, scratching at his collar.

           Jocelyn reaches down, reels Plato close, holding him as if  
           he were a talisman to ward off evil.

           INT. BEDROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Jocelyn occupies her side of the bed, curled up in a fetal 
           bundle, facing away from Roger.

           Roger lies awake on his back, contemplative.

                                 ROGER
                        What happened Joce? 
                                 JOCELYN
                        Something I said... must have set 
                        him off somehow. Provoked him --

                                 ROGER
                             (cutting her off)
                        I’m not talking about yesterday. 
                        You’ve gone cold these past months. 
                        I tell myself a wife doesn’t just 
                        wake up one morning and look at her 
                        husband like he’s a stranger who’s 
                        walked in off the streets without 
                        having her reasons. I just want to 
                        know what they are.

           Jocelyn’s eyes crystallize, lips quivering, about to lay 
           herself bare -- but refrains, locked in tortured silence.

           Roger lets out a dispirited sigh at Jocelyn’s withholding.  
           He shuffles onto his side, puts his back to Jocelyn.

           INT. KITCHEN - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Morning light fills the room. A coffee-maker drips away. 

           Jocelyn pads over to the sliding-glass door leading to the 
           backyard carrying a bowl of dog food. She slides it open. 

           INT. BEDROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger gradually stirs awake. He uprights, wiping the cobwebs 
           from his eyes, his shirtless back revealing an archipelago of 
           rubbery scar tissue.

           INT. KITCHEN - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger enters dressed. He pours a cup of steaming brew into a 
           mug crested with the Cardinals logo. 

           Noting his wife’s absence --

                                 ROGER
                        Joce? 

           He moves to the sliding-glass door, stepping outside.

           EXT. BACKYARD - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger crosses the porch, finds Plato by the in-ground pool, 
           nibbling on the spilled dog food from his overturned bowl.
           Roger approaches the pool -- 

           -- finds Jocelyn floating face-down, hair spread out like   
           an ink spill. 

           Roger jumps in, frantically turns his wife over, wiping the 
           hair away from her static face, revealing clouded eyes. 

           Roger lifts Jocelyn out of the water, laying her gently on  
           the lawn. He begins performing mouth-to-mouth, desperately   
           trying to summon a pulse from her. 

           Plato watches solemnly as Roger tries resuscitating Jocelyn --  

           -- despite the fact it’s utterly futile. 

           INT. MEDICAL EXAMINER’S OFFICE - DAY

           Roger waits in the visitor’s chair, face a portrait of raw, 
           freshly widowered devastation. He can’t help but notice the 
           many family photographs that clutter the desk. Snapshots of 
           the life he’s been deprived of.

           The door opens. DR. NETHERCUTT, fifties, as cold and clinical 
           as his profession demands, enters with a file in hand, taking 
           a seat behind his desk.

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        You understand this is a deviation 
                        from protocol Mr. Eberle. Normally, 
                        those on staff here with experience 
                        in grief counseling are tasked with 
                        cause of death disclosures. I’m not 
                        the one who usually speaks with the 
                        next of kin.

                                 ROGER
                        All due respect Dr. Nethercutt,    
                        I don’t care how unseemly your 
                        bedside manner is. I just want    
                        to know how my wife died. 

           Dr. Nethercutt nods, consults the file with reading glasses.

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        The victim suffered an acute 
                        cerebral infarction. A severe 
                        stroke in other words.

                                 ROGER
                        But that’s not how she died?
                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        An internal examination revealed 
                        the presence of large quantities  
                        of water in her lungs. Your wife 
                        drowned Mr. Eberle.

           Roger pauses a moment before asking --

                                 ROGER
                        Was she conscious? Aware?

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        I’m afraid it’s difficult to 
                        determine her mental acuity       
                        at the time of her death.

           Roger’s eyes meet Dr. Nethercutt’s, almost accusatory.

                                 ROGER
                        She was healthy. She had no family 
                        history of stroke. What happened?

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        In my experience Mr. Eberle, it’s 
                        not the murders or drug overdoses 
                        that prove to be the most difficult 
                        for the bereaved to come to terms 
                        with. It’s the freak accidents. The 
                        people who drown in their bathtubs 
                        or choke to death on their porter-
                        houses. Death and closure are not 
                        always a package deal.

           INT. ARRANGEMENT ROOM - FUNERAL HOME - DAY

           The service has ended but Roger has yet to leave, holding 
           vigil in solitude at the front of the expansive room.

           A FUNERAL DIRECTOR stands in the back, glancing at his watch. 
           He approaches Roger, trying to disguise his impatience behind 
           a compassionate smile.

                                 FUNERAL DIRECTOR
                        I hope we were able to honor your 
                        wife’s wishes today Mr. Eberle. 

           Roger stares ahead, eyes vacant. Without turning around --

                                 ROGER
                        Looking to pack it up soon?

           Caught, Funeral Director sheepishly settles into a chair 
           behind Roger. Trying to be consoling --
                                 FUNERAL DIRECTOR
                        My mother-in-law died of a stroke 
                        too. She was staying with my wife 
                        and I at the time. I was bringing 
                        her a bowl of puffed rice when I 
                        found her. She was so still. They 
                        call it a decorticate response. The 
                        body turns rigid. Like a mannequin. 
                        But I thought she was just asleep.
                             (beat)
                        My point is Mr. Eberle, when you 
                        get to be a funeral director for   
                        as long as I have, you learn to 
                        appreciate a peaceful passing.

           The dim, nearly snuffed light in Roger’s eyes begins to 
           flicker. He shoots up, rushes over to his wife’s casket.    
           Roger flips open the casket’s lower door, hands tracing    
           his wife’s legs, feeling around for something.

           Watching Roger with a perplexed look --

                                 FUNERAL DIRECTOR (CONT’D)
                        We’ve inventoried all the personal 
                        items your wife is to be committed 
                        with. If you wish to see a list --

                                 ROGER
                        She wasn’t stiff when I found her.

           Roger performs a tactile inspection on his wife’s arms.

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        She was a goddamn rag-doll. 

           Roger’s hands reconnoiter around Jocelyn’s neck -- pausing  
           at the nape. Roger tilts the head forward, finding a patch   
           of skin that creases unnaturally beneath his touch. 

           Roger feels around, finds a flap. The skin comes off like a 
           chemical peel, revealing it to be synthetic tissue, grafted 
           to Jocelyn’s scruff to conceal --

           -- a small but distinguishable injection puncture mark. 

           INT. MEDICAL EXAMINER’S OFFICE - NIGHT

           Quitting time. Dr. Nethercutt locks his office door behind 
           him, turns --

           -- finds himself face-to-face with Roger. Momentarily taken 
           aback, Dr. Nethercutt quickly hardens. 
                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        Mr. Eberle, any matters concerning 
                        your wife’s --

                                 ROGER
                             (cutting him off)
                        She’s in the car.

           Brow creasing, unsure whether he heard that last part right --

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        Come again?

           INT. WAITING ROOM - MEDICAL EXAMINER’S OFFICE - NIGHT

           Roger is seated, rigid and impatient. He bolts up when Dr. 
           Nethercutt enters in his green scrubs and surgical gloves, 
           appearing humbled by his recent findings.

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        You know Mr. Eberle, I once had a 
                        woman in my office whose husband  
                        died in a car accident. Since most 
                        of what we were able to recover of 
                        him was fused to the engine block  
                        of his Lamborghini, I suggested,    
                        as delicately as one can, that she 
                        cremate his remains. She nodded, 
                        politely requested the name of 
                        another physician to seek out a 
                        second opinion from... then asked  
                        if she could speak with her husband. 
                             (beat)
                        When I saw you tonight, I thought 
                        grief had completely divorced you 
                        from reality. However, there does 
                        appear to be an injection site in 
                        your wife’s posterior neck tissue, 
                        with puncture tracking suggesting 
                        something was administered directly  
                        into her brainstem. Perhaps using  
                        an interosseous injection gun.

           Processing this --

                                 ROGER
                        What was she injected with?

                                 DR. NETHERCUTT
                        A compound whose pharmacological 
                        properties I’m unable to readily 
                        identify. But I can run a trace 
                        analysis. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 DR. NETHERCUTT (CONT'D)
                        It will take some time though. 
                             (beat)
                        I would suggest you go home and 
                        wait for my phone call... but I  
                        can see already you won’t abide 
                        that. So I’ll call my wife, tell 
                        her to leave my pot-roast in the 
                        oven. Meanwhile, I’ll need you to 
                        pick me up a double-large coffee.  
                        This machine needs greasing.

           INT. GAS STATION MINI-MART - NIGHT

           Roger brings two coffees up to the front counter. The dead-
           eyed CLERK manning the register rings it up.

                                 CLERK
                        Three-fifty.

           Roger opens his wallet, reaching for bills --

           -- and stops when he sees the photo tucked inside the clear 
           plastic insert. It’s of his wife Jocelyn lying in a hammock, 
           an effervescent smile pinching at her ears.

           The photo hypnotizes Roger, lost in a retrospective stupor.

           Growing increasingly impatient --

                                 CLERK (CONT’D)
                        It’s still three-fifty sir.

           Breaking Roger from his catatonia. He hands over the bills, 
           collects his change --

           -- and turns at the sound of encroaching sirens, watching 
           through the windows as one fire-truck passes -- 

           -- ominously followed by a second and third truck.

           At these signs of portent, Roger rushes out of the mini-mart, 
           leaving both coffees on the counter.

           EXT. MEDICAL EXAMINER’S OFFICE - NIGHT

           Roger pulls up, exiting his car to find --

           -- the medical examiner’s office ablaze, FIREMEN trying to 
           douse the flames with high-pressure hoses to little effect.   

           Horrified, Roger approaches the burning building. 
           The firemen don’t even notice Roger until he’s nearly inside 
           the burning office. They chase after him, dragging him back, 
           the abandoned hose left writhing like a decapitated snake.

           A block away, a nondescript car idles. Inside --

           -- THE ARSONIST watches, unseen save for his blistered hands 
           gripping the steering wheel, acid washes having stripped off 
           the epidermis, leaving both his palms and fingertips without 
           any identifiable friction ridges. 

           The Arsonist keys the ignition and drives off as --

           -- the firemen continue to grapple with Roger, overpowering 
           him to the ground -- 

           -- Roger smacks his head against a retracted sprinkler-head. 
           His world goes black. 

           LATER

           Cordoned off with yellow tape, predawn light reveals the flame 
           -blackened husk of the medical examiner’s office. Firemen sift 
           through the smoking rubble for evidence. Parked out front --

           INT. AMBULANCE - DAY

           Roger comes to, uprights from a stretcher, the back of his 
           head dressed with a scalp bandage.

           Roger sees a PARAMEDIC presiding over him along with POLLACK, 
           a plainclothes detective. Paramedic speaks up first.

                                 PARAMEDIC
                        Easy there Mr. Eberle. You took a 
                        serious blow to the head. Now see 
                        if you can follow my penlight.    

           Paramedic begins waving a penlight in front of Roger’s eyes, 
           but Roger makes no attempt to track the penlight, locking in 
           on Paramedic’s eyes.

                                 ROGER
                        Where is she?

           Paramedic tucks away the penlight, deferring to Pollack.

                                 POLLACK
                        We believe we’ve found your wife’s 
                        remains Mr. Eberle. 

                                 ROGER
                        You believe?
           With considerable tact --

                                 POLLACK
                        I’m afraid the fire didn’t leave  
                        much... intact.

                                 ROGER
                        And Dr. Nethercutt?

                                 POLLACK
                        There is a second body. We’re 
                        fairly certain it’s his. 

                                 ROGER
                        What caused this?

                                 POLLACK
                        We’re still looking into that. But  
                        preliminary findings indicate this 
                        to be an electrical fire. Maybe an 
                        overloaded circuit. Faulty wiring. 
                        Something to that effect. 

           The full implications of what may be happening starting to 
           dawn on him --

                                 ROGER
                             (premonitory)
                        I’m sure your people will turn up 
                        something.

           Pollack appears thrown by Roger’s cryptic response. He 
           produces a padded envelope, extends it to Roger.

                                 POLLACK
                        Most of your wife’s personal effects 
                        were unsalvageable. But we were able 
                        to recover her wedding ring. 

           Keeping his emotions at bay, Roger accepts the envelope as  
           if it were a folded flag. 

                                 POLLACK (CONT’D)
                        If we need anything else, we’ll 
                        call you Mr. Eberle. And make sure 
                        you get yourself looked after. You 
                        sustained some serious head trauma. 

           Pollack begins to walk away --

                                 ROGER
                        Detective? 
           Pollack turns back. Roger’s eyes meet the detective’s, 
           conflicted, debating whether or not he should disclose     
           his suspicions to Pollack. 

                                 POLLACK
                        Yes?

           A hanging beat.

                                 ROGER
                        Someone should call the doctor’s 
                        wife.

           Pollack nods in simpatico and continues on his way. Paramedic 
           moves in to help Roger lie back down on the stretcher. 

                                 PARAMEDIC
                        I apologize Mr. Eberle, but it’s  
                        absolutely vital we get you to a 
                        hospital right away for a MRI. So  
                        if you could just lie back down --

           Roger pushes Paramedic off him. Paramedic tumbles to the 
           floor, knocking over medical supplies. 

           Roger exits the ambulance, Paramedic pleading after him. 

                                 PARAMEDIC (CONT’D)
                        At least let me give you an 
                        antiinflammatory Mr. Eberle. 

           EXT. EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger pulls up alongside his wife’s BMW in the driveway.

           INT. ROGER’S CAR - DAY

           Roger sits behind the wheel, ruminative, glances over at   
           the envelope in the passenger seat, the last vestiges of     
           Jocelyn. He reaches to open the envelope --

           -- but stops himself, finger to a hot stove, too much to bear, 
           the specter of his wife hanging over the envelope’s contents. 

           An idea emerges. Roger sets his car in reverse and backs out 
           of the driveway, seething with purpose.

           INT. SIDNEY JUERGEN’S OFFICE - PILGRIM CROSSING - DAY

           Sidney sits behind his desk fiddling with a fountain pen as 
           he addresses Roger seated opposite.
                                 SIDNEY
                        I won’t even entertain what you’re 
                        suggesting. 

                                 ROGER
                        I’m not suggesting, I’m asking.    
                        I just need five uninterrupted 
                        minutes with this guy Sidney.

                                 SIDNEY
                        Good god Roger, do you even hear 
                        yourself? You’re asking to speak 
                        with a highly disturbed patient. 
                        There haven’t been many qualified 
                        physicians I’ve let near Boeddeker 
                        over the years. Let alone a man 
                        harboring a personal vendetta.

                                 ROGER
                        There’s no vendetta Sidney. This 
                        man didn’t kill my wife.

           Shifting uncomfortably in his seat --

                                 SIDNEY
                        You don’t honestly think Jocelyn’s 
                        death was the result of foul play?

           Skirting the question --

                                 ROGER
                        He was one of the last people to 
                        speak with my wife. And truth be 
                        told Sidney, Joce and I weren’t  
                        ... communicating all that much  
                        the past few months.
                             (beat)
                        I just want closure.   

           Sidney softens, seeing how grief-stricken Roger is.

           INT. ANTECHAMBER - PILGRIM CROSSING - DAY

           Sidney affixes fabricated credentials to the lapel of Roger’s 
           jacket.

                                 SIDNEY
                        You’re on sabbatical conducting 
                        research for your new book. You 
                        don’t speak to the patients. You 
                        don’t make direct eye-contact with 
                        the patients. Do you understand?
                             (off Roger’s nod)
                                 (MORE)
                                 SIDNEY (CONT'D)
                        Good. Because you know what happens 
                        if the board finds out I brought a 
                        civilian beyond this point?

                                 ROGER
                        You take a job as a high-school 
                        guidance counselor?

                                 SIDNEY
                        More like a high-school janitor.

           Sidney removes a card, swipes it through a reader. Punching  
           in a code on the alphanumeric keypad, the door unlocks with  
           a pneumatic hiss. Sidney pushes it open, leading Roger into --

           INT. HIGH-SECURITY WING - PILGRIM CROSSING - DAY

           A small enclosure, like a subway booth, adjacent to the door 
           houses TWO ORDERLIES. Two metal carrier trays spit out like 
           deposit boxes. Orderly One speaks to them through the glass.

                                 ORDERLY ONE
                        Please place all personal effects 
                        and metal objects in the tray.

           Roger and Sidney comply, emptying their pockets, removing 
           their belts. The trays retract as Orderly Two comes around 
           with a metal detector wand. 

           Orderly Two scans Sidney first, no indication of metal on  
           his person. Then he moves to Roger, scanning him --

           -- the wand SQUAWKS at the top of Roger’s neck. Orderly Two 
           looks up at Roger, now noticing the scars on Roger’s still- 
           bandaged head like seams of caulking glue.

           Improvising... poorly --

                                 ROGER
                        Bad biking accident.

           Met with a dubious glare from Orderly Two.

                                 ORDERLY TWO
                        Keep outside of the red line.

           Orderly Two nods down to the red line running the length of 
           the corridor like the safety marker on a train platform.

           Sidney begins leading Roger down the corridor. To their 
           right, inside the red line, are plexiglass cubes inside 
           large, recessed alcoves -- occupied by PATIENTS. 
           The FIRST PATIENT they pass, an obese man with asymmetrical 
           eyes that orbit involuntarily, sits on his bed, nodding and 
           chuckling to himself. 

           The SECOND PATIENT they pass, shirtless and stringy-haired, 
           genuflects in the corner of his cell, reciting a prayer in 
           some unknown tongue.  

           Sidney stops them at the third cell. Edmund Boeddeker lies  
           on his bed with his back to them. Like a shark, we get the 
           impression Boeddeker never truly sleeps. Only rests.

           Sidney turns to Roger.

                                 SIDNEY
                        I can’t guarantee he’ll even want 
                        to talk to you. 

           Sidney activates the intercom mounted into the annealed 
           glass. It amplifies the acoustics inside Edmund’s cell. 

           Leaning into the intercom --

                                 SIDNEY (CONT’D)
                        Edmund, you have a visitor.

           Edmund offers nothing, a wax figure in a diorama. Sidney 
           turns back to Roger.

                                 SIDNEY (CONT’D)
                        You have five minutes.

           Sidney walks away, leaving Roger alone with Edmund. Roger 
           steps forward, speaking into the intercom.

                                 ROGER
                        Edmund, my name is Roger Eberle. I 
                        was hoping to speak with you.

           Edmund shifts, uprights from bed, revealing a convex of 
           plaster where his right hand used to be.  

           Edmund stalks forward, sizing Roger up. He offers Roger an 
           ingratiating smile, his voice crackling from the intercom.

                                 EDMUND
                        And how is your wife Mr. Eberle?  

           The presence and sheer proximity of Edmund would enfeeble 
           most men. But not Roger, who meets Edmund’s incisive gaze.

                                 ROGER
                        She’s dead.
           Edmund doesn’t appear surprised by this news. 

                                 EDMUND
                        You have my sincerest condolences. 
                        Now what do you want from me?

                                 ROGER
                        I want to know why you attacked 
                        her? Why you tried to kill her?

           A charged beat.

                                 EDMUND
                        Are you familiar with my work Mr. 
                        Eberle? Your wife would have made  
                        a lovely addition to my portfolio. 
                        What I could have done with such a 
                        canvas. Alas, your wife’s survival 
                        instinct, her situational awareness 
                        was, shall we say, acute.

           Processing this --

                                 ROGER
                        They came to you, didn’t they? 
                        Whoever it was, they wanted her 
                        dead and they contracted you? 

                                 EDMUND
                             (remaining cordial)
                        Don’t paint me in that light Mr. 
                        Eberle. I’m not some “button-man.”

                                 ROGER
                        Yeah. You’re something they don’t 
                        have a name for. You’re a fucking --

           Edmund SMASHES his truncated arm into the glass, Roger 
           reflexively ducking back. 

           Edmund proceeds to drive his arm into the glass, the plaster 
           encasing his stump fissuring, until red blooms from the nub-
           end. Using his cast like a paintbrush, Edmund circumscribes 
           Roger’s face inside a crimson circle on the glass.

           Gazing at Roger from the other side of the dripping circle --

                                 EDMUND
                        I’m an artist.

           Sidney comes up next to Roger.

                                 SIDNEY
                        Alright, let’s go Roger.
           Roger doesn’t respond, caught in the magnetism of Edmund’s 
           maniacal eyes.

           Yanking at Roger’s arm --

                                 SIDNEY (CONT’D)
                        I said that’s it Roger.

           Roger snaps around on Sidney, pure defense mechanism. 
           Sidney’s breath catches.

           Roger’s eyes then drift over Sidney’s shoulders --

           -- fixing on the high-angled surveillance dome.

           INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOM - PILGRIM CROSSING - DAY

           Banks of closely watched monitors encompass an entire wall, 
           leaving no blind-spot in the entire facility.

           Roger and Sidney watch as a SECURITY TECH pulls an orange, 
           waterproof case from an inventoried rack of similar cases. 

                                 SECURITY TECH
                        We archive all surveillance footage 
                        onto hard-drive. They’re backlogged 
                        by month.

           Security Tech pulls a hard-drive from the foam-lined case and 
           inserts it into a toaster drive-dock hooked up to a computer. 

           Security Tech calls up a window on the monitor with the hard-
           drive’s contents. Folders marked by date appear.

                                 ROGER
                        Go to the night before my wife’s 
                        attack. Boeddeker’s cell.

           Sidney points Security Tech to the appropriate folder. 
           Security Tech clicks into it, revealing a directory of     
           sub-folders marked by placement and location.

                                 SIDNEY
                        High-security wing. Anything close 
                        to Cell 3B.

           Security Tech clicks into the folder --

           -- and static begins to play out on the monitor.

                                 SECURITY TECH
                        That’s weird.
                                 SIDNEY
                        Try another camera.

           Security Tech clicks into another folder with footage in 
           similar proximity --

           -- more of the same visual interference. Security Tech begins 
           cycling through all the footage from that day --

           -- all snow. Security Tech turns to Roger and Sidney.

                                 SECURITY TECH
                        Looks like all our cameras were out 
                        that day. 

           Met with a quizzical look from Sidney. But Roger registers 
           this with grave expectancy, his suspicions confirmed.

           INT. BEDROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger barrels in, hefting a cardboard box containing Jocelyn’s 
           office effects onto the bed. Rummaging through it all, rooting 
           through files and legal pads. 

           INT. CLOSET - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger reconnoitering, fishing through shoeboxes and combing   
           the shelving unit.

           INT. LIVING ROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger in front of the home computer, clicking into Jocelyn’s 
           folders, scouting her browsing activity and hacking into her 
           email using spousal infidelity software --

           -- and turning up nil at every turn.

           LATER

           Roger, haggard from exhaustion, sits at the computer in a 
           resigned slouch, head cradled in his hands.

           On the monitor of the inactive computer --

           -- a screen-saver slide-show begins. Lifting his head, Roger 
           watches snapshots of his former life materialize and dissolve 
           on screen --

           -- Roger leaving a rehabilitation clinic, Jocelyn holding his 
           crutches, watching with tearful pride as Roger negotiates the 
           steps unassisted -- 
           -- Roger and Jocelyn bundled up together on a ski-lift -- 

           -- Jocelyn holding Plato up to the camera.

           Roger watches the flash of images with red-rimmed eyes. And 
           just when it looks like tears might be forming --     

           -- something takes possession of Roger. He bolts up, clicking 
           into desktop preferences, then screen-saver options, cycling 
           through the slide-show’s stored photos -- 

           -- stopping at the picture of Jocelyn with Plato nestled in 
           her arms, Roger’s eyes narrowing on Plato’s collar. 

           Roger turns in the chair, finds Plato pawing at the seemingly  
           uncomfortable collar -- 

           -- different from the one in the photo.

           Roger hauls Plato into his lap, gingerly removing the collar. 
           Upon closer inspection, he finds something lodged inside the 
           collar’s lining. Slipping two fingers into an open seam --

           -- Roger uncovers a flash drive. His eyes saucer at the find. 
           Extending the flash drive’s A-plug, Roger moves to insert it 
           into the computer --

           -- but stops, wary of using the home computer.

           INT. COMPUTER LAB - PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY

           A spacious room filled with rows of partition-separated 
           computer terminals. Occupying one workstation --

           -- Roger plugs the thumb drive into the computer’s USB port. 
           The docked drive begins to blink, the drive’s icon appearing 
           on the screen. Roger clicks into it --

           -- revealing audio files enumerated by date, the latest one 
           dated from three months ago. Roger fastens his pair of head    
           -phones on and clicks into the earliest audio file. 

           All sound filters out, Roger listening closely. A door is 
           heard opening. Squeaking wheels scuffing against linoleum. 
           The metallic coupling of some unknown mechanism. 

           Then a voice punctuates the symphony of ambient noises.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        If we could Darryl, I would like  
                        to pick up where we left off last 
                        session. If you remember, we were 
                        discussing the “floating man.” 
           Roger quickly jots down “Darryl” on a pad, appending it with 
           a question mark.

           Darryl speaks with the clipped inflection of a soldier, 
           traces of delirium in his disembodied voice.

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                        I haven’t forgotten.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        You said you could see him but not 
                        his face. Why is that?

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                        There was this light behind him.  
                        So bright. I remember wanting to 
                        blink... but I couldn’t close my 
                        eyes. I had to watch him.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        Is there anything else you can 
                        remember? Anything at all?

           Darryl’s trembling voice breaks into a distinct melody,    
           HUMMING a haunting, gooseflesh-inducing rendition of “The   
           Ants Go Marching” before deteriorating into a lamenting sob. 

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        You’re safe here Darryl. You can 
                        tell me. Did he hurt you?

           Voice hardening with a stark tonal shift --

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                        He saved me. 

           LATER

           Roger’s pad is filled with dictation. Question marks abut the 
           scrawl, some of which have been crossed out --

           -- including the question mark next to Darryl’s name. 

           On the monitor, a news article profiling DARRYL LEE UNGER 
           fills the browser page. Glimpsed excerpts contextualize --

           -- “... man responsible for the courthouse shooting that left 
           sixteen dead, including Senator Bob Devereux.”

           -- “... Unger to undergo a psychiatric evaluation to determine 
           whether or not he is mentally fit to stand trial.”

           -- “... dishonorably discharged for reasons undisclosed.”
           At the top, a booking photo of Darryl Lee Unger, shorn head, 
           deeply recessed eyes. But Darryl doesn’t look menacing  --

           -- rather, he looks lost. 

           Roger, headphones around his neck, clicks on another article. 

           A photo of an overturned bus at the bottom of a ravine along 
           with the headline, “Prison Transport Bus Crashes: Courthouse 
           Shooter Darryl Lee Unger Pronounced Dead On The Scene.”

           LATER

           Roger listens to the last of the audio entries, dated less 
           than a week before Darryl Lee Unger’s death.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        You were a good soldier, weren’t 
                        you Darryl?

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                             (clarifying)
                        I am a good soldier. 

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        Then why were you dishonorably 
                        discharged?

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                        It wasn’t dishonorable. It was 
                        “other than honorable.”

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                        They revoked your medical benefits. 
                        And barred you from reenlisting in 
                        any branch of the armed services.
                        Would you agree, this is not how 
                        you treat a good soldier Darryl?

           Roger can hear Darryl’s elevated breathing. It’s clear 
           Jocelyn has struck a nerve.

           Disregarding all protocol and professionalism --

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        Do you remember speaking to anyone 
                        on the phone prior to the shooting? 
                        Or seeing anything on TV?

           Roger listens as Darryl struggles to control his breathing.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        How did they activate you Darryl? 
                        What was your triggering sequence?
           Roger can hear Darryl’s wheelchair shaking, his breathing 
           accelerating with each question.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        The “floating man,” was he the one 
                        who ran The Disciple Program?

           Then Roger hears Darryl go deathly quiet. Speaking with an 
           eerie self-possession --

                                 DARRYL’S VOICE
                        I’ve said all I wish to say on this 
                        matter Dr. Eberle.

           The recording cuts out. Roger looks down at his pad, writes 
           down “The Disciple Program” with a question mark. 

           Roger calls up a new browsing window, enters “The Disciple 
           Program” into the search box. The load bar begins filling -- 

           -- the load screen artifacts and distorts into a blowup of 
           overlapping status windows. An error message pops up.

           Hearing a groan to his right, Roger peeks his head around   
           the partition, finds a DISGRUNTLED STUDENT staring at the 
           same error message on his computer’s monitor.

           A chorus of complaints reaches a crescendo. Roger stands up -- 

           -- sees that every computer is frozen, all displaying the 
           same error message. 

           A LIBRARIAN moves to the middle of the room, trying to calm 
           the natives --

                                 LIBRARIAN
                        I’m sorry folks, it appears we’re 
                        experiencing a system failure.

           Roger snatches up his flash drive, hurries for the door --

           -- warily cognizant of the surveillance cameras perched in 
           the upper corners of the computer lab.

           INT. MAIN FOYER - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Roger hurries in, punching in the code on the alarm panel, 
           disarming it. About to rearm it --

           -- Roger hears the phone ringing. He picks up the cordless 
           from its charging cradle, answers.
                                 ROGER
                        Hello?

           Met with the low drone of an empty line. 

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        Hello?

           More static. Roger doesn’t even hear anyone breathing on the 
           other end. But he senses someone’s listening. 

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        I’ll be here. All night.

           Roger hangs up, marches upstairs.

           INT. SECOND-FLOOR HALLWAY - EBERLE RESIDENCE - DAY

           Using a slate bar and power drill, Roger loosens the floor     
           -boards just outside his bedroom door. He tosses his tools 
           aside and steps forward, testing his handiwork --  

           -- the wood CREAKS. More discreet than string of tin cans  
           and just as effective.

           INT. HIGH-SECURITY WING - PILGRIM CROSSING - NIGHT

           Close on a surveillance dome hanging from the ceiling like   
           a globule of sweat. Its red recording light blinks off.  

           Edmund stirs awake in his cell, alerted by animal instinct. 
           He sits up in bed, fixes on the shadows outside the glass. 

                                 EDMUND
                        It’s after visiting hours. 

           No response or indication Edmund’s speaking to anyone besides 
           the voices in his head.

                                 EDMUND (CONT’D)
                        Van Gogh was not recognized as      
                        a great artist until after his 
                        death. One day, the historians   
                        will revisit my work --

           Cut short when a hypodermic dart plants in Edmund’s stomach.  
           He regards the dart protruding from his belly with a darkly 
           amused expression before slumping forward -- dead. 

           Stray moonlight catches a line of high-tensile wire running 
           from the end of the dart like arachnid silk. The wire turns 
           taut, pulling the dart from Edmund like a hooked trout.
           The dart’s reeled in through the cell’s opened food slot, 
           berthing in the barrel of a mid-range projector rifle. The 
           hands holding the rifle captured in a shaft of light reveal --  

           -- soft skin and manicured nails.

           INT. BEDROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Roger sits at the foot of his bed, eyes fixed on his closed 
           bedroom door, watching with the unblinking focus you’d find 
           under a bearskin hat. 

           Held at his side, concealed beneath a pillow --

           -- a Beretta, safety off, finger caressing the trigger.

           EXT. BACKYARD - EBERLE RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Close on the central air conditioning unit. The side panel 
           has been pried opened. Hosing running from a portable tank 
           feeds directly into the air conditioning unit’s compressor, 
           ventilating the house with some unknown, aerosolized agent.

           Entering frame --

           --the hand of The Arsonist, fingers braided with raw sinew, 
           reaching down and tightening the valve on the portable tank, 
           stemming the influx of gas. 

           INT. BEDROOM - EBERLE RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           The floorboards outside the door CROAK. The knob turns, door 
           opening to reveal -- 

           -- The Arsonist, face hidden behind a gas mask with tinted 
           lenses. He takes a few cautious steps inside --

           -- finds Roger splayed unconscious across the bed. The 
           Arsonist looks above the bed, sees the air-duct. 

           The Arsonist moves for Roger, flipping him over onto his 
           belly. The Arsonist brandishes an injection gun, angling     
           it against the nape of Roger’s neck --

           -- the retractable needle shooting out with a HISS.
           EXT. DESERT PROMONTORY - NIGHT

           A clear, bejewelled sky casts the rugged terrain below      
           in milky starlight. The ridge offers a view of Pilgrim 
           Crossing in the distance.  

           Parked about fifty yards before the escarpment’s sheer 
           seventy foot drop --

           INT. BMW - NIGHT

           -- Jocelyn’s BMW. The Arsonist positions an unconscious Roger 
           in the driver’s seat. Unmasked, The Arsonist has the hardened 
           countenance of ex-military. Leaning down to snap Roger’s seat-
           belt, The Arsonist uprights -- 

           -- finds Roger’s eyes open and alert, fixed on him. The 
           Arsonist recoils, his back slamming against the steering 
           wheel, the honked horn reverberating across the moonscape. 

           From outside the car --

                                 WOMAN (O.S.)
                        Fuck are you doing in there?

           Unnerved by the wide-eyed yet strangely inanimate Roger --

                                 THE ARSONIST
                        He’s looking right at me.

           Approaching footfalls are heard. Leaning down outside the 
           opened driver’s side door --

           -- Nurse Kathy, wearing all black, hair twisted back in an 
           economical ponytail, the facade of kindness gone.

           Roger’s eyes slowly orbit in their sockets, finding Nurse 
           Kathy. She doesn’t appear concerned.

                                 NURSE KATHY
                        He can hear us too. You dosed him 
                        with a very potent neuromuscular-
                        blocker. But without anaesthetic 
                        properties. He’ll feel everything.
                             (beat)
                        Let’s fix him a scotch.

           The following is done with swift, methodical dispatch.        
           A tandem maneuver that derives its precision not from 
           rehearsal but from repeat performance.
           The Arsonist removes catheter tubing. Using a surgical mouth-
           prop, he begins feeding the siphon down Roger’s throat. Roger 
           jerks and twitches.

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        Make sure you’re in the stomach.  
                        It won’t have the desired effect  
                        if the toxicologist finds a pint  
                        of booze in his lungs.

           Intubation complete, The Arsonist hands Nurse Kathy the end of 
           the tubing. She removes a can of gas duster, slips the nozzle 
           into the tubing. The Arsonist puts his ear to Roger’s stomach.

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        Ready?

           The Arsonist nods. Nurse Kathy sprays. The Arsonist hears the 
           faint burst of canned-air from within Roger’s stomach lining.

                                 THE ARSONIST
                        We’re in there.

           Nurse Kathy fixes a funnel to the top of the tubing, raising 
           her arm to straighten the tubing. She then pulls an eighteen-
           year Glenlivet from a duffel, breaks the seal, uncorking it.

                                 NURSE KATHY
                        He was saving this for a special 
                        occasion.

           Tilting the bottle of scotch into the funnel, Nurse Kathy 
           guides the inflow of amber liquor down the tubing in what  
           can best be described as reverse stomach-pumping.

           Roger lets out a guttural choke as the scotch deposits 
           directly into his stomach.

           After depleting nearly a third of the bottle --

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        That should do.

           Nurse Kathy detaches the funnel as The Arsonist begins 
           withdrawing the tubing from Roger’s body cavity like a 
           magician’s endless string of handkerchiefs. 

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        Apply the cosmetics.

           The Arsonist tucks the coiled tubing inside his jacket,  
           exits the vehicle, shuffling into the backseat. 
           Nurse Kathy leans in, spilling scotch onto Roger and the 
           dashboard, tossing the bottle into the footwell. 

           In the backseat, The Arsonist removes a small makeup kit 
           containing a patch of adhesive, artificial skin --

           -- the same cosmetic concealment Roger found on Jocelyn’s 
           neck. Reaching to remove the driver’s seat headrest --

           -- The Arsonist pauses, inspecting the injection site in 
           Roger’s neck closer through the headrest’s hollow contour.

           Up front, Nurse Kathy notices Roger’s fastened seatbelt. 

                                 NURSE KATHY (CONT’D)
                        Goddammnit, would a a man about to 
                        drive off a cliff really buckle up?

           Nurse Kathy leans down, reaching to release the buckle.

           Still curious, The Arsonist expands the injection mark in 
           Roger’s neck with his fingers --

           -- revealing an impenetrable steel plate under the skin like 
           a silver sequin. The Arsonist reaches into his jacket, pulls 
           out the injection gun, triggering it --

           -- finding the needle bent at a perpendicular angle.

                                 THE ARSONIST
                        He isn’t dosed.

           Leaned in close, Kathy turns, faces Roger, finds his eyes 
           ablaze. A pregnant beat --

           -- Nurse Kathy reaches for her handgun. Roger catches her 
           wrist with one hand, cranks his seat’s reclining mechanism 
           with the other. 

           The driver’s seat drops back sharply, pinning The Arsonist, 
           the headrest fracturing his nose.

           Roger and Nurse Kathy grapple for the gun as The Arsonist 
           struggles to free himself behind them, his nose askew and 
           bleeding profusely.

           Roger and Nurse Kathy’s interlocked arms wave the gun in The 
           Arsonist’s direction, fingers entwining around the trigger --

           -- BANG, an errant bullet catches The Arsonist in the head, 
           glazing the back windshield with a varnish of brain matter.

           Nurse Kathy fights with feral intensity, biting, gradually 
           aligning the handgun with Roger’s temple.
           Fueled by desperation, Roger reaches blindly for the gear-
           stick with his free hand. Finding it, Roger shifts the car  
           into drive. His foot goes to step on the gas --

           -- but the bottle of scotch is lodged behind the pedal, 
           preventing it from depressing.  

           From the dominant position, Nurse Kathy uses her full weight 
           to inch the gun in Roger’s direction --

           -- Roger raises his foot, stomping hard, flattening the gas 
           pedal and shattering the bottle of scotch underneath.

           The BMW peels forward, accelerating, narrowing the gulf on 
           the ridge’s precipice. 

           Still wresting for leverage of the handgun, Nurse Kathy 
           steals a look out the windshield behind her --

           -- turns ashen upon seeing the ridge’s terminus racing to 
           meet them. Roger secures his seatbelt, braces himself as --

           -- the BMW plunges. Buoyed by the seatbelt, Roger watches as 
           everything inside the car is gravitationally pulled flush to 
           the roof like aluminum cans caught by a magnetic crane--

           -- including Nurse Kathy.

           EXT. LOW-LYING DESERT PLAIN - NIGHT

           Crashing in an upheaval of dust, the impact compresses the 
           vehicle’s front end like an accordion’s bellows, concaving 
           the roof. The BMW settles into a smoking, overturned heap.

           INT. BMW - NIGHT

           Steam hisses out through the vents. The ruptured engine block 
           leaking highly combustible motor oil, collecting in a puddle. 

           Bloody and mildly concussed, Roger finds his world inverted. 
           The airbag that cushioned his head deflates --

           -- revealing the irreparably bent and broken remnants of 
           Nurse Kathy, limbs twisted into impossible contortions. 

           Roger unfastens his seatbelt, falls onto the roof. Nurse 
           Kathy watches him, unable to move.

           Regarding Nurse Kathy with undisguised contempt --
                                 ROGER
                        It was you, wasn’t it? You were the 
                        one who took her from me.

           Unresponsive, Nurse Kathy coughs up a gout of blood. 

           Speaking from a dark, infernal place --

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        She drowned in three foot water. 

           Roger reaches a hand up to the dashboard, unfastening the GPS 
           unit from its mount, pocketing it --

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        To die like that, I can think of 
                        only one thing worse.

           -- and depressing the car’s electric cigarette lighter.

           Roger crawls out of the BMW’s driver’s side entrance. Nurse 
           Kathy fixes on the cigarette lighter, dread in her eyes. 

           The lighter POPS out of its socket --

           -- Nurse Kathy tracking its descent, watching as its neon 
           coil touches down on the flammable surface of the roof.

           EXT. LOW-LYING DESERT PLAIN - NIGHT

           Silhouetted by the funeral pyre, Roger watches the flames 
           gradually engulf the BMW, shadows dancing across his face.

           Roger then sticks two fingers down his throat, kneeling 
           forward to purge the single-malt intake from his system.

           EXT. FOGGY BOTTOM - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY

           On a bustling, exclusively commercial strip --

           INT. ELEVATOR - OFFICE COMPLEX - DAY

           Opened in the lobby, A SALESWOMAN, likely the most attractive 
           woman on her floor, waits. Just as the doors go to close --

           -- she reaches her arm through, belaying the doors for 
           AMBROSE, mid-forties, effortlessly suave, fastidiously 
           groomed. Ambrose flashes her a smile of blinding enamel.

                                 AMBROSE
                        You’re an angel.
           Ambrose enters, hits the button for the top floor. The doors 
           close and the elevator begins its ascent.

                                 SALESWOMAN
                        The mysterious eighth floor. I feel 
                        like I hardly ever see anyone going 
                        up there.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Vacation season. Some days it feels 
                        like I’m the only one in the office.

                                 SALESWOMAN
                        I know that feeling. So what do you 
                        do up there on the eighth floor?

                                 AMBROSE
                        I work for The Cypress Group. We’re 
                        a consulting firm. 

                                 SALESWOMAN
                        A consulting firm?

                                 AMBROSE
                        Clients present us with problems. 
                        We provide solutions.

           The doors open to her floor. Stepping out --

                                 SALESWOMAN
                        Well personally, I don’t believe 
                        that you work for them.

           Genuinely intrigued --

                                 AMBROSE
                        Is that so?

           Saleswoman turns, flashing Ambrose a coquettish smile.

                                 SALESWOMAN
                        You don’t strike me as someone who 
                        has a boss.

           As the doors close on her --

           INT. RECEPTION AREA - THE CYPRESS GROUP - DAY

           The elevator opens to a well-furnished reception area. Post-
           modern chairs. Accent-lit paintings. A wall of frosted glass 
           separates the reception area from the rest of the office. 
           Seated behind a desk also emblazoned with The Cypress Group’s 
           logo, an exceedingly comely RECEPTIONIST adorning a headset 
           tries concealing her gossip magazine at the sight of Ambrose.  

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        Good morning Mr. Ambrose.

           Ambrose approaches Receptionist, excretes charm.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Good morning Camille. So what’s   
                        the latest on Lindsey Lohan? Is   
                        she still in rehab?

           Receptionist giggles, caught. 

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        Probation. For now.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Any messages.

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        No.

           A flicker of surprise, nearly indiscernible, breaks across 
           Ambrose’s face.

                                 AMBROSE
                        You’re sure? I was expecting a call 
                        from Mrs. Blackwell this morning.  

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        I’m sorry Mr. Ambrose, but there 
                        hasn’t been any calls.

           Ambrose nods, collects his mail off Receptionist’s desk. He 
           moves to the office door, enters the darkened space inside, 
           closing the door quickly behind him.

           INT. THE CYPRESS GROUP - DAY

           Ambrose switches on the lights to reveal --

           -- a barren office space. Naked bulbs hang from the rafters. 
           Walls of fiberglass insulation. Incomplete rough-frames form 
           a labyrinth of wall studs. No indication this floor is under 
           construction --

           -- or ever was. 
           Ambrose discards his mail in a receptacle brimming with mail 
           and strides over to a glassed-off office, the only habitable 
           section, footsteps echoing in the gutted space.

           INT. AMRBOSE’S OFFICE - THE CYPRESS GROUP - DAY

           Ambrose enters his corner office, moves to a filing cabinet, 
           opens a drawer, hanging folders with tabs like “Mr. Redding” 
           and “Mr. Blanchard.” Finding the tab for “Mrs. Blackwell” --

           -- Ambrose pulls out a sealed plastic bag with a cellphone, 
           selects the only contact programmed into the phone. After a 
           few rings, the call cuts to an automated voicemail greeting.

           Ambrose’s expression darkens.

           INT. REPAIR SHOP - HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Cluttered with parts and tools. GIL, late-thirties, floral 
           print shirt, solders spliced wires to a circuit-board.

           Sensing another presence, Gil turns to find Roger in the  
           doorway, his face all bruises and bandaged cuts.

           Gil uprights, inferring from Roger’s appearance that his  
           coping process involves both bars and bar fights.

           Struggling to articulate --

                                 GIL
                        Roger... I was really sorry to  
                        hear about your wife... I mean 
                        fuck, I still am sorry to hear 
                        about your wife. So if you ever 
                        want to talk... or come by for  
                        some homemade chimichangas -- 

                                 ROGER
                             (cutting him off)
                        I appreciate that Gil. But I need 
                        your help with something.

           LATER

           Gil has a USB cable threaded from Jocelyn’s GPS module to   
           his computer. The entire transit history of Jocelyn’s BMW    
           fills the screen.

                                 GIL
                             (commiserating)
                        This brings me back to my first 
                        marriage.
           Roger leans forward, scrutinizes the column of destinations  
           and correlating dates, looking for any discrepancies in his 
           wife’s comings and goings.

           Fixing on one anomalous route --

                                 ROGER
                        She drove all the way up to British 
                        Columbia. She said she was going to 
                        a conference in Denver that weekend. 

           Misinterpreting this --

                                 GIL
                        You know what you do Roger? You   
                        go up there and follow this guy  
                        for a whole day. Then you wait   
                        for him in a parking lot --

                                 ROGER
                             (cutting him off)
                        I’m going to need one more favor 
                        from you Gil.

                                 GIL
                        You want me to come with you, help 
                        you mess this guy up?

           EXT. HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Gil watches Roger drive off, batting away dust -- with Plato 
           by the leash. 

           EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY

           Just another nondescript commercial building in an office 
           park. Grey, institutional, it goes nine stories high. But  
           six stories below --

           INT. CONFERENCE SUITE - FUSION CENTER - DAY

           Undisclosed to the public and created to offer a host site 
           for interagency intelligence-sharing. 

           Seated around the table are various AGENCY LIAISONS and 
           SENIOR ANALYSTS. PAMELA NESBITT, an androgenous haircut, 
           representing the State Department, has the floor.  
                                 PAMELA
                        ... temperature readings indicating 
                        Umar al-Huwaidi no longer considers 
                        Yemen his port of call, so to speak.  

           BEAU WITTEN, mid-thirties, CIA, his comparative youth in this 
           room a testament to the fact he’s impressed some people worth 
           impressing along the way --

           -- and torpedoed a few careers in the process as well.  

                                 BEAU
                        So cleric al-Huwaidi has fled his 
                        homeland? A place that has offered 
                        him refuge and safe haven for over 
                        eight years? And how did you glean 
                        this intelligence?

           Sensing the challenge --

                                 PAMELA
                        As you know, Ambassador Moyer has  
                        a long, preexisting dialogue with 
                        Yemen’s Defense Ministry. Deputy 
                        Minister al-Wazir considers Alan  
                        to be a dear friend and confidant. 

                                 BEAU
                        I’m well aware of the relationship 
                        that exists between the ambassador 
                        and Deputy Minister al-Wazir. My 
                        sources even tell me that amongst 
                        his inner circle, al-Wazir has a 
                        nickname for Alan. “La‘ruhem.” That 
                        means “marbles.” A children’s game. 
                        Easy to play. Not exactly a term of 
                        endearment. 

           Pamela regards Beau with thinly-veiled contempt. 

                                 PAMELA
                        You’re suggesting Yemen’s Defense 
                        Ministry has willingly concealed   
                        al-Huwaidi’s whereabouts. Now why 
                        would they do that, given Umar al-
                        Huwaidi’s hatred for us is matched 
                        only by his hatred for the Yemeni 
                        government?

                                 BEAU
                        Because hunting terrorists is big 
                        business for Yemen. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BEAU (CONT'D)
                        The aid and resources we provide to 
                        hunt down men like al-Huwaidi has 
                        become a vital revenue stream for 
                        them. Why would they ever want to 
                        send their cash-cow to the abattoir? 
                        I mean sure, they’ll give us some 
                        low-level goat-fucker to maintain   
                        a performance history. But that’s 
                        just to insure we don’t strip them 
                        of their allowance.

           An ACADEMIC OFFICIAL appointed to head-chair some cryptically 
           named, Whitehouse manufactured oversight committee speaks up.

                                 ACADEMIC OFFICIAL
                        You say you have a lock on al-
                        Huwaidi’s location. Why haven’t    
                        we green-lit an air-strike? 

                                 BEAU
                        Because we don’t know how deep that 
                        cave network goes. But our ground 
                        assets say al-Huwaidi’s mobilizing. 
                        So we wait until he’s in transit. 
                        That’s when we can be sure.  

           GRAYDON ABBOTT, CIA old guard, regal grey hair like sculpted 
           granite. Same clearance level as Beau, Graydon is one of the 
           few colleagues remaining with rank over the young careerist. 

                                 GRAYDON
                        And if it’s a family picnic like 
                        last time? If he’s on a bus with 
                        his eleven wives and twenty-nine 
                        children? I mean, you’ve clearly 
                        skipped a few grades Mr. Witten. 
                        What would be your assessment?

           After a contemplative beat --

                                 BEAU
                        Do you remember how Sadamm would 
                        build munitions factories next to 
                        schools and playgrounds to deter  
                        us from bombing those sites? Evil 
                        men mock the good in their enemies.
                             (beat)
                        These days in Yemen, one need not 
                        venture deep into the mountains to 
                        hear the call for Jihad. And al-
                        Huwaidi’s a fucking rock-star to 
                        these people. You got boys putting 
                        up posters of him on their walls 
                        like he’s Eminem. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BEAU (CONT'D)
                        My honest-to-God belief is that 
                        blowing up this one bus saves a 
                        hundred, possibly even a thousand 
                        more buses.

           The room goes quiet. Gauging the consensus, Beau watches as 
           those assembled trade furtive looks of agreement -- 

           -- except Graydon, immune to Beau’s influence.  

           Academic Official, tentatively converted, breaks the silence.

                                 ACADEMIC OFFICIAL
                        That kind of collateral damage 
                        could prove detrimental to our 
                        public image.

                                 BEAU
                        And when did we start thinking in 
                        those terms?

           Met with a scattering of stifled laughter.

           INT. LOWER CORRIDORS - FUSION CENTER - DAY

           Beau walks with a purposeful gait. Graydon catches up.

                                 GRAYDON
                        Really took Pamela to task in there.

                                 BEAU
                        Appointing someone as chromosomally   
                        deprived as Alan Moyer to the Yemen 
                        desk is an act of political seppuku. 
                        I’m simply Pamela’s kaishakunin.

           Graydon bats Beau a confused look.

                                 BEAU (CONT’D)
                        It was the kaishakunin’s duty to 
                        spare the one committing seppuku 
                        from any prolonged suffering by   
                        beheading him. It was considered    
                        a merciful act. 

           Beau and Graydon turn down a bisecting hallway, entering --

           INT. BEAU’S OFFICE - FUSION CENTER - DAY

           An impersonal, sparsely appointed office. Beau takes a seat 
           behind his desk, framed by a large window offering a “view” 
           of a city skyline --
           -- high-resolution imagery to help mitigate the office’s 
           subterranean isolation. 

           Remaining in the doorway --

                                 GRAYDON
                        Still, you didn’t have to take such 
                        obvious joy in discrediting her. 

           Beau begins sifting through paperwork on his desk.

                                 BEAU
                        The chivalry act is growing stale 
                        Graydon. So why don’t you tell me 
                        what else is on your mind. 

           Met with a hateful smirk.

                                 GRAYDON
                        You’ve been appropriating some of 
                        your operational budget into off-
                        site accounts. Yet you don’t have 
                        any active ops running at present. 
                        At least none with any “director-
                        level approval.”

           This stops Beau, Graydon with “check” on the board.

                                 BEAU
                        You’ve been monitoring my accounts?

                                 GRAYDON
                        This agency is a band full of solo-
                        artists. Everyone’s trying to break 
                        out with their own act.

                                 BEAU
                             (with an edge)
                        Is this a formal inquiry Graydon? 
                        If so, please let me know now so   
                        I can call the Deputy Director in. 
                        Then you can raise whatever broad 
                        suspicions you have while I discuss 
                        in particular terms the numerous 
                        kickbacks you’ve received over the 
                        years tipping off your rolodex of 
                        private government contractors to 
                        certain “sources-sought” notices. 

           Graydon looking like he’s just been sucker-punched, Beau   
           now with “checkmate.” 

           Just then YOUNG AIDE enters, squeezes past Graydon.
                                 YOUNG AIDE
                        Mr. Witten, I have a package for 
                        you.

           In perfunctory parting --

                                 GRAYDON
                        Give Connie and your boy my best.

           Graydon exits. Beau turns his attention to Young Aide. 
           Regarding the envelope --

                                 BEAU
                        It has postage.

                                 YOUNG AIDE
                        It’s not from the overnight pouch. 
                        It was sent to the “front” office. 

           Beau reluctantly accepts, dismissing Young Aide with a nod. 
           He opens the envelope --

           -- finds a hotel room keycard. 

           EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT

           Roger pulls up in a rental car, common make and model. He 
           exits, a passenger seat littered with fast-food wrappers.

           He moves for the gas station’s convenience store. In passing 
           to the GAS STATION ATTENDANT --

                                 ROGER
                        Give it a full tank.

           Roger moves to a pay-phone, picks up the receiver, deposits 
           quarters. 

           After a few rings, he hears his wife’s voice --

           -- reacts, his hand clamping over his mouth, corking the 
           deluge of emotions.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                             (voicemail greeting)
                        Hi, you’ve reached Dr. Jocelyn 
                        Eberle. Please leave your name, 
                        number and a brief message after 
                        the beep and I’ll get back to you 
                        as soon as possible... 
                             (whimsical)
                        ... unless you’re my husband. 
           Followed by a BEEP. Roger swallows, takes a moment, 
           considering his words.

                                 ROGER
                        Joce... I know I’m speaking into  
                        an empty line. I wish... I could 
                        think otherwise but... 
                             (trailing off, then 
                              righting course)
                        I was convinced our marriage was 
                        terminal Joce. I’d wake up every 
                        morning waiting for you... to put 
                        me on notice. And towards the end 
                        ... I despised you for keeping me 
                        awaiting sentence.
                             (beat)
                        One night I went to this bar... and 
                        before I went in I... slide my ring 
                        off and stuck it in the glove-box. 
                        This waitress, she saw the tan line 
                        ... said I was a real amateur. That 
                        didn’t stop her from getting in the 
                        car though. But I... couldn’t... go 
                        through with it. Leaving her at her 
                        door like that... I mean, she must 
                        have thought I was out of practice 
                        or something.

           Roger chuckles ruefully. Then his voice hardens.

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        I want you to know, I don’t care 
                        how deep or dark this thing goes, 
                        I’m going to set it right.

           Roger hangs up, lingering for a moment as if hoping the  
           payphone might ring back.

           INT. GAS STATION CONVENIENCE STORE - NIGHT

           The door-chime RINGS. The BLASE CLERK glances up, sees Roger, 
           redirects his attention back to his crossword puzzle. 

           Roger moves down the aisle to the refrigerated coolers, 
           reaching in for an oversized water-bottle --

           -- stops when he hears the THROATY WHINE of a motorcycle out  
           -side. Roger peers out the windows, sees a sport-bike at the 
           fueling pump. A BIKER dismounts, removes his visored helmet.

           Though Biker is a complete unknown, it’s his bearing, the way 
           his eyes take in his surroundings, that suggests his presence 
           here might not be entirely coincidental.   
           A creeping paranoia taking hold, Roger moves to the register 
           as Blase Clerk sets his puzzle-book aside. 

                                 BLASE CLERK
                        Which pump?

           Roger steals a glance outside --

           -- connects with Biker’s pitted eyes, riveted on Roger. It’s 
           all the confirmation Roger needs.

                                 ROGER
                        Two.

           As Blase Clerk rings up the total, Roger reaches for a pair of 
           mirrored aviators from a display case of chintzy sunglasses.

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        You can ring those up too.

           Blase Clerk’s brow furrows.

                                 BLASE CLERK
                        Been awhile since I sold a pair   
                        of these.

                                 ROGER
                        I also need your bathroom key.

           INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM - NIGHT

           Roger leans over the sink, rinsing his haggard face with cold 
           water. The bathroom door creaks open. Roger’s eyes shoot left 
           to the mirrored aviators perched on top of the trash-can --

           -- positioned to offer him a discreet view of his flank. In 
           the reflection of the lenses, Roger sees Biker enter. As he 
           approaches a seemingly oblivious Roger --

           -- Roger whirls around, throwing up a fistful of pink, 
           granulated soap in Biker’s face, blinding him.       

           Roger rushes Biker, jabbing his throat, sending him back-
           pedaling to the wall. Roger buries a forearm into Biker’s  
           neck, pinning him against the wall --

           -- his hand finding a snub-nosed revolver tucked in Biker’s 
           waistband. He presses it to Biker’s temple.

                                 ROGER
                        Who’s behind this? Who sent you?

           In between choked breaths --
                                 BIKER
                        Scanlon.

                                 ROGER
                        Scanlon?

                                 BIKER
                        Jack Scanlon. “Freeway” Jack, man. 
                        It’s in my pocket Felipe. 

           Roger’s hand rummages inside Biker’s jacket, finding --

           -- a clear plastic bag filled with grey, crystalline rocks. 

                                 ROGER
                        What is this?

                                 BIKER
                        Priceless fucking rubies. What do 
                        you think it is ass-clown?
                             (expression clouding)
                        Shit, you’re not fucking Felipe, 
                        are you? 

           Roger drops the bag of meth on the ground, stomps on it. 
           Biker winces as Roger heels the dope into a fine ground.  

           Roger relinquishes his hold on Biker. Biker slumps to the 
           floor, regaining his breath, chest heaving. 

           Roger spins the cylinder on Biker’s revolver, letting the 
           bullets clatter to the ground. He tosses Biker’s revolver 
           into a urinal, glaring at the drug peddler.

                                 ROGER
                        You count off five minutes before 
                        you step out that door.
                             (nodding to the bag of 
                              crushed meth)
                        Otherwise, I’ll spoon-feed you that 
                        entire bag.

           Roger moves for the door.

                                 BIKER
                        So you ain’t gonna arrest me man?

           Roger never breaks stride, exiting.

           EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT

           Roger crosses the lot, reaches his car --
           -- notices a parked Escalade customized with chrome trim and 
           tinted windows. Outside the car, a swarthy-complexioned HOOD 
           with a platinum, pectoral cross big enough to accommodate an 
           actual crucifixion, paces impatiently. 

           Catching Roger’s eyes on him --

                                 HOOD
                        Fuck you looking at?

                                 ROGER
                        Nothing in particular... Felipe.

           Hood blanches, spooked. Believing Roger to be police, Hood 
           hops into his Escalade, sending up roostertails of dust as  
           he peels out of the gas station.

           Roger allows himself a thin smirk as he gets back into his 
           rental, pulling onto the road -- on a northbound heading. 

           EXT. HOTEL - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY

           Located in the downtown district, teeming with VISITING 
           DIGNITARIES and POWER BROKERS. 

           A Lincoln Town Car pulls up front. HORACE, the crooked-nosed 
           chauffeur, exits to open the door for Beau.

                                 HORACE
                        I’ll be right across the street
                        Mr. Witten.

                                 BEAU
                        I shouldn’t be long Horace. 

           Beau hurries inside.

           INT. LOBBY - HOTEL - DAY

           Beau marches across the lobby, bypassing the front desk, 
           shaking hands and exchanging cursory pleasantries with a 
           familiar face or two before entering the elevator.

           INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY

           The door’s keycard reader beeps. Beau enters, swiftly closing 
           the door behind him. Taking in the empty room, Beau moves for 
           the balcony’s sliding-glass door --  
           EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - DAY

           Beau approaches the railing, taking in the view.

                                 MAN (O.S.)
                        Nice, isn’t it?

           Beau turns --

           -- finds Ambrose on the adjacent balcony, dragging on a 
           cigarette, ashing into a tray balanced on the railing. 

                                 AMBROSE
                        They say people who live or work  
                        in a city will go years without 
                        looking up at the buildings. It’s 
                        called the tourist plane. I find 
                        myself crossing it every now and 
                        again, trying to see this place  
                        the way I first saw it years ago.
                             (beat)
                        There’s been a complication. 

                                 BEAU
                        I’d say that’s putting it rather... 
                        euphemistically.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Yeah, I thought you might already 
                        know. So do we have a containment 
                        protocol in place?

                                 BEAU
                        Containment protocol? The local 
                        constabulary have already pulled 
                        your operatives from the wreckage.  
                        This isn’t a little spill on the 
                        hardwood floor. This is a carpet 
                        stain. Right now, they’re running 
                        the dental records on that bucket 
                        of extra crispy. But I had one of 
                        my programmers slip falsified 
                        criminal backgrounds into the 
                        system. Those cuspids now belong  
                        to a couple of vagrant crack-heads 
                        with a litany of priors. Should be 
                        enough for them to write it off as 
                        a botched car theft. 

                                 AMBROSE
                        What about when they trace the car 
                        back to our principal?
                                 BEAU
                        Mr. Eberle reported the car stolen. 
                        It gives us a consistent narrative.

           With an amused grin --

                                 AMBROSE
                        He reported it stolen? Guess he 
                        wants to handle this personally.

                                 BEAU
                        And now I want you handling this 
                        personally.

                                 AMBROSE
                        I hung up my work gloves Mr. 
                        Witten. I’m a foreman now. I    
                        give estimates, put together  
                        crews, order materials. That’s   
                        the extent of my involvement.

           Clearly not the answer Beau was looking for --

                                 BEAU
                        You know back in the feudal days  
                        of Japan, to become a bladesmith 
                        was considered a most honorable 
                        path for a man, second only to 
                        being a samurai. Manipulating the 
                        “Tamahagane,” the Japanese steel, 
                        into an elemental composition that 
                        held a sharp edge while remaining 
                        impact resistant was a nuanced art. 
                        And if a bladesmith’s sword broke 
                        in combat, it was expected that the 
                        next sword he forged would be the 
                        one he’d use to open his stomach.     

           Though the threatening subtext isn’t lost on Ambrose, he 
           doesn’t appear intimidated.      

                                 AMBROSE
                        I might not have attended the same 
                        bullshit, Ivy-League feeder school 
                        as you Mr. Witten, but that almost 
                        sounded like a threat.
                             (chuckling to himself)
                        Threatened by an analyst. Can’t say 
                        I’ve ever had the pleasure.

           Ambrose turns, approaches Beau, his urbane charm morphing 
           into understated menace. 
                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Tell me then Mr. Witten, in your 
                        analysis, do you think it’s wise  
                        to threaten me? Given our close 
                        proximity. 

           Ambrose pulls from his cigarette, reaches to stub it out in 
           the ashtray --

           -- a RESOUNDING PING and the ashtray fragmentizes in a spray 
           of sparks, littering the balcony with shattered plaster. 

           Ambrose exhales a brume of smoke, revealing --

           -- the red beam of a laser sight caught in cigarette vapor. 

           With a self-satisfied grin, Beau nods across the street.

           EXT. ROOFTOP - PARKING STRUCTURE - DAY

           Horace, minus the chauffeur’s cap, lies prone on flattened 
           cardboard, eye fused to the telescopic sight on his bipod-
           stabilized sniper rifle, ejecting the spent casing --

           -- chambering a fresh cartridge. 

           A parabolic microphone directed towards the hotel allows 
           Horace to hear Beau and Ambrose’s entire exchange.

           EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - DAY

           Beau reaches into his suit pocket --

                                 BEAU
                        I worry Mr. Ambrose that I may be 
                        overestimating you.

           -- pulling out an envelope, the contour of its contents 
           suggesting a banded brick of money.

           Handing the envelope to Ambrose --

                                 BEAU (CONT’D)
                        For your incidentals. And do keep 
                        me apprised.

           Beau retreats inside, Ambrose bristling, eyes murderous.     
           A thin wisp of smoke draws Ambrose’s attention to --

           -- his cigarette, burned down to the filter, singing his 
           fingers, blistering the skin. Ambrose doesn’t register the 
           pain, simply flexes his fingers, crushing the cigarette out.
           EXT. SUPPLY STORE - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - DAY

           Like a pioneer outpost, displaced from another time. The 
           supply store sits in a clearing circumscribed by a thick, 
           expansive forest blanketed in densely packed snow.

           The sound of snow crunching as Roger pulls up in his rental.

           INT. RENTAL CAR - DAY

           Heat on full blast, Roger consults his wife’s GPS module,  
           the female, mechanized voice repeating like mantra, “You  
           have arrived at your destination.”

           Roger looks up at the supply store, notices a WOODSMAN on the 
           front porch, using a bowie knife to make long, interconnected 
           incisions in a strung-up deer carcass. 

           Roger shuts off his car, exits.

           EXT. SUPPLY STORE - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS

           Roger trudges up to the supply store, capturing his hot 
           breath with cupped hands. 

           Roger bounds up the steps, finds Woodsman staring at him.

           Most of Woodsman’s face is obscured behind a feral overgrowth 
           that would make most Vikings seem well-groomed by comparison. 
           A patch of frostbite-blackened dead tissue below his left eye.

           At Woodsman’s feet, a bucket containing the deer’s entrails. 

                                 WOODSMAN
                        You got business here? 

                                 ROGER
                        I had a couple of questions.

           Woodsman regards Roger with an unnerving, wild-eyed intensity.

                                 WOODSMAN
                        Should have left your car running.

           Woodsman returns to the task at hand, methodically cutting 
           through cartilage, pulling off the pelt, aerating the pale 
           flesh beneath.

           Roger takes the hint, steps inside.
           INT. SUPPLY STORE - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - DAY

           Roger enters, stomping out his boots. The scant DENIZENS 
           turn, take in the curious stranger. Uniformly incarnadine 
           faces, drinkers’ blushes and climate-ruptured capillaries.

           Roger approaches the PROPRIETOR behind the counter, late-
           sixties, with a bulbous nose like an overripe tomato. 

                                 PROPRIETOR
                        Looking for directions? Because I’m 
                        pretty certain you missed your exit.

                                 ROGER
                        No, I was wondering if you could 
                        help me.

           Roger reaches for his wallet, pulls out the photo of his wife 
           lying on the hammock, holding it up for Proprietor.

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        I wanted to know if you remember 
                        seeing this woman come in here in 
                        the past few months.

           Proprietor leans forward, scrutinizing the photo.

                                 PROPRIETOR
                        Whitest god-damn sand I’ve ever  
                        seen. Like powdered milk. Where   
                        is that? Barbados?

                                 ROGER
                        Aruba.

                                 PROPRIETOR
                        Ah, so that is your wife then?

           Roger offers nothing, unable to clarify the past-tense.

                                 PROPRIETOR (CONT’D)
                        Yeah, I figured this much. Well 
                        I’ve never seen her.

                                 ROGER
                             (dubious)
                        You’re sure? Why don’t you look 
                        again.

           With a sweep of his arm --
                                 PROPRIETOR
                        Look at the faces I have to stare 
                        at everyday. You think I’d really 
                        forget your wife’s.

                                 ROGER
                        Who else works here?

                                 PROPRIETOR
                        I’m the sole proprietor. I run     
                        a small business. With limited 
                        overhead.

           Roger pockets the photo, scans the patronage, suspicious. 

                                 PROPRIETOR (CONT’D)
                        I really don’t think you’re going 
                        to find what you’re looking for 
                        here, mister.

           Roger turns back to Proprietor.

                                 PROPRIETOR (CONT’D)
                        If your wife was sneaking off for 
                        some kind of marital indiscretion, 
                        I think they could find someplace 
                        slightly more enchanting. I mean 
                        it’s not like I’m running a resort 
                        here. I think you got your wires 
                        crossed.

           After some quiet deliberation, Roger reluctantly exits.

           EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - DAY

           Gil watches Plato circle and sniff the shrubbery at the base 
           of a mailbox, growing increasingly impatient.

                                 GIL
                        Come on, you got stage fright or 
                        something?

                                 MAN (O.S.)
                        Excuse me sir?

           Gil turns, finds --

           -- Ambrose in a Mercedes convertible, pulled off to the side 
           of the road, playing the part of the flustered, lost driver. 

                                 AMBROSE
                        I’m looking for Tall Grass, the 
                        country club. I know it’s close.
           Gil approaches Ambrose, awkwardly tugging Plato along.

                                 GIL
                        You don’t have GPS in there?

                                 AMBROSE
                        Spilled my espresso on it. It’s 
                        pretty sad how much we depend on 
                        these things nowadays. I couldn’t 
                        find my own mailbox without turn- 
                        by-turn directions from that GPS 
                        woman’s modulated voice.

                                 GIL
                        Yeah, I suppose that’s the world  
                        we live in today. Anyway, you’re  
                        on Greenway right now. Take this 
                        down to Lennox, make a left -- 

           Gil’s cut off as Plato barks at a bigger dog being walked 
           across the street. 

           Ambrose looks down, acting as if he’s noticing the dog for 
           the first time.

                                 AMBROSE
                        The little scrapper likes to fight 
                        outside his weight class. Scottish 
                        terrier, right?

           Struggling to quiet Plato --

                                 GIL
                        Probably. I’m not really sure.   
                        He’s not actually my dog. I’m    
                        just looking after him for a  
                        friend while he’s away.

           Innocently conversational --

                                 AMBROSE
                        They don’t allow pets where he was 
                        vacationing?

                                 GIL
                        I wouldn’t say it’s a vacation. 
                        It’s more of a... family affair.  
                        Up in British Columbia. 
                             (beat)
                        Anyway, left on Lennox, second 
                        light, right on Vineyard. Take    
                        it down-a-ways, it should be on 
                        your left. Got that?
           With a knowing smile --

                                 AMBROSE
                        Think I know where I’m going now.

           EXT. MOTEL - BRITISH COLUMBIA - NIGHT

           Inexpensive, no-frills accommodations on the periphery of the 
           snow-capped wilderness. Neon sign touting free premium cable. 

           INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT

           In the darkened room, Roger lies facedown in bed, twisted in 
           a cocoon of blankets, lost in a deep, undisturbed sleep.  

           Without preamble or provocation --

           -- Roger shoots up from bed, pointing the handgun he had 
           tucked under his pillow into the room’s shadows. 

           From the obfuscating darkness --

                                 MAN IN THE SHADOWS
                        Thought I was going to have to 
                        clear my throat.

           A lamp switches on --

           -- revealing Woodsman seated in a chair, his eyes now 
           betraying a clarity and intelligence he masked during        
           his first encounter with Roger. 

                                 WOODSMAN
                        I know why you’re up here. 

           Keeping his handgun trained on Woodsman --

                                 ROGER
                        Enlighten me.

                                 WOODSMAN
                        You came up here to talk to me.

                                 ROGER
                        That’s funny, given I don’t know who 
                        you are, besides some guy who looks 
                        like he’s been drinking his own piss 
                        for a little while now. So why would 
                        I want to talk to you?
                                 WOODSMAN
                        Because your wife came to see me. A 
                        month before she was killed. 

           This catches with Roger, hearing someone else say it.

                                 ROGER
                        You said “killed”? 

           Sensing he’s about to be beset with questions --

                                 WOODSMAN
                        We can talk, but not here. That car 
                        outside, is it a rental?

                                 ROGER
                        Yes. 

                                 WOODSMAN
                        Paid with cash?

                                 ROGER
                        Yes.

                                 WOODSMAN
                        When was the last time you used 
                        your credit card? 

                                 ROGER
                        A kiosk outside the departures 
                        terminal at Denver International.

           Woodsman nods, satisfied.

                                 WOODSMAN
                        We’ll take my truck. We can have 
                        that talk at my cabin.

           Gun still raised --

                                 ROGER
                        And I’m supposed to trust you?

                                 WOODSMAN
                        It’s not like I’ve asked you to 
                        lower your gun.

           Woodsman uprights from the chair.

                                 WOODSMAN/NORMAN
                        My name’s Norman Tisch.
           INT. BAR - INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY

           Crowded with TRAVELLERS trying to pass the time between delays 
           with watered-down drinks and bar-grub. In one booth --

           -- VICKREY, a soldier never entirely at ease, maintaining a 
           freshly-buzzed flattop. Vickrey’s maladjustment to civilian 
           life can be read in his roving eyes. Seated opposite --

           -- ARROYO, heavily inked arms with gang insignia competing for 
           real-estate with his marine war-paint. A notch of knurled skin 
           under his left eye where he crudely excised the “teardrops” of 
           his former life.

                                 ARROYO
                        Think this fucking guy will pay for 
                        our return tickets too?

                                 VICKREY
                        I’m more interested in hearing what 
                        else he has to offer.

           Arroyo looks at Vickrey, quickly sizing him up.

                                 ARROYO
                        I knew guys like you. You’d re-
                        enlist if you could. Keep going 
                        back until you caught that “non-
                        survivable wound.” 

                                 VICKREY
                        I knew guys like you too. The only 
                        reason you were over there in the 
                        first place was to avoid a prison 
                        sentence.

           Met with a fiendish “touché” smirk from Arroyo.

                                 AMBROSE (O.S.)
                        I see you two are getting 
                        acquainted.

           Arroyo and Vickrey turn --

           -- find a crisply-suited Ambrose standing at their table.    
           He motions for Arroyo to straighten up, slides in next to   
           him with two dossiers in hand.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        I’m glad you both accepted Captain 
                        Fowler’s invitation to be here.

                                 ARROYO
                        You know Captain Fowler?
                                 AMBROSE
                        We go back. He earns a supplemental 
                        income now as my recruiting officer. 

                                 VICKREY
                        Recruitment for what?

           Ambrose opens Vickrey’s file.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Owen James Vickrey. Scored average 
                        on your armed services vocational 
                        aptitude battery. In the core, that 
                        puts you in the “gifted” down-slope 
                        of the bell-curve. 
                             (scanning pages)
                        On the night of August seventeenth, 
                        you and some of your fellow ground-
                        pounders went outside the wire for 
                        the express purpose of collecting 
                        some “haji” scalps. You boys brought 
                        down nine non-combatants. Went about 
                        it smart too. No half-assed evidence 
                        plant or ambush conjecture. You used 
                        hand-me-down Kalashnikovs, preferred 
                        hardware of the indigenous hostiles, 
                        to pin it on the Taliban. I bet that 
                        was your idea Corporal. Nothing gets 
                        the old recreational apparatus rigid 
                        like a little escalation of force.

           Vickrey’s jaw tightens, his mouth filling with battery acid. 
           Ambrose turns his attention now to Arroyo, opening his file.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Edgar Villareal Arroyo. You scored 
                        in the ninety-eighth percentile on 
                        your ASVAB. That’s hot shit Edgar. 
                        You must have been the theoretical 
                        physicist in your company. But you 
                        didn’t really hit it off with your 
                        company commander, did you?
                             (scanning pages)
                        Says here he reprimanded you on 
                        several occasions for undermining 
                        his command. Goes on to say you 
                        accused him of being incompetent 
                        and quote, unquote... “unfit to 
                        oversee a four-man circle-jerk.”

           The mention of his superior brings Arroyo’s blood to a boil. 
                                 ARROYO
                        Dumb motherfucker lead us right 
                        into a chokepoint. Twice.

                                 AMBROSE
                        That why you rigged up a roadside 
                        bomb emplacement to take out his 
                        vehicle during a convoy patrol?

           Arroyo’s eyes narrow on Ambrose. 

                                 ARROYO
                        What is this? An investigation?

                                 AMBROSE
                        An interview. And it’s going well 
                        so far. Those trained to kill, who 
                        show little compunction in doing 
                        so, that’s something you can’t put     
                        a premium on. Especially in my 
                        trade. It’s about time you both 
                        realized your earning potential.

           Ambrose takes out a checkbook, filling out and endorsing two 
           checks with a fountain-pen.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Two positions have opened up on   
                        my staff recently. I was hoping    
                        to fill both of them today.

           Ambrose tears along the perforated lines, slides a check each 
           to Arroyo and Vickrey. Upon seeing the comma placement, their 
           jaws unhinge. They’ve just jumped two tax brackets.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        And that’s just the starting salary.

           Ambrose slides out of the booth, uprights.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        I’ve taken the liberty of packing 
                        gear for both of you. The rest we 
                        can discuss once we’re airborne.

           Pulling his eyes from the check --

                                 VICKREY
                        When’s our flight?

           With a dismissive tsk --
                                 AMBROSE
                        This is the private sector now 
                        boys. We don’t fly commercial.

           Met with a grin from Arroyo that one couldn’t wash away with 
           a beaker of hydrochloric acid.

           EXT. FOREST ROAD - NIGHT

           A resilient pick-up on studded winter tires climbs the winding 
           road leading to the mountains. 

           INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT

           Norman drives, navigating the icy road conditions with both 
           hands knuckling the wheel.

           Roger faces the passenger window, staring out. Nose pressed 
           to the seat-belt’s sash, Roger appears to be sniffing it.  

           Shooting him an askance look --

                                 NORMAN
                        You taken a liking to my seat-belt?

                                 ROGER
                        “Emerald coast.”

                                 NORMAN
                             (perplexed)
                        What’s that?

                                 ROGER
                        “Emerald coast.” My wife’s perfume. 
                        Got it for her last Christmas. 
                             (chuckling ruefully to 
                              himself)
                        It was actually the wrong perfume. 
                        Some knock-off of “Imperial Coast,” 
                        the bottle Jocelyn actually wanted. 
                        But she never returned it. Wore it 
                        everyday like it was the good stuff. 
                        Gave her a wicked rash too. 

           Norman softens at the melancholy sight of Roger sniffing    
           the seat-belt, drawn to the spectral residue of his dead   
           wife like a honeybee to a pheromone source. 

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        When you were driving her up here, 
                        did she seem... afraid to you?
                                 NORMAN
                        Your wife was up to her neck in 
                        something. And she was too smart 
                        not to know how events might play 
                        out for her. But I saw it in her 
                        face. There was no retreat in her. 
                             (beat)
                        I see the same look in your face. 
                        You want to kill the ones who did 
                        it. 

           Roger turns, locks eyes with Norman.

                                 ROGER
                        I killed the ones who did it. Now  
                        I want the ones responsible. 

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           The pick-up pulls up in front of a remote cabin tucked    
           into the upper reaches of the hinterland. 

           INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT

           Norman parks. Roger unfastens his seat-belt, reaches for the 
           passenger door handle when --

           -- a wolfdog launches up at the door, leaving frothy spittle 
           on the window, barking at Roger with raised hackles. 

                                 ROGER
                        Got a tactical bite suit I can 
                        borrow?

                                 NORMAN
                        Give me your scarf.

           Roger removes his scarf, hands it to Norman.

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           Norman exits the car and whistles. On command, the wolfdog 
           runs to Norman. He bends down, embraces the now benevolent 
           wolfdog, holding Roger’s scarf over the dog’s snout.

           Yelling to the pick-up --

                                 NORMAN
                        Come on out.
           Roger tentatively exits, approaches Norman and his wolfdog 
           with cautious steps. 

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        I’ve made the proper introductions. 
                        He knows you’re a friend now. 

           Roger stiffens as the wolfdog approaches him --

           -- and begins licking his hand. Roger reciprocates affection, 
           patting the wolfdog’s scruff.

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        Let’s get inside. 

           Roger moves towards the cabin’s front entrance.

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        Not the front door.
                             (tilting his head)
                        Around back. 

           INT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           Norman leads Roger inside, lights a kerosene lamp, revealing 
           a rustic interior. Wood-carved furniture not purchased from  
           a catalogue. Pelts of the local fauna festooned to one wall.

           Roger sees now why they didn’t use the front door. A double-
           barrelled shotgun is perched on a chair in front of the door, 
           rigged to fire by a length of rope looped around the doorknob.

           Catching Roger looking at the deathtrap --

                                 NORMAN
                        There’s no mail or pizza delivery 
                        up here. I hear a knock on my door, 
                        chances are it’s not going to be a 
                        singing telegram. 

                                 ROGER
                        Who are these people?

           Appraising Roger’s fatigued state and glassy eyes.

                                 NORMAN
                        I have a second bedroom upstairs. 
                        We’ll talk in the morning. 
                                 ROGER
                        Listen, the only reason I agreed    
                        to come to your little letter-bomb 
                        workshop up here was because you 
                        said you had answers. Now I need --

                                 NORMAN
                             (cutting him off)
                        You need to sleep. You look like 
                        you’re running on fumes. We can 
                        talk when you have a clear head.

           Norman moves past, climbs the steps to the second floor. 
           Roger knows he’s on the verge of collapsing. Beleaguered,  
           Roger heads upstairs, retires to the second bedroom.

           INT. PRIVATE JET - NIGHT

           Inside the quiet, sleek cabin of the jet, Vickrey sits, 
           studying the materials inside a briefing packet --

           -- containing complete profile work-ups on Roger and Norman, 
           along with hyperspectral satellite photos of Norman’s cabin.

           Arroyo is less interested in the intel, studying --

           -- Ambrose, earbuds plugged in, hand drifting in gestural 
           melody with what is presumably classical music.   

           Arroyo uprights, takes a seat opposite Ambrose, breaking 
           Ambrose from his reverie. He takes out his earbuds.

                                 AMBROSE
                        You should be studying the 
                        materials you were given.

                                 ARROYO
                        I’ve studied it.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Well how about a little exercise 
                        then to test your retention level? 
                        You kick open the front door and 
                        roll in a flash-bang. Give me the 
                        floor-plan. Map out the potential 
                        cover positions inside that cabin. 
                        In detail.

                                 ARROYO
                        What are you looking for here? Do 
                        you want me to tell you about the 
                        partition wall that separates the 
                        kitchen from the main room? 
                                 (MORE)
                                 ARROYO (CONT'D)
                        That it’s eight feet in diameter, 
                        two inches thick and about sixteen 
                        paces from the front entry point? 
                        Do you want me to tell you about  
                        the cupboard under the staircase 
                        with a five foot clearance? Or do 
                        you just want me to point out the 
                        fact that the front door opens out, 
                        not in, making this an inherently 
                        fallacious exercise?

                                 AMBROSE
                             (with a smirk)
                        Fallacious?

                                 ARROYO
                        As in a trick fucking question.

           Giving the boy his due --

                                 AMBROSE
                        So what’s on your mind?

                                 ARROYO
                        You know everything about me and 
                        “Captain America” back there. But  
                        we don’t know shit about you.

                                 AMBROSE
                        So what do you want to know? My 
                        astrological sign? My idea of a 
                        perfect first date?

                                 ARROYO
                        I’m being lead into the field with 
                        some guy who’s got manicured hands 
                        and a salon haircut. 

                                 AMBROSE
                        And you want to know if I have   
                        the requisite “street cred”? If    
                        I’m on the level? Is that it?

           Ambrose reaches into his pocket, pulls out a gold lighter  
           and tosses it to Arroyo who reflexively catches it.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Have a look at that.

           Perplexed by its apparent significance --

                                 ARROYO
                        What am I looking at?
                                 AMBROSE
                        On the back. The inscription. It’s 
                        in Arabic, but I read somewhere in 
                        your file you were enrolled in an 
                        Arabic language program because you 
                        didn’t trust the local translators.

           Arroyo turns the lighter over, translating the engraving with 
           great difficulty.

                                 ARROYO
                        “Carry... the fire... of Iraq... 
                        with you... always...”

           Upon seeing the initials, Arroyo looks up, shoots Ambrose an 
           incredulous look.

                                 ARROYO (CONT’D)
                        “S.H.” 

                                 AMBROSE
                        That’s right. It was a gift from 
                        Saddam. I took it off one of his 
                        couriers we intercepted. The same 
                        messenger pigeon that later gave  
                        us the “Wolverine One” and “Two” 
                        sites, the actionable intel that 
                        lead us to Saddam’s spider-hole. 
                             (beat)
                        So does that put your mind at    
                        ease? Or would you prefer a     
                        list of character references?

           Arroyo slides the lighter back to Ambrose.

                                 ARROYO
                        We’re good.

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - DAY

           Morning stillness. A snow-globe that hasn’t been shaken.    

           Fully dressed, Roger exits the back-door, comes around     
           the side, tracing the ambit of the house. Just as he’s    
           about to take another step -- 

                                 NORMAN (O.S.)
                        Stop right there.

           Halting Roger. He looks up, sees Norman emerging from the 
           treeline, a felled deer around his shoulders, his wolfdog   
           shadowing him.
                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        Take two steps back. 

                                 ROGER
                        Why?

           Dipping his head down --

                                 NORMAN
                        At your feet.

           Roger looks down --

           -- finds the denticulate, oxidized points of a foothold trap 
           jutting out from the snow like miniature stalagmites. He was 
           less than a foot shy of triggering the trap’s pressure plate.

                                 ROGER
                        The bears up here really get this 
                        close?

           As Norman passes by Roger --

                                 NORMAN
                        It’s not for the bears.

           Roger follows Norman to his cabin, mindful of his step.

           INT. KITCHEN - LOG CABIN - DAY

           Norman sets a kettle on his gas stove, boiling tea. 

                                 NORMAN
                        Your wife told me what you do. And 
                        for a guy who sits in a windowless, 
                        air-conditioned room, you’ve got a 
                        lot of battle-scars.

                                 ROGER
                        I was in the thick of it for three 
                        tours. During a night exfiltration, 
                        an insurgent took a “carnival-game” 
                        pop at my Chinook with a RPG. When 
                        we crashed, I remember hearing the 
                        lucky son-of-a-bitch hooting it up 
                        over winning his oversized bear. I 
                        was the only survivor. 
                             (beat)
                        What about you?

                                 NORMAN
                        My rank was Lieutenant Colonel. I 
                        was with First Infantry Division. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 NORMAN (CONT'D)
                        “The Bloody First.” But I didn’t  
                        spend much time outside the wire.  
                        I was the resident psychiatrist on 
                        Forward Operating Base Rustamiyah, 
                        or “Rust.”

           Norman pours two cups of tea, slides one to Roger as he seats 
           himself at the table. In front of Norman, a stack of folders.  

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        One night, we lost contact with a 
                        recon convoy out patrolling Route  
                        Cannonball, the main artery in our 
                        AO. A rescue team was put together. 
                        They reached the convoy, found that  
                        it had been ambushed. An EFP, or an 
                        explosively formed penetrator, had 
                        taken out the lead humvee. They said 
                        the men inside were like potato-head 
                        dolls, all their pieces in the wrong 
                        places. The second humvee had also 
                        been blown to hell ... but there was 
                        no bodies inside the vehicle. 

           Norman cools the steaming cup with his breath and sips. 

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        The next couple days, we waited for 
                        the beheading videos of our guys to 
                        pop up on Youtube. A week passed. 
                        Then a month. Nearly six weeks had 
                        gone by when this group of British 
                        private contractors entered the FOB. 
                        With them was our missing fire-team, 
                        all four of whom were intact despite 
                        visible signs of superficial torture.

                                 ROGER
                        What had happened to them?

                                 NORMAN
                        The mercs told us they found our  
                        men during a live encounter at an 
                        insurgent stronghold. Said the “haj” 
                        were using belt-sanders and running 
                        car batteries to extract information 
                        from our men.
                             (beat)
                        In light of their traumatic ordeal, 
                        the brass assigned all four men to 
                        meet with me. But none of them could 
                        recall what happened to them. It was 
                        all completely blank.
                                 ROGER
                        Were they...
                             (snapping his fingers to 
                              summon the word)
                        ... repressing it all. Like a... 

                                 NORMAN
                        ... defense mechanism, yes, That 
                        became the running theory. Only     
                        it wasn’t just the torture they 
                        couldn’t remember. It was every-
                        thing. The whole incident was a 
                        blind-spot. A lacuna. As if they   
                        had spent the last six weeks in     
                        a cryogenic sleep. And despite my 
                        requests for further observation,  
                        my superiors had me write off their 
                        memory loss as symptomatic of post-
                        traumatic-stress disorder. Then they 
                        had them shipped back state-side. 

           Norman removes a folder from his stack, slides it in front of 
           Roger. A picture of JEREMY WHITCOMBE, late-twenties, in full, 
           starch-stiffened military regalia.

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D) 
                        Eight months later, one of those  
                        four boys, Jeremy Whitcombe, was 
                        found in his driveway, the victim 
                        of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. 
                             (beat)
                        Jeremy’s wife hadn’t described her 
                        husband’s behavior leading up to 
                        his suicide as erratic. But two 
                        weeks prior to his death, Jeremy 
                        had told his wife he was going on  
                        a weekend fishing trip with some of 
                        the men from his former battalion. 
                        Only the men Jeremy was supposed to 
                        be with that weekend knew nothing 
                        about any fishing trip.  

           Norman removes a newspaper clipping from the folder --

           -- with the headline, “Leader of Hacker Group SIGTERM Found 
           Dead in his Home” with subheading “Possible Drug Overdose.”

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        This happened the same weekend 
                        Jeremy was unaccounted for.

                                 ROGER
                        Says that it was a drug overdose.
                                 NORMAN
                        And doesn’t it say somewhere that 
                        your wife died of a stroke?

           This catches with Roger.

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        Look, I can’t prove that Jeremy 
                        Whitcombe had anything to do with 
                        the hacker’s death. But I do know 
                        he rented a car that weekend. And 
                        that he returned it with close to 
                        eleven hundred more miles on it. 
                        Roughly the mileage someone would 
                        rack up travelling from Jeremy’s 
                        home in Coffeyville, Kansas to the 
                        hacker’s home in Austin, Texas and 
                        back again.

           Still skeptical -- 

                                 ROGER
                        It might be a strange correlation   
                        of dates, but it still seems like 
                        you’re grasping at straws. 

                                 NORMAN
                        I thought so too. Until five months 
                        later, when Senator Devereux, along 
                        with fifteen constituents attending 
                        the centennial for Arizona’s oldest 
                        courthouse were shot dead...

           Norman presents another folder --

           -- with a photo Darryl Lee Unger, clean-cut in his dress 
           blues and sharper in the eyes, clipped to the front. 

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        ...by Darryl Lee Unger. He was   
                        one of the four members of our 
                        battalion's missing fire-team. 

           It hits Roger like a bucket of ice-water.  

           EXT. PRIVATE AIRFIELD - DAY

           The private jet taxis to a stop on the tarmac, the deployed 
           air-stairs folding out. 

           Ambrose, Arroyo and Vickrey take the stairs two at a time, 
           humping packs of gear. They double-time it for an awaiting  
           SUV, loading in and speeding off.  
           INT. KITCHEN - LOG CABIN - DAY

           Reeling from what Norman’s told him --

                                 ROGER
                        So what are you saying? These guys 
                        were brainwashed?

                                 NORMAN
                        No, this was far more invasive  
                        than your conventional thought 
                        reform techniques. I’m talking 
                        about direct neural interfaces. 
                        Implanted brain prostheses.   

                                 ROGER
                        You mean mind control? By our own 
                        government? On its own people?
                             (beat)
                        Do you realize how that sounds? 

           Norman does know how that sounds. 

                                 NORMAN
                        After the courthouse shooting, I 
                        started looking into things. Those 
                        British contractors that recovered 
                        our missing fire-team for instance, 
                        their checks were endorsed by a CIA 
                        shell company. The site where the 
                        insurgents were supposedly holding 
                        our men captive, turns out it was   
                        a bombed-out, rancid-smelling waste 
                        incineration facility with no roof 
                        to shield them from our satellites. 
                        Not really an ideal place to hunker 
                        down with American POWs. And as I 
                        dug deeper into events surrounding 
                        that day, the stink only got worse. 
                        However, somewhere along the way, I 
                        must have gotten flagged.

           Norman slaps a folder in front of Roger with a photo of BYRON 
           STUCKEY, another young soldier in uniform.

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        Byron Stuckey was the third member 
                        of the fire-team. And the man they 
                        sent to my home to kill me. 

                                 ROGER
                             (incredulous)
                        Didn’t you serve with this guy? 
                                 NORMAN
                        It wasn’t personal or premeditated. 
                        It wasn’t even a conscious act. He 
                        was just a machine on manual over-
                        ride. A mechanism. 
                             (voice shaking)
                        He reached for my throat, even as  
                        I caved his head in. After that, I 
                        stepped off the grid. 

           Norman produces a clear plastic bag, places it on the table. 
           Roger reaches for the bag, holding it up --

           -- finds a small implant of manifold circuitry inside. 

                                 NORMAN (CONT’D)
                        I found that on Stuckey. 

           Brow furrowing --

                                 ROGER
                        On him?

           He inspects the implant closer --

           -- sees that it’s flecked with congealed blood.

           EXT. BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - DAY

           As the sun sinks below the horizon --

           -- Ambrose negotiates the terrain on a snowmobile, Arroyo   
           and Vickrey in tow, all three wearing neoprene balaclavas  
           and insulated fatigues.

           The troika cuts through the forest like a pack of wolves, 
           tracking the scent of blood in the air.

           EXT. MAIN ROOM - LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           Broth bubbles from a cast-iron cauldron, suspended over the 
           flames by the fireplace’s swivel crane. Stoking at the fire, 
           Norman ladles the hot stew into two bowls. 

           Norman takes a seat opposite Roger at the hearth, hands Roger 
           a bowl. Roger absently accepts, sitting in cogitative silence.

                                 ROGER
                        What about the fourth man?

           Norman reaches for a file, offers it Roger. A picture of PAUL 
           MEACHAM clipped to the front, another spit-shined soldier.
                                 NORMAN
                        He’s living his life as far as     
                        he knows. He goes to work, pays    
                        his mortgage, and when he finds   
                        the time, helps his son with his 
                        batting swing. But the reality is, 
                        he’s asleep. Until a hacker comes 
                        into possession of classified and 
                        sensitive-in-nature intelligence 
                        cables. Or a Senator on a covert 
                        actions subcommittee leaks said 
                        cables. At which point, they’ll  
                        wake him up.

                                 ROGER
                        And he won’t remember what he’s 
                        done?

                                 NORMAN
                        Remember the “wolf-man” story? How 
                        he would wake up the morning after  
                        a kill with mud on his feet, blood 
                        on his hands and no memory of what 
                        he’d done? The only difference is 
                        these guys have been programmed to 
                        clean up after themselves. 

           Roger stares into the flames, a haunted glimmer in his eyes.

                                 ROGER
                        You know people who never served, 
                        they would ask you, “did you kill 
                        anyone while you were over there”? 
                        More often than not, your answer’s, 
                        “I don’t know.” You take a bead on 
                        the enemy, if he’s not there after 
                        you’ve pulled the trigger... well 
                        maybe you got him or maybe he just 
                        moved. But when you hit one of them, 
                        when you see that pink mist and know 
                        it’s a “confirmed”... how could you 
                        not remember a thing like that?

                                 NORMAN
                        Maybe the neuroscientist behind 
                        that implant can answer that. I 
                        know that’s who your wife planned 
                        on seeking out. She mentioned a 
                        company involved in brain implant 
                        research and development, working 
                        off a government --

           Cut short as Norman’s head jerks unnaturally to the side --
           -- a bullet boring a sluiceway through his skull, blood 
           spewing from the exit wound like runoff from a drainage 
           culvert, Norman crumpling in anti-climatic death.

           Roger clocks the bullet’s path, eyes going to the window --

           -- sees the small hole in the glass between the half-drawn 
           curtains. Roger dives to the floor underneath the windows, 
           closing the curtains.

           EXT. RIDGE - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           The barrel of a M40A5 rifle, mounted with a sound suppressor, 
           protrudes from a hole burrowed into a snowdrift, serving as a 
           makeshift gun embrasure. Handling the weapon --

           -- Ambrose, steady breaths emitting vapor, eye fixed to his 
           telescopic sight, sweeping the cabin from his higher vantage.

           Communicating via a bone mic --

                                 AMBROSE
                        “Package Two” is wrapped. “Package 
                        One” is still in the fishbowl. 

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           Arroyo, tooled up in full tactical gear and night-vision 
           goggles, converges on the front of the cabin, draws him-  
           self flush to the wall adjacent to the front door.

                                 ARROYO
                             (into bone mic)
                        “Milkman One” in position. 

           At the cabin’s rear --

           -- Vickrey, similarly suited and booted, takes a breaching 
           position at the rear entrance.

                                 VICKREY
                             (into bone mic)
                        “Milkman Two” in position.

           Giving them the green-light --

                                 AMBROSE (O.S.)
                             (filtered)
                        Ring the bell. 

           Vickrey acts first, kicking in the back door and tossing in a 
           pair of flash-bangs. He ducks back out of the doorway as -- 
           -- the grenades detonate, irradiating the cabin inside with a 
           blinding magnesium flash, its concussive blast spider-webbing 
           the windows. 

           Arroyo enters first, yanking the front door, stepping in --

           -- a SPRAY of buckshot from the triggered shotgun lifts 
           Arroyo off his feet, launching him back into the snow.

           Hearing the discharge --

                                 VICKREY
                             (into bone mic)
                        We have engagement.

           Vickrey files through the back-door --

           INT. KITCHEN - LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           -- and UNLOADS, tracing the circumference of the cabin    
           with STRAFING GUNFIRE, perforating walls and furniture 
           indiscriminately, depleting an entire magazine.

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           Arroyo twitches, achingly uprights, the fragments of    
           spread-shot embedded in his Kevlar still smoldering. 

           Arroyo scurries to the front door, enters -- 

           INT. MAIN ROOM - LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           -- sees the damage left in the wake of Vickrey’s fusillade.   
           The cabin creaks, as if no longer structurally sound.

           Vickrey enters from the kitchen, slapping a fresh magazine  
           in his carbine. 

                                 AMBROSE (O.S.)
                             (filtered)
                        Confirm, do you have the second 
                        package?

           Arroyo surveys the detritus of shattered wood and broken 
           glass, notices the booby-trapped shotgun. 

                                 ARROYO
                             (into bone mic)
                        Negative. They had a shotgun blind-
                        rigged for pressure release.
           Arroyo and Vickrey begin sweeping the ground floor, clocking 
           everything -- 

           -- Norman’s lifeless form --

           -- dissipating embers in the fireplace --

           -- rising steam from the abandoned bowls of soup.

           Noticing the closed door of the staircase cupboard --

           -- Arroyo squeezes off a concentrated burst, stitching holes 
           across the door. Arroyo approaches, reaches for the doorknob, 
           pulling it open --  

           -- revealing only shredded coats and leaking canned preserves.

           No sign of anyone on the ground floor, Arroyo nods to the 
           second floor, begins climbing the stairs.

           Vickrey trains his weapon on the second floor landing from 
           below, covering Arroyo’s climb. But unbeknownst to Vickrey --

           -- dislodged grit trickles down on the fireplace grate 
           revealing --

           INSIDE THE CHIMNEY

           -- Roger, wedged above, entombed in the claustrophobic 
           confines of the bricked funnel, his outstretched limbs 
           supporting him, veins rippling from the strain as -- 

           SECOND FLOOR LANDING

           -- Arroyo moves for Norman’s bedroom, Vickrey covering him 
           from below. 

           Arroyo extends a hand for the closed door, raises his weapon 
           as he pulls the door open --  

           -- the attack comes lower than Arroyo anticipated, the wolf-
           dog lunging at the intruder with the unfamiliar scent. Arroyo 
           falls to the floor with the wolfdog, loses his weapon.

           Vickrey sees Arroyo fighting to keep the wolfdog’s canines 
           from his jugular, trains his gun on the dog just as --    

           INSIDE THE CHIMNEY

           -- hearing the commotion, Roger releases from his purchase 
           inside the chimney, falling to the bottom of the fireplace -- 
           -- losing his grip on his gun, dropping beneath the grate. 
           Exposed, knowing his diversion has only seconds remaining, 
           Roger abandons his hard-to-reach pistol, tumbling out.

           Vickrey catches movement in his peripheral, turns --

           -- finds Roger charging him like a speared bull. 

           Spinning his weapon on Roger --

           -- Roger collides into Vickrey, the momentum sending both men 
           crashing through a window --

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           -- cratering in the snow outside amidst a shower of glass, 
           Vickrey’s released carbine lost in the knee-high powder.

           Roger and Vickrey upright, square on each other. Vickrey 
           flicks open a tactical folding knife. 

           A tense beat as both men size one another up --

           -- Vickrey moves first, swiping at Roger’s midsection. Roger 
           ducks back, fabric torn across the waist. Quickly appraising 
           the damage, Roger sees no blood drawn. 

           Vickrey circles Roger like a boxer looking for an opening, 
           readying for a second strike. When Vickrey moves in again --

           -- Roger rushes him, catching Vickrey’s wrist, belaying the 
           knife. Fighting for sway of the blade -- 

           -- both men trade devastating blows, tenderizing each other’s 
           faces into hamburger patty, a visceral war of attrition --

           -- who can stay conscious the longest?

           Roger relents first, slipping around Vickrey, trying to 
           maneuver his arms into a chokehold.

           Vickrey counters with an elbow, manages to slip out of 
           Roger’s grasp, blindly driving the knife behind him --

           -- missing Roger’s face by inches, firmly implanting in the 
           bark of a tree. Vickrey tries uprooting the knife--

           -- impossible without a hydraulic winch, a sword in stone. 

           Unarmed, Roger and Vickrey allow each other a reprieve to 
           gather their breath. It isn’t a cessation of hostilities --

           -- merely an intermission. 
           Wind kicking up, a shearing spindrift reveals --

           -- Vickrey’s fallen carbine nestled in the snow, equidistant 
           to both men. The weapon’s manifestation doesn’t go unnoticed 
           by either Roger or Vickrey.

           A tense beat, like the quiet overture before a gun duel --

           -- then both men scramble for the weapon, Roger taking pole 
           position. Trailing --

           -- Vickrey launches himself at Roger, restraining Roger with 
           a tight headlock. Roger flails, trying to vault himself free 
           from Vickrey’s hold.

           Fixed on the weapon, Roger’s eyes widen when they spot --

           -- the teeth of the antiquated bear-trap jutting out from  
           the snow in front of the carbine. 

           Struggling with Vickrey affords Roger the pretext to kick 
           snow over the teeth, fully concealing the trap. 

           Roger then allows Vickrey to shift him away from the weapon. 

           Capitalizing on his favored proximity to the weapon, Vickrey 
           kicks Roger forward and turns, races for the carbine --

           -- abruptly halting mid-stride. Vickrey’s face loosens into  
           a curious expression as he looks down --

           -- sees the mouth of the bear-trap clamped around his leg, 
           teeth buried in his thigh.  

           EXT. RIDGE - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           In the green-lensed scope --

           -- Ambrose’s eye finds a clear line of sight on Roger in the 
           nocturnal spectrum. His reticle settles on Roger’s head --  

           -- when a SHRILL CRY from Vickrey over the bone mic causes 
           Ambrose to flinch, his scope jumping premature to the shot. 

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           The bullet RIPS through Roger’s shoulder, spinning him 
           around, sending him falling back against a tree. 

           Eyes quickly reverse-tracking the bullet’s trajectory, Roger 
           spots a distant muzzle flash --
           -- and instinctively ducks as a second bullet chews into the 
           tree behind him, splintering bark. 

           Gripping his shoulder, Roger flees into the forest, putting 
           the cabin between himself and the source of the sniper fire, 
           shielding his escape.

           INT. SECOND-FLOOR LANDING - LOG CABIN - NIGHT

           Arroyo kicks the motionless wolfdog off him, extracting his 
           knife from the dog’s underside. Retrieving his fallen weapon 
           off the floor, Arroyo rushes downstairs.

           EXT. LOG CABIN - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           As Ambrose arrives on the scene, Arroyo explodes out the 
           front door. Syncing up, they follow the MOANS, finding --

           -- Vickrey immobilized, a cataract of arterial blood running 
           down his leg, steaming the snow below into a roseate slush.  

                                 VICKREY
                             (desperate)
                        Get this fucking thing off me.

           As Arroyo moves to help him --

                                 AMBROSE
                        Don’t bother. You need a key to 
                        open those things. 

           Noting the torrent pumping from Vickrey’s sliced femoral like 
           a burst water-pipe --

                                 ARROYO
                        We got to do something for him. 
                        Before he has no more blood to 
                        lose.

                                 AMBROSE
                        Maybe he should try chewing through 
                        his leg? 

           Ambrose’s cavalier attitude drawing Vickrey’s ire --

                                 VICKREY
                             (through gritted teeth)
                        Get me to a fucking doctor.

                                 AMBROSE
                        I’ll do you one better.
           Ambrose raises his rifle, unceremoniously puts a bullet in 
           Vickrey’s frontal lobe. 

           Shocked, Arroyo raises his weapon on Ambrose.

                                 ARROYO
                        Fuck you do that for?

           Ambrose scoffs at Arroyo’s outrage, bends down over Vickrey’s 
           corpse, rummaging through his pockets.

                                 AMBROSE
                        It’s not as simple as calling in a 
                        medevac. 

           Finding what he was looking for on Vickrey’s person, Ambrose 
           uprights, approaches the raised barrel of Arroyo’s carbine. 

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        We can’t afford to handle little 
                        incidents like this indiscreetly. 

           Ambrose proffers Vickrey’s blood-stained check to Arroyo.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Wouldn’t you agree? 

           After a beat of due consideration --

           -- Arroyo accepts Ambrose’s proposal. He lowers his weapon 
           and snatches the check out of Ambrose’s hand. 

                                 ARROYO
                        You should have told me medical 
                        coverage wasn’t included when I 
                        accepted the position.

           Ambrose stiffens suddenly, ears pricking up. Arroyo stops, 
           listens --

           -- hears it too. They sprint for the forest. 

           EXT. STAGING AREA - BRITISH COLUMBIA WILDERNESS - NIGHT

           Ambrose and Arroyo emerge -- 

           -- and find one of their snowmobiles missing. Arroyo peers 
           out, sees the headlights of the seized snowmobile slashing 
           through the night. 

           Arroyo hops on one of the two remaining snowmobiles to give 
           chase, reaching for the start-cord --
           -- when Ambrose throws him to the ground. 

           Sprawled out in the snow --

                                 ARROYO
                        What the fuck man? He’s putting 
                        distance on us.

           Shining his barrel-mounted flashlight-- 

           -- Ambrose traces the snowmobile’s yanked ignition coil 
           feeding directly into the fuel tank.

           Arroyo pales at his impetuous, near-fatal lapse in judgement.

                                 AMBROSE
                        We’ll pick up his tracks again. 
                        Further down the trail. 

           EXT. BUS DEPOT - DAY

           A bustling transit hub off a lonely stretch of interstate.

           INT. HANDICAPPED BATHROOM - BUS DEPOT - DAY

           Roger stands with his back to the solitary bathroom’s mirror. 
           He peels away his sticky, imbrued shirt, revealing a caldera-
           like exit wound of both agglutinated and fresh blood.  

           Roger studies the exit wound, appraising the extent of the 
           cavitation, finds that the bullet passed clean through.

           Roger swabs the wound with gauze, grits his teeth as he 
           disinfects it with rubbing alcohol. Then he reaches for      
           a sewing kit on the sink.

           INT. MAIN ATRIUM - BUS DEPOT - DAY

           Wound sutured and dressed, Roger takes a seat amongst     
           other PASSENGERS, face knotted with discomfort. 

           The trail’s gone cold. Roger seems rudderless, defeated. 

           He reaches into his coat, pulls out the envelope --

           -- removes Jocelyn’s wedding ring from inside, handling it  
           as if it were a votive deposit from a lost culture.

           Roger studies the ring, sees that the fire from the medical 
           examiner’s office has fused the band to the diamond. Almost 
           fitting in a way. 
           Roger spots a phone booth across the atrium, heads for it. 
           Closing the accordion-style door, Roger inserts change and 
           dials. The call goes directly to voicemail.

                                 JOCELYN’S VOICE
                             (voicemail greeting)
                        Hi, you’ve reached Dr. Jocelyn 
                        Eberle. Please leave your name, 
                        number and a brief message after 
                        the beep and I’ll get back to you 
                        as soon as possible... 
                             (whimsical)
                        ... unless you’re my husband. 

           Roger hits the “pound” key, punches in his wife’s four-digit 
           code, needing to be reminded of the vow he made to his wife.

                                 AUTOMATED VOICEMAIL VOICE
                        You have two new messages. First 
                        new message. 

           Cuing up --

                                 SECRETARY’S VOICE
                        Good afternoon, this is Alicia from 
                        Dr. Schneider’s office. I’m calling 
                        to confirm that your first prenatal 
                        appointment is scheduled for Monday, 
                        the seventeenth. Please call back...

           The receiver slips from Roger’s hand, gut-shot by this newest 
           mutation of grief. 

           EXT. BUS DEPOT - DAY

           Roger bombs out of a fire exit, runs to the side of the    
           bus depot and pukes beside a dumpster.

           A shell of a man, Roger slides to the ground. He doesn’t cry 
           or scream. He just stares ahead, eyes faraway.

           Across the parking lot, Roger spots a MOTHER walking with her 
           seven-year-old DAUGHTER. Gripping Daughter’s hand tightly, 
           Mother hurries them past Roger, pegging Roger for a vagrant. 

           But Daughter straggles, her innocent, intrinsically kind  
           eyes connecting with Roger. It’s a look that conveys the 
           young girl’s capacity for empathy --

           -- and conjures memories of Jocelyn. 

           In hushed admonishment to Daughter --
                                 MOTHER
                        Stop staring at him. 

           But Daughter’s eyes never leave Roger as she’s pulled along -- 

           -- rousing Roger from his crippling despair.

           EXT. LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL FIELD - DAY

           A baseball diamond with manicured grass and an impeccably 
           groomed infield that rivals most professional ballparks, 
           played on by the heir apparents of the Washington elite. 

           As one team takes the field --

           -- ANDREW, the ten-year-old pitcher, moves for the mound, 
           shouldering the weight of having to face the meat of the 
           lineup in the bottom of the eighth with a one-run lead.

                                 BEAU (O.S.)
                        Come here Andrew.

           Andrew trots over to his team’s spectators side, approaches 
           his father -- Beau. Speaking in a conspiratorial hush --

                                 BEAU (CONT’D)
                        That Blaylock kid’s up first. And 
                        he can tie this up with one swing. 
                        Don’t let him squeeze that strike-
                        zone.

                                 ANDREW
                        You want me to brush him off?

                                 BEAU
                        I want you to wipe his chin. But  
                        don’t put the tying run on base 
                        either. Make sure you miss him. 
                        Just miss him high. Understand?

                                 ANDREW
                        I do.

           Beau dismisses Andrew with a curt nod. It feels more like 
           Beau’s grooming his successor rather than raising a son.

           As Andrew trots out to the mound, Beau walks back to the 
           bleachers where his wife CONNIE, well-preserved into her 
           thirties, is seated. She shoots her husband a look.

           As Beau moves to climb the bleachers --

           -- his pocket chirps. He digs out his cell, reads a text. 
           In terse parting to Connie --

                                 BEAU
                        I’m going to run to the concession 
                        stand. 

           Beau dashes off right as Andrew’s chin-music sends THE 
           BLAYLOCK KID to the dirt of the batter’s box, met with   
           cries of indignation from the opposing team’s bleachers.

           EXT. LITTLE LEAGUE CONCESSION STAND - DAY

           At the concession stand behind the outfield wall -- 

           -- Ambrose cherries a cigarette, tosses Arroyo his gold 
           lighter. Arroyo lights up as well, motions to throw the 
           lighter back to Ambrose --  

                                 AMBROSE
                        No, you keep it. Consider it part 
                        of your compensation package. 

           Shaking his head --

                                 ARROYO
                        No man, I can’t accept this. This 
                        should be like a family heirloom.  
                        A birthright or some shit to give 
                        to your kids.

                                 AMBROSE
                        I have no interest in disseminating 
                        my seed, first of all. And secondly, 
                        I have two more of those at home.

                                 ARROYO
                             (flummoxed)
                        Two more of these lighters?

                                 AMBROSE
                        When the Coalition Provisional 
                        Authority took up residence in 
                        Saddam’s Republican Palace, they 
                        found an entire crate of those    
                        in the basement. Buddy of mine    
                        in the Green Zone sent me a few. 
                             (off Arroyo’s look)
                        Hey, part of being coach is knowing 
                        how to motivate your team.

           As Beau approaches Ambrose and Arroyo --
           -- Horace, Beau’s shadow, appears from the side of the 
           concession stand, locks on Ambrose and Arroyo.

           Seeing Horace --

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Goddamn Horace, are you ever off  
                        the clock? I still remember when  
                        you used to shadow Forrest Loeb.  
                        You were like his mobile coat-rack. 
                        Until his forced retirement that is. 

           Nodding back to Beau --

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        You being with him, it’s almost 
                        Shakespearian in a way. Adopted    
                        by the man who orphaned you. But   
                        I suppose a dog can serve many 
                        masters in his lifetime.

           Though Horace offers nothing, that doesn’t necessarily mean 
           Ambrose isn’t picking at a scab.

                                 BEAU
                        Horace is a company man. Isn’t that 
                        right Horace?

           Moving past Arroyo, Beau motions for Ambrose to follow him 
           off to the side for a private audience --  

           -- leaving Arroyo and Horace alone. Nodding to Horace’s right-
           favoring nose --

                                 ARROYO
                        I’m a southpaw. So if you want, I 
                        can straighten that out for you.

           Horace doesn’t bite, a silent, inscrutable sphinx. 

           Beau and Ambrose walk, keeping their tone conversational.

                                 BEAU
                        Did you fulfill the contract?

                                 AMBROSE
                        I took care of the secondary  
                        target --

                                 BEAU
                             (quickly impatient)
                        But not the principal. So do you 
                        have any idea where he’s gone to 
                        ground?
                                 AMBROSE
                        I thought that given your access  
                        to certain company resources, we 
                        could expedite our search. 

                                 BEAU
                        Out of the question. I can’t      
                        have that name popping up in       
                        the registry.

                                 AMBROSE
                        You can’t cover you tracks? Like 
                        before?

                                 BEAU
                        The CIA surveillance index is like 
                        the surface of the moon. Accessing 
                        it leaves a lasting footprint.

                                 AMBROSE
                        And what are you so worried about? 
                        Are you under investigation? 

           Scoffing at Ambrose’s naivete --

                                 BEAU
                        Everyone in the company is under 
                        investigation. Goddamn janitor’s 
                        got an open file. No, this needs  
                        to stay off-campus.  
                             (turning on Ambrose)
                        And you need to start justifying 
                        your existence in this world. 

           But Ambrose is too distracted to register Beau’s threat, 
           looking up. Beau follows Ambrose’s gaze --

           -- watching as a baseball sails over the outfield fence, 
           plopping at Beau’s feet.

           Beau’s looks to the field, watching The Blaylock Kid rounding 
           the bases triumphantly, much to the chagrin of Andrew. 

           Goading Beau --

                                 AMBROSE
                        He hung that one up like a pinata.

           But Beau is struck with a thought.

                                 BEAU
                        I think I know where you can head 
                        him off.
           INT. INTERNET CAFE - DAY

           Roger sits at one of the computers, workspace inundated with 
           printouts of research, nearly twenty companies currently and 
           actively involved in brain implant technology listed on a pad.

           It’s clear Roger’s been at this for hours.

           Roger continues to scour the internet, calling up articles in 
           scholarly journals and newsmagazines -- an information orgy.

           LATER

           Coffee stale and no longer steaming. The pad listed with 
           suspect companies has grown exponentially over the hours -- 

           -- and not one has been crossed out. 

           The last of the patronage, Roger is hunched forward, finger-
           tips kneading his temples, blearily staring at the monitor. 

           The pretty BARISTA cleaning up tables approaches Roger.

                                 BARISTA
                        We’re going to be closing up sir.

           But Roger’s eyes narrow on the monitor, catching something.

                                 BARISTA (CONT’D)
                        Sir, we really are closing up now.

           Eyes never leaving the monitor, Roger pulls out a twenty.

                                 ROGER
                        Ten minutes. 

           Barista reluctantly pockets the twenty, resumes her cleanup.

           Roger fishes around his pocket, pulls out -- 

           -- the plastic bag with the implant. He removes it from the 
           bag, holds it up against the computer monitor, comparing it 
           with the implant displayed on screen.

           Roger studies the caterpillar of circuitry on screen, the 
           arched curvature that allows it to conform to the brain’s 
           uneven contours, its elegant filigree of wiring -- 

           -- it’s all identical to the one held in his hand.

           Roger scans the article profiling the company behind it --

           -- NeuroConcepts. Excerpts read --
           -- “... government contract awarded to NeuroConcepts.”

           -- “... advancements in brain-computer interface technology 
           that allow amputee veterans the ability to manipulate upper 
           and lower extremity prosthetic limbs via thought control.”

           -- “... NeuroConcepts enters test phase with innovative chip-
           implant sensor technology.”

           Roger focuses on the man pictured in the photo --

           -- DR. HASKELL FUCHS, late-fifties, eyes betraying a searing 
           intelligence, identified as the lead research scientist.

           Roger looks up NeuroConcepts’ base of operations --

           -- finds a Manhattan address. 

           EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - MIDTOWN MANHATTAN - DAY

           A blacked-out Lincoln pulls up in front.

           BODYGUARD ONE and BODYGUARD TWO, anonymous, broad-shouldered, 
           exit the car. Bodyguard One keeps watch, head on a swivel, as 
           Bodyguard Two opens the rear passenger door for --

           -- Dr. Haskell Fuchs. The imposing heavies escort Fuchs 
           through the office building’s revolving door --

           -- as Roger crosses the street, following them inside.

           INT. LOBBY - OFFICE BUILDING

           Flanked by his bodyguards, Fuchs walks to a bank of three 
           elevators in the back that go to the uppermost floors.

           As Fuchs and his bodyguards disappear inside an elevator --

           -- Roger watches, clocking them from across the lobby.

           INT. RESEARCH LAB - NEUROCONCEPTS - DAY

           An antiseptic, glassed-in space comprised of unoccupied     
           lab stations. In fact, Fuchs is the only person working   
           here. Bodyguard One monitors him from the lab’s doors.

           Fuchs taking notes as a rhesus monkey fitted in a harness, 
           arms restrained, a recording net of electrodes fastened to 
           its head, reaches for a black knob --
           -- using a robotic arm controlled by thought. The monkey 
           maneuvers the arm like an arcade crane claw, its gripper 
           appendage finding the black knob. 

           The monkey puts its mouth to a nearby straw for a drink 
           reward as the arm resets and the black knob repositions. 

           Fuchs oversees the experiment with a lack of verve and 
           interest, completely and utterly bored.

           As the monkey repeats the exercise, Fuchs charts data from 
           neuroimaging monitors, all the while HUMMING to himself -- 

           -- “The Ants Go Marching.” 

           INT. MAIN CORRIDOR - NEUROCONCEPTS - DAY

           Bodyguard Two makes quick work of a sandwich, facing the top 
           floor’s three elevators.

           He stops chewing when he sees --

           -- the floor numbers on the panel next to the right elevator 
           rising. Bodyguard Two tenses, reaches for his holstered gun, 
           not expecting any visitors.

           Bodyguard Two draws his weapon, flicks off the safety --

           -- PING. The elevator doors part --

           -- revealing a punctured fire extinguisher spewing sodium 
           bicarbonate like volcanic ash, obscuring visibility inside 
           the elevator.

           Bodyguard Two approaches, ready to fire at the first thing  
           to emerge from the elevator --

           -- PING, the middle elevator opens, the inside also veiled  
           in a dense, white mist from a pierced fire extinguisher.  

           Bodyguard Two sweeps around, shifting his gun between the  
           two elevators, favoring the middle -- 

           -- PING, the left elevator opens, flame-retardant vapor 
           billowing out. Bodyguard Two spins around, covering the   
           third portal -- 

           -- when two arms shoot out from the middle elevator, wrenching 
           Bodyguard Two inside, lost and enveloped in the flaky miasma. 
           INT. RESEARCH LAB - NEUROCONCEPTS - DAY

           Fuchs goes through the motions. He turns, sees that Bodyguard 
           One’s still fixed on him. It’s obvious that Fuchs hates being 
           watched. Makes him feel like a test animal.  

           Fuchs drops his notebook in disgust, undoes the monkey’s 
           restraints, reaches to remove the cap of electrodes --

           -- when the monkey snaps at Fuchs’ hands.

                                 FUCHS
                        You little shit. After this, I’m 
                        shipping you to a lab where they 
                        test the eye-irritancy levels of 
                        shampoo. 

           Fuchs opens a nearby drawer, reaching for a small, cellphone-
           sized electroshock prod. 

           The distinctive CLICK of a primed handgun. Fuchs turns --

           -- finds Roger pointing a gun at him, dusted in extinguisher 
           spray. Fuchs pales, a trace of recognition in his eyes.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Are you here to kill me?

                                 ROGER
                        We’ll start with some questions and 
                        go from there.

           Grabbing Fuchs by the shoulder --

                                 ROGER (CONT’D)
                        Let’s go to your office.

           -- and dragging Fuchs away, revealing the opened drawer --

           -- and the empty space where the electroshock prod was. 

           INT. DR. FUCHS’ OFFICE -- NEUORCONCEPTS - DAY

           Windows offering an encompassing view of midtown Manhattan. 

           Bodyguard One and Bodyguard Two, both bound and gagged, are 
           dropped to the floor in a heap. Roger motions Fuchs inside, 
           keeping the gun on him.

                                 FUCHS
                        Is it absolutely necessary to keep 
                        the gun on me?
                                 ROGER
                        Funny coming from a man who travels 
                        with an armed security detail.

           With a bitter snort --

                                 FUCHS
                        Bodyguards? Is that what you think? 
                        Those men are my jailors. And this 
                        place is my prison. They don’t even 
                        permit me research assistants.

                                 ROGER
                        So what are you, some kind of a 
                        political prisoner?

                                 FUCHS
                        No, I’m government property. These 
                        people believe they have exclusive, 
                        proprietary rights to the clockwork 
                        of my mind. Every gear and spring, 
                        from the algorithms I developed to 
                        decode a brain’s neuronal firings, 
                        to my recipe for spinach artichoke 
                        dip, they’re all intangible assets 
                        belonging to the CIA.

           Roger tosses the bagged brain implant at Fuchs. 

                                 ROGER
                        But isn’t that what they’re really 
                        after? Behavioral modification?

                                 FUCHS
                             (correction)
                        Behavioral manipulation.
                             (beat)
                        It began as translating cortical 
                        activity into programmable input 
                        that would permit the subject to 
                        “embody” a prosthetic device in 
                        real-time. But then I thought if   
                        I could codify the brain signals 
                        into a programming language with   
                        a governing set of syntactic and 
                        semantic rules, I could interface 
                        with the subject’s brain much like 
                        a computer operating system. And 
                        execute commands.

                                 ROGER
                        Like shooting up a courthouse full 
                        of innocent people?
                                 FUCHS
                        That was unintended. A corruption 
                        written into the subject’s kernel. 
                        Possibly some anti-pattern missed 
                        by the check-routines.  

           Without warning, Roger FIRES, shattering a desk-lamp. Fuchs 
           recoils, looks to Roger fearfully. 

                                 ROGER
                        It was a massacre. Not a fucking 
                        computer glitch. 

                                 FUCHS
                        What about what you do Mr. Eberle? 
                        How many villages in the Kandahar 
                        Province have experienced declining 
                        census numbers due to “unattributed 
                        explosions” from drone strikes? 

           Met with a quizzical expression.

                                 ROGER
                        You know who I am?
                             (putting it together)
                        A guy walks into your office, sticks 
                        a gun in your face and you don’t ask 
                        who he is and what he wants?

                                 FUCHS
                        It’s because I know what you want.

           Fuchs moves for his desk.

                                 ROGER
                        Not another step.

           With raised arms -- 

                                 FUCHS
                        It’s on my computer. 

           After some deliberation --

                                 ROGER
                        Alright. But just know, you can 
                        pull out a chain-gun and you’ll 
                        still die first. 

           Fuchs moves around his desk to his computer, Roger shadowing 
           him, monitoring Fuchs as he calls up an encryption screen on 
           his monitor, keying in a star-symboled code, accessing --

           -- The Disciple Program. 
           A large index of files, all designated by biblical names. 
           Fuchs clicks into a file marked “Simon” --

           -- a picture of Darryl Lee Unger appears on the screen along 
           with a complete dossier. Fuchs clicks on an embedded video.

                                 FUCHS
                        This is how it works.

           ON THE COMPUTER MONITOR

           Steady handheld footage showing Darryl restrained to a metal, 
           bolted-down chair, the top of his head swaddled in strips of 
           medical gauze. The setting seems subterranean. Clandestine. 

           Narrating the proceedings from behind the camera --

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE
                        Disciple “Simon” eight days post-
                        implantation.

           As Darryl continues to yell and buck in his chair, the camera 
           lowers, showing a device with acoustically-transparent fabric 
           and an alphanumeric key panel. 

           A hand reaches down, punches in a sequence of keys into the 
           device, activating it. It begins to emit a low HUM. 

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE (CONT’D)
                        The device you see here emits what  
                        we refer to as an “arming sequence,” 
                        a high-frequency acoustic signature 
                        indiscernible to the human ear. But 
                        all disciples are surgically fitted 
                        with cochlear transmitters to receive 
                        the sonic activation, which triggers 
                        the brain implant.

           The camera rights on Darryl, eerily still now, trancelike. 

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE (CONT’D)
                        As you can see, the disciple’s been 
                        activated.

           Darryl speaks with a robotic modulation.

                                 DARRYL
                        Designate access permissions.

           Addressing Darryl --

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE
                        Sierra, Whiskey, Victor, Seven, 
                        Six, Six, Niner. Authenticate.
           After a brief pause --

                                 DARRYL
                        Administrative privileges granted. 
                        Welcome host user. 

           Fuchs enters frame, unfastens Darryl’s restraints. 

                                 FUCHS
                        At attention Private.

           Darryl uprights, puppeteered by Fuchs’ words.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Private, would you please approach 
                        the table saw.

           The camera follows Darryl as he approaches a table saw, 
           moving like a man in a fugue state.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Switch on the table saw Private.

           Darryl reaches his arm to the underside of the table saw, 
           turns it on, the toothed circular blade velocity-smearing. 

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Now Private, I want you to put  
                        your face as close to the blade    
                        as possible without touching.

           Without hesitation, Darryl lowers his head mere millimeters 
           from the blade, the blade fanning his hair and rippling his 
           cheeks. But Darryl doesn’t so much as blink, devoid of fear. 

           The demonstration video ends there.

           BACK TO SCENE

           Roger glares up at Fuchs, who flashes him a gloating smile.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Remarkable, isn’t it?

           Roger shoots a hand to Fuchs’ throat. Fuchs crumples to the 
           floor, struggling to regain his breath. As Fuchs reaches to 
           hoist himself back up by the corner of the desk -- 

           -- Roger boots him back to the ground. 

                                 ROGER
                        You stay right there you son-of-   
                        a-bitch. 
           Fuchs remains on the floor --

           -- the commotion having masked his act of slick legerdemain, 
           snatching a tiny remote control from his desk without notice. 

           With the gun levelled on Fuchs, Roger works the mouse with 
           his free hand, clicking into The Disciple Program’s files.

           More profiles of soldiers pop up. A directory of “sleepers.”

           Fuchs slides his fingers discreetly under his leg, presses a 
           button on the remote control --

           -- triggering a flat-screen monitor to quietly rise up from  
           a cabinet piece behind Roger.

                                 FUCHS
                        My parents forced me to go to bible 
                        study classes when I was young. And 
                        there was this detestable nun there 
                        who made us memorize the names of 
                        all twelve apostles, along with the 
                        seventy disciples. None of it was 
                        of particular interest to me. But  
                        I never did forget Matthias, the 
                        disciple chosen to replace the more 
                        commercially-minded Judas.

           Taking a cue from Fuchs’ cryptic words, Roger scrolls through 
           the files, finds one marked “Matthias,” clicks into it --

           -- and is met with a photograph of himself. Roger’s world is 
           sent spinning off its axis. He focuses on a picture of him-
           self under heavy sedation, laid out on an operating table --

           -- head braced in a skull clamp, scalp peeled back like an 
           orange rind, revealing the glistening, rugose brain tissue 
           underneath. 

           With the flat-screen fully risen unbeknownst to Roger, Fuchs’ 
           fingers spider-crawl for a button -- 

           -- the monitor turns on with a blaring sales-pitch video. 
           Roger spins around, puts a bullet through the monitor. 

           Roger distracted, Fuchs leaps up, jabs the electroshock prod 
           into Roger’s spine. A blue arc dancing between the electrodes 
           snaps at Roger, sending him to the floor in a convulsive heap. 

           Fuchs retrieves Roger’s fallen gun, levels it on Roger. 

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Unless you have a pacemaker, you 
                        should be fit to stand. 
           Fuchs keeps a safe distance as Roger slowly uprights and 
           finds his equilibrium.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Have a seat Mr. Eberle. And please 
                        grip the armrests with five fingers.

           Roger settles into the chair opposite Fuchs’ desk, fingers 
           outstretched over the armrests. 

           Still grasping with what he saw on the computer screen --

                                 ROGER
                        You have one of those implants... 
                        in my head?

                                 FUCHS
                        Right on your motherboard. Strange, 
                        isn’t it? To know something’s there 
                        you can’t quite feel?

           Shaking his head, disbelieving --

                                 ROGER
                        When... did you?

           Keeping the gun on Roger, Fuchs moves closer to the bound, 
           wiggling bodyguards.

                                 FUCHS
                        When your helicopter went down.  
                        Our people found you before the 
                        response recovery team did. 
                             (beat)
                        Think about it. What can you recall 
                        from that week you went missing? 

           Roger considers this, realizes the frightening truth in 
           Fuchs’ words. 

                                 ROGER
                        Why did you choose me?

           Now looming over the bodyguards --

                                 FUCHS
                        Ideal circumstances make for an 
                        ideal candidate.

           Fuchs turns his gun on Bodyguard One and Two, FIRING TWICE, 
           executing both men without flourish or fuss.   

           Roger tenses, looks like he’s about to spring up --
           -- Fuchs swings the gun back around on Roger.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        Please Mr. Eberle, the seat-belt 
                        lights are still on. And consider 
                        that because you are defective, I 
                        would not hesitate decommissioning 
                        you altogether.

           Settling back into the chair --

                                 ROGER
                        Defective?

           Fuchs comes around his desk, calls up an audio log on his 
           computer.

                                 FUCHS
                        Before they set the hounds on you, 
                        we tried your “deactivation code,” 
                        which meant one day they’d open up 
                        your garage and find you sitting in 
                        your car, exhaust fumes thick enough 
                        to choke a hippopotamus wafting out. 
                        Alas, you were found to be less than 
                        receptive.

           Fuchs clicks on the audio log. Ringing is heard. Then a  
           voice answers.

                                 ROGER’S VOICE
                        Hello? Hello?
                             (beat)
                        I’ll be here. All night.

           The recording cuts out.

                                 ROGER
                        That was you?

                                 FUCHS
                        Yes. And what you couldn’t hear on 
                        the other end of the line was your 
                        “arming sequence.” 

           Nodding to the bandaged contusion on Roger’s head from when 
           he was tackled outside the medical clinic --

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        I can only assume that bump to the 
                        head knocked something loose. 

           Piecing it together --
                                 ROGER
                        It wasn’t just Darryl Lee Unger   
                        Jocelyn was investigating, was it? 
                        She found out I was a disciple too.

                                 FUCHS
                        Your wife proved quite resourceful. 

           Spitting the words out like poison -- 

                                 ROGER
                        You killed her.

                                 FUCHS
                        Not I Mr. Eberle. 

           Fuchs reaches over, clicks on another audio log.

           Once again ringing is heard. Then a groggy voice answers.

                                 ROGER’S VOICE
                        Hello?

           Nothing audible, yet an imperceptible shift can be sensed, 
           like the ominous calm that presage thunderclouds.

           With a flat monotone and cadenced breaths --

                                 ROGER’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        Designate access permissions. 

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE
                        November, Mike, Echo, Kilo, Echo, 
                        Two, Five, Seven. Authenticate.

           After a brief pause, a familiar sequence of words is heard.

                                 ROGER’S VOICE 
                        Administrative privileges granted. 
                        Welcome host user.

                                 FUCHS’ VOICE
                        Where is your wife, Lieutenant? 

                                 ROGER’S VOICE
                             (automatic)
                        Downstairs. In the kitchen.

           Fuchs cuts the recording, watching with analytic curiosity as 
           Roger grapples with the implications of what he just heard.
                                 FUCHS
                        We gave you specific instructions. 
                        Where you could find the stroke- 
                        kit. How to inject your wife. And 
                        that once you executed command, to 
                        return to bed and fall back asleep. 
                        It was as easy as pushing a button.

           Roger’s universe implodes. It’s beyond comprehension.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        The hardware was designed to insure 
                        anything done while “activated” was 
                        blacked out of your anamnesis. Like 
                        a redaction. Or at least in theory.

           Fuchs comes around the desk, regards Roger with probing  
           eyes, genuinely curious.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        You really have no data remanence  
                        concerning your wife’s murder, do 
                        you? No stray memory fragment? No 
                        experiential recall or abreactive 
                        episodes? Not even one nightmare 
                        about what really transpired that 
                        morning in your backyard? 

           Roger offers silent confirmation, ghostly white, nauseous 
           with guilt. Fuchs nods to himself with a prideful smile.

                                 FUCHS (CONT’D)
                        They were reluctant to activate you, 
                        citing your emotional attachment to 
                        the kill-element as an incalculable 
                        variable. But I knew you would work.
                             (raising his sidearm)
                        Thank you Mr. Eberle. That will be 
                        all.

           Roger looks up without objection or entreaty, welcoming the 
           bullet.

           Fuchs’ finger tickling the trigger --

                                 AMBROSE (O.S.)
                        That’s not the play you want to 
                        make here Dr. Fuchs.

           Casting a sidelong glance --

           -- Fuchs finds Ambrose and Arroyo fanning out from the office 
           door, both with silenced pistols trained on him.
                                 FUCHS
                        I represent forty-seven million 
                        dollars in black-budget defense 
                        spending. 

                                 AMBROSE
                        And if you don’t put your gun   
                        down, I’ll have fired a forty       
                        -seven million dollar bullet.

           Fuchs begrudgingly complies, lets the gun fall from his hands.

           As Ambrose steps over the bodies of the bodyguards --

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Gave them a half-day I see.

           Ambrose reaches for Fuchs’ gun, tucks it into his waistband.

           Ambrose turns to Roger, sees he’s a hollow-eyed shell, an 
           excavation site where his soul used to be.

                                 AMBROSE (CONT’D)
                        Broke it to him easy then, huh doc?

                                 FUCHS
                        Who are you?

                                 AMBROSE
                        I’m your chaperone for a little 
                        field trip we’ll be taking. And 
                        don’t worry, your friend Witten 
                        signed your permission slip.

           INT. MAIN CORRIDOR - NEUROCONCEPTS - DAY

           Moving in a single-file procession, Ambrose covering Fuchs  
           in front with Arroyo escorting Roger in the back.

           Roger moves listlessly, marching to his death without a 
           faltering step.  

           Fuchs seems less accepting, eyes scheming, desperate.

           Just as they’re about to reach the elevator --

           -- a blur of movement draws everyone’s attention, Ambrose  
           and Arroyo raising their pistols --

           -- tracing the scampering form of the test monkey. 

           But Arroyo has made a fatal error, having put himself in 
           close proximity to Roger.
           And in that instant, Roger’s face morphs, eyes shifting like 
           the cloudy, nictitating membranes of a shark in “hunter mode.”

           Roger backs into Arroyo, arms working Arroyo into a wrist-
           lock. Joints hyperextend, ligaments tear --

           -- and Roger controls him. The gun falls from Arroyo’s grasp 
           as Roger pulls him closer, whips his head back --

           -- reverse head-butting Arroyo, Roger’s steel-reinforced head 
           connecting with Arroyo’s nose, bifurcating Arroyo’s neck like 
           a snapped pencil with a sickening CRUNCH. 

           Arroyo drops to his knees, nose deflated like a pin-popped 
           balloon, neck bent with a grotesque elasticity --  

           -- unequivocally dead. And trust that it took longer to 
           describe than it did to transpire.

           Alerted to the fracas behind him, Ambrose pivots --

           -- sees Roger darting down a hallway. Ambrose FIRES, pocking 
           the corner wall, losing his angle on Roger. 

           A DING is heard. Ambrose turns back --

           -- sees Fuchs has slipped away in the commotion, catching   
           his last glimpse of him behind the merging elevator doors.   
           Ambrose squeezes off several rounds -- 

           -- the bullets indenting the elevator doors inward --

           -- but unable to penetrate through.

           Cutting his losses, Ambrose turns his attention back to his 
           primary target -- Roger.

           Ambrose moves past Arroyo’s deathly inert form, sees Arroyo’s 
           fallen gun --

           -- knows Roger’s unarmed.

           Taking cautious steps, Ambrose rounds the same corner Roger 
           took, entering --

           INT. OFFICE WING - NEUROCONCEPTS - DAY

           A bullpen of vacant offices. All the doors are closed --

           -- and Roger could be hiding behind any one of them.  

           Ambrose proceeds, antennae raised, leading with his silenced 
           pistol, tracking his game. He reaches the first door --
           -- kicks it open and sweeps the room with his pistol --

           -- no sign of Roger. Just unused phone cables and dusty 
           furniture.

           Ambrose moves to the next door, boots it in -- 

           -- no prize. But Ambrose’s eyes lock on the empty fire ax 
           cabinet in the wall. 

           Undeterred, Ambrose continues to the third door, finds --

           -- a storage space comprised of upper extremity prostheses 
           and compressed air cylinders for their pneumatic functioning. 

           Ambrose turns, looks at the last office door. Having flipped 
           over every other thimble, Ambrose now knows where the pea is. 

           Ambrose approaches, raises his foot, breaches --

           -- finds Roger standing there, holding the fire-ax above his 
           head, one of the high-pressure air tanks perched on a chair --

           -- and aimed directly at the doorway.

           In the moment it takes for Ambrose to register the trap --

           -- Roger brings the fire-ax down, beheading the safety valve, 
           the escaping pressurized air giving the cylinder a ballistic 
           propulsion --

           -- torpedo-launching at Ambrose, catching him in his mid-
           section, leaving a white contrail in its wake.

           The cylinder rockets down the hallway, Ambrose a flailing 
           hood ornament --

           -- its flight path ending abruptly when it hits a wall, sheet-
           rock CRACKING, Ambrose catching the brunt of the impact.

           Ambrose drops, a shriveled husk of granulated bone, unmoving.

           Roger arrives on the scene, coldly regards the wreckage that 
           is Ambrose. Roger leans down, looking for confirmation.

                                 ROGER
                        You said the name “Witten”?

           Blood bubbling from his mouth, a scratch of words --

                                 AMBROSE
                        Beau... Witten. 

           And then a faint smile, Ambrose happy to condemn the man.
           Roger moves for the elevator, driven by a biblical wrath --

           -- leaving Ambrose to quietly expire in solitude.

           EXT. WITTEN RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           A Victorian colonial without the ostentatious trappings shared 
           by some of its counterparts on the tree-lined street.  

           INT. STUDY - WITTEN RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Beau passed out in a recliner, a half-empty bottle of scotch 
           resting on the chair’s arm, seated before a muted television 
           displaying a news report on the incident at NeuroConcepts.

           A clamorous RUMBLING stirs Beau awake.

           INT. GARAGE - WITTEN RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           The tumble dryer next to the washing machine QUAKES. What-
           ever’s oscillating within its drum is creating quite a stir.

           Beau appears in the darkened garage’s doorway, disheveled, 
           tying off his robe. He switches on the lights, approaches  
           the inextricably running dryer, turns it off.

           Irritated, Beau opens the dryer’s door --

           -- finds boots haphazardly thrown in. Off Beau’s confusion --

                                 ROGER (O.S.)
                        Turn around slowly.

           Beau’s face drops. He turns around as Roger materializes  
           from the shadows, gun raised.

                                 BEAU
                             (beseechingly)
                        My wife and son are upstairs.

                                 ROGER
                        No. They’re staying at the ski 
                        house in Maine for the weekend.

           Caught, Beau looks into Roger’s steely eyes, gauging his 
           presence of mind, whether or not he’s been “activated.” 

                                 BEAU
                        And you’re here... of your own 
                        volition?
           Which incites Roger to march up to Beau and pistol-whip   
           him, dropping Beau. Practically frothing at the mouth --

                                 ROGER
                        You had me murder my own wife.

           The blood leaking from Beau’s split lip is an alien sight to 
           the career analyst, having forgotten he can spill it too.

                                 BEAU
                             (defending his life)
                        And you think that’s the sum of my 
                        efforts. When The Disciple Program 
                        was first initiated, we focused on 
                        the radicals anxious to cash in on 
                        the promise of seventy-two virgins. 
                        The idea was that if we caught one 
                        of these would-be martyrs, we could 
                        reverse-program them, release them, 
                        and have them blow up in the hands 
                        of their handlers.
                             (spitting out blood)
                        We called it “hot potato.”

                                 ROGER
                        But then you turned it on Americans. 

                                 BEAU
                        “All enemies, foreign and domestic.” 
                        As a serviceman, you must think the 
                        ultimate sacrifice one can make for 
                        his country is giving his life. But 
                        sacrificing one’s soul is a greater 
                        price to pay. And I’ve been eating 
                        this country’s sins for the better 
                        part of the past decade. 

                                 ROGER
                        You’re a true patriot. I’ll see to it 
                        they chisel your star onto the wall.

           Just as Roger raises his gun for the killshot --

           -- a familiar voice from the doorway.

                                 HORACE (O.S.)
                        Set it on the floor Mr. Eberle.

           Beau looks to the garage’s doorway, relieved to find Horace --

           -- but Roger doesn’t lower his gun, knowing he could kill 
           Beau before being killed himself, at a deadly impasse.
                                 HORACE (CONT’D)
                        One one hundredth of a second. 
                        That’s approximately how long    
                        you’ll have your vengeance. 

           A charged beat --

           -- then Roger drops the gun. 

                                 HORACE (CONT’D)
                        Kick it away.

           Roger complies, sending his weapon skittering away.

           Keeping his gun trained on Roger, Horace steps around Roger, 
           maintaining a wide berth, sidling up next to Beau.

           Remembering how to breathe again, Beau turns to his savior. 

                                 BEAU
                        I have painter’s plastic upstairs. 
                        We can --

           Horace cuts Beau off, interlocking his arms around Beau’s 
           head, forcing a nasal inhaler up a nostril, administering    
           Beau with something that quickly renders him unconscious.

           Slumped in his arms, Horace gently lays Beau on the floor, 
           turns to a bewildered Roger.

                                 HORACE
                        Mr. Witten wouldn’t shoot himself. 
                        He doesn’t even own a gun. Not to 
                        mention it’s inconsistent with his 
                        personal grooming habits.

           Horace bends down, wipes Beau’s nose with a disinfectant wipe.  

                                 ROGER
                        I don’t understand.

                                 HORACE
                        Moisturizers. Deep pore cleansers. 
                        A man plagued by obsessive vanity 
                        would not blow his own head apart. 

           Horace removes a length of thick rope from his jacket.

                                 HORACE (CONT’D)
                        Nor would he overdose considering 
                        his wife’s religious leanings have 
                        kept the medicine cabinets stocked 
                        with only organic, herbal remedies 
                        over the years.
           Using a nearby step-ladder, Horace reaches up and ties off 
           one end of the rope to an overhead pipe -- 

           -- revealing the other end of the rope to be a noose.

                                 HORACE (CONT’D)
                        This is how Mr. Witten would choose 
                        to tender his resignation.

                                 ROGER
                        But... why would he...

                                 HORACE
                        ... opt out? To avoid being brought 
                        before a Senate oversight committee. 
                        To spare himself that disgrace. And 
                        the company. 

                                 ROGER
                        But he was your boss. 

                                 HORACE
                        I’m a company man. And you can’t 
                        bury something like this without    
                        a body.
                             (beat)
                        You should leave now. Because if   
                        my superiors find out about you, 
                        well, you are the type of man who 
                        would turn a gun on himself.

           With that still hanging in the air, Roger shoots one last 
           glance at the forsaken Beau before exiting.

           INT. DARKENED MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Two sleeping forms faintly discernible in the moonlight. A 
           phone RINGS on a bedside table.

           A hand reaches from the bed, tugs on the lamp’s chain --

           -- light revealing a bleary-eyed Graydon, Beau’s rival CIA 
           colleague, and his matronly WIFE still asleep next to him. 
           Graydon picks up the phone.

                                 GRAYDON
                        Yes?

                                                              INTERCUT:
           INT. GARAGE - WITTEN RESIDENCE - NIGHT

           Horace watches as Beau’s pendulous legs cease twitching, a 
           toppled chair below. Into his cell --

                                 HORACE
                        It’s done.

                                 GRAYDON
                        I appreciate the call.

           Graydon hangs up, kisses his sleeping wife on the cheek and 
           falls back asleep -- with a clear conscience. 

           EXT. DESERT ESTATE - DAY

           Rippling heat with an aridity index that saps you of spit. 
           The luxurious compound lies amidst the dunes like an oasis.

           EXT. POOL PAVILION - DESERT ESTATE - DAY

           SERVANTS in white robes carry platters of fruit across        
           a platform leading to an impressive terrace “islanded”       
           in the middle of a pool. 

           The dutiful servants set the platters amidst evaporative 
           cooling fans before quietly excusing themselves --

           -- not wishing to interrupt the meeting in progress. 

           On one side of the gathering sits FAISAL, early-thirties, 
           benefactor of terrorism, alongside HASSAN, late-thirties,    
           a Yemeni jihadist who’s rightfully earned his spot on the   
           CIA kill-list. Both men wear a traditional Arab headdress.  

           Opposite them sits --

           -- Dr. Haskell Fuchs, a pasty tourist. Fuchs takes in the 
           fruit plates, the slices of imported melon, the bountiful 
           cluster of grapes, and turns back to his hosts.

                                 FUCHS
                        When Moses sent chieftains from the 
                        Twelve Tribes to scout out the Land 
                        of Canon and report back whether it 
                        was conquerable, they returned with 
                        a cluster of grapes as large as what 
                        you have here. But I suppose neither 
                        of you have heard that story. 

           Addressing Fuchs in genteel, Cambridge-laced English -- 
                                 FAISAL
                        As a matter of fact Dr. Fuchs, I   
                        do know that story. And as I recall,  
                        the majority of Moses’ twelve spies, 
                        frightened by the fortified cities 
                        and giants they had seen, reported 
                        that their “promised land” could 
                        neither be claimed nor conquered. 
                        And the Israelites, lacking both 
                        faith and resolve, believed them.

           Hassan confers with Faisal in Arabic, Faisal acting as his 
           interpreter. Faisal turns back to Fuchs. 

                                 FAISAL (CONT’D)
                        As Brother Hassan points out, it’s 
                        not that we fail to recognize the 
                        existence of the infidels. Rather, 
                        it’s that we don’t recognize their 
                        right to a continued existence. 

                                 FUCHS
                        So with that in mind, what are your 
                        thoughts on my proposition?

           Faisal translates for Hassan. After another exchange in non-
           subtitled Arabic --

                                 FAISAL
                        Brother Hassan feels it is a very 
                        costly endeavor.

                                 FUCHS
                        You’re the purse Faisal. Hassan’s 
                        just another hand that reaches in. 
                        Now given I’m not privy to what’s  
                        on your balance sheets, I’m pretty 
                        sure you could finance this project 
                        by dipping into your champagne fund.

                                 FAISAL
                        The money I give you is money I   
                        do not give to our holy warriors. 
                        This is what you must understand.

           Circumventing the middleman, turning directly to Hassan --

                                 FUCHS
                        You gave yourself away Hassan, when 
                        your eyes went to the grapes at my 
                        mention of them. So I’ll tell you 
                        now what I understand. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 FUCHS (CONT'D)
                        Your network’s at a point right now 
                        where they can’t even get a printer 
                        cartridge past customs. And your 
                        recruits from within the US, well 
                        without putting too fine a point on 
                        it, they aren’t exactly “mastermind” 
                        material. As I see it, my proposal 
                        offers you a viable alternative. An 
                        implanted tourist can be “activated” 
                        with one phone call. We’re talking 
                        about people who don’t pop up on the 
                        American “no-fly” lists. People from 
                        non-profiled countries. The perfect 
                        sleepers.

           Faisal starts to translate but Hassan waves him off, leaning 
           forward, eyes that could bore a hole in reinforced steel.

                                 HASSAN
                             (accented English)
                        What you are offering, how do we 
                        know this is for real?

           Meeting Hassan’s gaze --

                                 FUCHS
                        Because if I was a speck on the 
                        horizon and you were standing at 
                        the CIA’s doorstep, they’d shove 
                        you aside to take a shot at me.

           After a protracted stare-off, Hassan eases back.

                                 HASSAN
                        We accept your proposal.

           EXT. DESERT ESTATE - DAY

           Faisal leads Fuchs out the front entrance as a VALET pulls  
           up in a weatherbeaten, nineties-era Range Rover. 

           Throwing his hands up in mock disgust --

                                 FAISAL
                        Allah forgive me but such vulgar 
                        means of transport brings immense 
                        disgrace to my home. I shall give   
                        you a new car and provide you with 
                        your own driver and security team.

           Walking to his car --
                                 FUCHS
                        I appreciate that, but these days I 
                        prefer to keep my own company.

           Fuchs hops into his Ranger Rover and drives away.

           EXT. DESERT ROAD - DAY

           The Range Rover travels the only thoroughfare in sight.

           INT. RANGE ROVER - DAY

           Fuchs drives, tapping his fingers on the steering wheel, a 
           buoyancy that suggests he’s optimistic about his prospects, 
           WHISTLING his signature “The Ants Go Marching.”

           His satellite phone RINGS. He reaches for it in the middle 
           console, brings it to his ear.

                                 FUCHS
                        Yes?

                                 ROGER’S VOICE
                        How did your meeting go Dr. Fuchs?

           Fuchs’ breath catches, slamming the brakes, bringing the 
           Range Rover to a screeching halt.

           Fuchs’ eyes nervously track ahead then dart to the rearview --

           -- no one in sight for miles in either direction.

                                 ROGER’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        I’m sure you impressed them. I just  
                        hope they didn’t pay you in advance.

           Fuchs’ vocal chords disentangle.

                                 FUCHS
                        Where are you?

                                 ROGER’S VOICE
                        Not as close as you think.

           Then it hits Fuchs, his eyes scanning the skies --

           -- seeing a metallic glint high above. He lets out a faint 
           whimper, a man who’s just been given a terminal diagnosis.

                                 ROGER’S VOICE (CONT’D)
                        You were right Dr. Fuchs. It’s as 
                        easy as pushing a button.
           Roger CLICKS off. 

           Fuchs lets the phone fall, reaches for the air-conditioning 
           dial, cranking it to full blast.

           EXT. DESERT ROAD - DAY

           One moment the Range Rover is there. The next --

           -- obliterated, lost in an eruption of fiery debris.

           INT. TRAILER EIGHTEEN - HUMBOLDT AIRFORCE BASE - DAY

           Roger watches the fireball on his GCS’s monitor, fixed on the 
           incandescent mushroom. Behind Roger, Colonel Olmsted observes.

           Both men turn to Gil, monitoring the drone’s diagnostics   
           and flight path from his laptop. 

                                 GIL
                        According to its transponder code, 
                        the drone hasn’t left the base. 

           The translation being that they’re in the clear. Roger turns 
           to Olmsted, can’t find the words.

                                 OLMSTED
                        Just make sure it’s back in the 
                        garage before Dad gets home.

           Olmsted turns and exits. Roger swivels back to his GCS, 
           begins directing the drone back to base. 

           EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY

           Picturesque, middle-America suburbia where American flags 
           hang over almost every door and people cut their own lawns.

           A car pulls up in front of one home.

           INT. CAR - DAY

           Roger at the wheel. He looks at the mailbox to confirm the 
           address, consults paperwork stacked in the passenger seat --

           -- files on every active asset in The Disciple Program, along 
           with their biblical aliases, taken from Fuchs’ office.  

           The file Roger removes shows a familiar face --
           -- Paul Meacham, the fourth member of the missing fire-team 
           Norman spoke of back at his cabin. 

           Roger looks out the window, sees PAUL presiding over a kettle 
           barbecue as his WIFE and SON set the picnic table, the purity 
           of this moment sacred --

           -- and the impetus that will drive Roger’s crusade. As Roger 
           exits the car and crosses the front lawn, we gradually --

                                                         FADE TO BLACK.
