                                   THE BEAST

                                  Written by

                                 Aaron W. Sala

         Verve/Madhouse Ent.
           HIGH ABOVE THE ISLAND

           The cloud floats past us and we can see it, sitting in the 
           middle of the deep blue ocean. Imperfectly shaped, an 
           awkward, curving splotch of land.

           It is lush and green, a steep cliff where it meets the water 
           on one side and a long beach on the other.

           It is maybe 3 miles in diameter at its widest point.

           CLOSER

           As we glide over a tropical forest canopy.

           This is the place travel brochures promise and never deliver.

           Something rustles a patch of trees.

           A FLOCK OF BIRDS erupts from that section of the canopy. They 
           gather, then make their way:

           OVER THE SEA

           Squawking and rustling the wind with their flapping wings. We 
           watch them FROM BELOW, as they pass over us.

           Our gaze lowers.

           JUST ATOP THE WATER

           As we move up and down with the gently bobbing waves.

           The ocean is calm and beautiful in the afternoon sun.

           Something slowly drifts into view.

           A seat cushion. The kind you see on airplanes.

           It passes by us, and the ocean is empty again.

           But something else passes by: a glass minibar bottle.

           Then a torn scrap of clothing.

           Pieces of metal, large and small, torn and jagged.

           An open suitcase, spilling its contents into the ocean.

           More random pieces of clothing.

           Another, larger shape floats by. As it gets closer, we see: 
           It’s a BODY. Facedown in the water amongst the debris.

           One or two more corpses bob up and down, farther away from 
           us. None look like they’ve been in the water very long.

           It all passes by and we are alone again for a moment.

           And then SHE BURSTS INTO VIEW.

           Splashing around as she flails for her life.

           She erupts from the surface, gasping for air. Scrambles to 
           keep her head above water.

           Looking frantically for something, anything, to grab on to.

           She latches onto the corpse. It very quickly starts to sink 
           under her weight and she struggles to stay on top of it.

           Finally she spies the floating seat cushion.

           She lets go of the body and swims towards the seat cushion 
           with everything she can muster.

           It slips out of her grasp the first time she reaches for it 
           and she goes under the surface.

           She kicks back up, re-orienting herself to the cushion.

           This time when she lunges, she wraps both arms around it.

           Panting hard, utterly out of breath, she clings to the just-
           big-enough flotation device for dear life.

           This is JESSICA.

           Now that she has something to support her in the water, she 
           looks around, trying desperately to figure out where she is.

           It doesn’t do much good until she sees it.

           THE ISLAND.

           Over a mile away. The only land in sight.

           Jessica kicks hard against the current, turning towards it.

           Each agonizing sweep of her legs shoves her just a little bit 
           closer to the salvation looming in the distance.
           THE BEACH

           Jessica reaches the shallows, trying to stand in the waist-
           high water and immediately collapsing. Steadying herself on 
           her hands and knees.

           She pulls the cushion with her as she crawls up the beach, 
           through the tide going out.

           She slips, accidentally letting go of the cushion.

           She grabs after it for a moment, but it’s out of her reach.

           She watches it float back out to sea - the beach is too close 
           to consider going after it now.

           So she keeps wading through the shallows.

           It becomes easier, if only slightly, as she gets further and 
           further out of the water.

           Her hands dig into the sand less and less the further up the 
           beach she gets, the drier the land becomes.

           She passes the line of the shore and finds pure, dry sand.

           Immediately, Jessica flops onto her back and breathes deep.

           She stays like that for a long moment, just looking up at the 
           sky and breathing. Then:

           She starts to chuckle.

           And, very slowly: that chuckle turns into full-blown 
           laughter. A mix of pure joy and genuine derangement.

           She laughs and laughs as she moves her body around in the 
           sand, reveling in the dry land. Screams with joy:

                                 JESSICA
                        I’M ON AN ISLAND!!!

           She laughs for a few moments longer before it dies out.

           Without sitting up, she looks to see the ocean she came from, 
           the beach around her, the thick treeline behind her.

           She is totally.

           Utterly.

           Alone.

           It all hits her at once.
                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        I’m on an island.

           SMASH TO TITLE: THE BEAST

           EXT. THE BEACH - DAY

           Jessica pulls herself further up the beach, away from the 
           water. Shivering.

           She unzips her RAIN JACKET and pulls it off, then pulls off 
           her soaking wet shirt, shoes, and pants (this is not “sexy 
           beach stripping.” This is “holy shit I don’t want to die of 
           pneumonia” stripping).

           She wrings her clothes out on the sand and shakes her jacket 
           dry as best she can.

           Sits on the sand in her underwear, legs pulled up tight to 
           her chest, still shaking even in the warm sun.

           We finally get a real look at her: early 30’s (let’s say 33) 
           average height, long hair, not much meat on her bones. She 
           has a large SCAR on her right shoulder blade, bruises on the 
           rest of her that might be hours old or from days ago.

           She sees blood dripping on her knee and touches her forehead - 
           there’s a gash. Nothing life-threatening. A few nicks and 
           cuts on her arms and legs. A TAN LINE where the WEDDING RING 
           on her finger used to be.

           The sun’s not doing its job fast enough. She grabs her jacket 
           and pulls it over her shoulders, holding it tight around her.

           Anything to get warm.

           She takes her CELL PHONE out of her pants pocket. It’s 
           completely soaked. She tries the buttons. . .

           It won’t even consider turning on. Totally fried.

           She throws the phone in the sand.

           As she pulls the jacket around her again, her hand finds the 
           INNER POCKET - zipped up tight. Something inside.

           Jessica unzips the pocket and takes out an UNSEALED ENVELOPE.

           It’s a bit wet but remarkably, still intact and legible.

           It’s to “Lionel & Shane Landry” with an address in Seattle. 
           No return address.
           Jessica removes the folded letter from inside the envelope. 
           It’s dotted with water, but seems alright.

           She doesn’t want to read it. Sets it on the sand to dry out 
           and weighs it down with her otherwise-useless cell phone. 
           Pats the jacket’s inside pocket, “good boy.”

           She looks out over the ocean.

           Farther out to sea, the current carries away a scattered 
           parade of debris and bodies that weren’t as lucky as her.

           LATER

           The sunset here is rather beautiful.

           Jessica puts her now-dry clothes back on. Puts the letter 
           back in her jacket pocket. Just as she zips it closed -

           A RAINDROP taps her on the head.

           She looks up, to make sure she really felt it.

           Two more drops hit her face.

                                 JESSICA
                        Come on . . .

           EXT. TREELINE - NIGHT

           The drops have turned into a downpour.

           Jessica huddles against the trunk of a tree.

           The spotty canopy and her rain jacket don’t do much to 
           diminish the misery of the rain.

           She hugs her knees and tries not to think about it.

           A ROOM NOT HERE

           We never get a good look at where we are. We’re too close, 
           our vision too hazy. But it is:

           Quiet. Calm. Dry.

           Warm light on her face, Jessica sits down on the edge of 
           something. A bed?

           Her fingers stroke the hair of a LITTLE BOY. No more than 5. 
           He’s sleeping.
           She leans in close. Gentle.

                                 JESSICA
                        C’mon sweetheart, time to get up.

           EXT. TREELINE - MORNING

           She wakes up to warm sunshine on her face.

           The rain stopped hours ago, but the ground is still damp.

           She stands.

           Sees rainwater gathered in the center of a large leaf. 
           Jessica lowers herself to the leaf and tips it to her lips.

           Most of the water spills to the dirt, but she gets some in 
           her mouth.

           Just enough to be amazed at how thirsty she was.

           She looks out over the ocean again.

           Something nebulous rising in the distance.

           Smoke? Steam?

           From a boat?

           She squints, stumbling towards the beach.

           She can barely, just barely, make out the outline of  
           something that might be a ship. Miles away at best.

                                 JESSICA
                        Hey! Heyyyyyyy!

           EXT. THE BEACH - CONTINUOUS

           She runs down the sand, screaming as loud as her parched 
           throat will let her.

                                 JESSICA
                        HEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!

           They can’t hear her, obviously.

           She looks around. There has to be a way to get their 
           attention, there has to -

           She knows how.
           Jessica runs back to the TREELINE, scooping up as many 
           branches and fallen pieces of wood as she can.

           Runs back to the BEACH and dumps them on the sand.

           Back to the treeline, to find two small stones.

           She runs back to the pile of wood and drops to her knees, 
           striking the two stones together at the base of the wood.

           Trying to start a fire. Like she’s seen in the movies a 
           hundred times.

           She can’t even get one measly spark.

           She knows it, at least a little, but that doesn’t stop her 
           from trying again and again and again.

           She just needs one little spark, please, just one -

           But it won’t come. Even if it would, the wood is wet.

           Her hands hurt from trying. She stops, dropping the stones.

           She looks out at the disappearing ship (if that really even 
           was what she saw).

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Well fuck you too!

           She drops back on her ass in the sand. What now?

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Jessica wanders through the trees, marveling at the tropical 
           growth. Vines and tall trees, flora dotted around in the 
           dirt. Sunlight easily poking through the canopy.

           She hears a TRICKLE from somewhere up ahead.

           EXT. STREAM - MOMENTS LATER

           Jessica hurries out from the trees and sees a stream, 
           twisting through the forest floor.

           She drops to the dirt and cups her hands in the water, 
           bringing it to her lips.

           She sucks it down and does it again and again, drinking 
           greedily from the fresh water.

           It’s the best thing she’s ever tasted.
           She drinks until she can’t hardly drink any more.

           Her stomach growls. Loud.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           She’s walking through the trees, looking for food.

           She freezes. A few yards in front of her, its back turned - a 
           plump BIRD. Her stomach can see the appeal in that.

           She takes one step forward - and the bird promptly freaks, 
           hopping, then flying away at a maddening speed.

           Jessica gives chase, running as hard as she can.

           She’s lost the race well before she trips over a root.

           Hits the ground in an undignified lump.

           Face in the dirt, just breathing for a moment. Recovering.

           She looks up.

           A bush covered with BRIGHT RED BERRIES stares back at her.

           In half a second she’s scrambling on her hands and knees 
           towards it. Picking them and popping them into her mouth as 
           fast as she can, gobbling them down.

           EXT. FOREST - LATER

           Jessica violently vomits the berries and what little else was 
           in her stomach up onto a tree trunk.

           She braces herself against the tree as she heaves again.

           Jessica sees a bird the same color as the one she was chasing 
           watching her out of the corner of her eye.

           She’s not a fan. But she can’t do anything about it, because 
           she has to vomit again.

           EXT. STREAM - LATER

           She washes her mouth out and drinks. Still starving.

           She’s bringing another handful of water to her mouth when she 
           spots something moving in the water.

           Fish. More than a few of them, lazily moving downstream.
           Maybe . . . 

           Jessica grabs for one of the fish, missing by a mile. She 
           throws herself into the river, grabbing for them. They’re 
           small and fast and move before her hands even get close.

           She keeps trying.

           Finally, by sheer dumb luck more than anything else - her 
           hands close around one of the fish.

           She tears it out of the water, squeezing it as tight as she 
           can as it wriggles in her grip.

           She smacks its head against a rock a couple of times. It 
           wiggles again and then stops moving.

           She laughs incredulously at what she just did.

           EXT. THE BEACH - DUSK

           Striking the two rocks against each other again, trying to 
           start another fire. Jessica gets frustrated quickly when she 
           still can’t get a good spark out of them.

           Done trying, she drops the stones. Takes a second to breathe, 
           glances at the fish lying beside her.

           Screw it. She picks it up and bites deep into its raw flesh, 
           tearing it off with her teeth.

           Pulls a couple of thin bones out of her mouth.

           Freshest sashimi she’s ever had.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Jessica follows the stream inland.

           Listening to the hiss and rustle of the forest.

           Before long, she comes across:

           EXT. THE CLEARING - CONTINUOUS

           A small, treeless patch of land. Jessica scans it and sees 
           two things almost simultaneously:

           1) a small ring of stones set up for a campfire.

           2) a weather-worn, filthy backpack.
           She wants to rush to the bag - but what if she’s not alone?

                                 JESSICA
                        Hello?

           No answer. She steps further into the clearing.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        HELLO!

           Still nothing.

           She goes for the backpack.

           It’s slightly torn at the top and old - a decade, probably 
           more - but still entirely functional. Jessica fumbles with 
           the plastic buckles as she opens the bag. Pulls out:

           A blanket -- a coil of thin rope -- a folding knife -- a 
           plastic bag with a small notebook and pens inside -- a metal 
           water bottle -- a box of matches.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Oh thank god.

           She opens the matchbox - empty.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Of course.

           She throws the matchbox aside. Looks at the rest of her find.

           Jessica opens the plastic bag and takes out the notebook. 
           Thumbs through the pages. Blank - except for a note written 
           in the front of the book.

           A name signed at the bottom of the page: CHRISTINA KIM.

           Jessica’s eyes flicker to the note:

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Washed up here three days ago. 
                        Storm wrecked the boat. Had a life 
                        raft but it’s not on the beach 
                        where I left it. Don’t know what 
                        happened to it. Not sure exactly 
                        where I am. Southwest of Hawaii is 
                        my guess, but I have no idea how 
                        the storm drove me off course 
                        before I capsized. I’m going to try 
                        and write every day like I said I 
                        would when I got this journal. 
                        Might as well.
                        - Christina Kim
           Jessica flips through the notebook again, looking for more. 
           But there’s just the one entry.

           Jessica looks around the “campsite.” Nothing besides the 
           backpack and the ring of stones.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        HELLOOOOOO!

           Still no answer. She looks at the notebook again.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        How long have you been here?

           Jessica only hesitates for a moment before shoving everything 
           back in the bag and putting it on her back.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Following the water upstream, looking for high ground.

           Jessica comes to a fork - the stream she’s been following 
           branches off from a wider river that cuts through the island.

           She decides to follow the river.

           Takes a moment to marvel at the fish swimming downstream, the 
           colorful birds resting in the trees overhead.

           EXT. WATERFALL - DAY

           Jessica emerges from the forest to something magnificent.

           The WATERFALL, towering above her dozens of meters high, its 
           contents crashing down into the LAKE below, flowing from 
           there into the wide river mouth.

           It’s stunning.

           Jessica marvels, holding her hand under the cascading water.

           Sees the staggered rocks running up alongside the waterfall.

           She starts to climb.

           The rocks are just big enough for her to stand on and pull 
           herself higher.

           There’s almost a smile on her face.
           TOP OF THE WATERFALL

           Jessica pulls herself onto the ledge, winded from the effort. 
           Takes a moment to breathe.

           Then she stands and looks out over the island.

           Oh wow.

           The sun’s at the perfect angle, golden light bathing the 
           canopy of trees, the pale sand of the beach, the sparkling 
           ocean beyond it.

           She looks all around - the river behind her feeding the 
           waterfall, its stony banks, the lush green of the treetops.

           She’s never seen anything like this in her life.

           The beauty hits her at the same time as everything else.

           As we swirl around Jessica, we get QUICK FLASHES of images 
           from somewhere else, more feelings than scenes:

           A modest house in a modest neighborhood.

           The backyard, the treeline marking its edge. Two BOYS (8 & 6) 
           play in the grass.

           Jessica struggles not to let it overwhelm her. We see more:

           A GRUFF MAN pushes his way past Jessica, going into the 
           house. He is not gentle.

           The boys in the yard keep playing.

           Jessica has to sit down.

           She lowers herself to the rocks, sitting so that she has a 
           view of the island. Lets the pack slide off her back.

           Jessica with the BOYS in the yard, hugging them close. She 
           lets them go and they run to play with friends.

           She reaches into her pocket and removes the ENVELOPE. Starts 
           to read the letter:

           ON THE PAGE, the first line: “Dear Lionel and Shane . . .”

           She cuts herself off, trying very hard not to sob. Takes a 
           moment to collect herself and turns back to the words:

           “. . . I want you to know that Mommy loves you . . .”
           FLASH: The Gruff Man grabs her by the arm. Hard. Pulls her 
           inside. We can see the WEDDING RING on his finger, and hers.

           She has to stop. She can’t do this, she just can’t.

           The flashes begin to coalesce . . .

           The Gruff Man - HER HUSBAND - leaves in his car.

           Packing. Zipping the bag. Shoving cash into her pocket. A 
           moment’s hesitation, then she leaves her ring on the counter.

           The AIRPORT. One way ticket to Honolulu. She pays cash.

           ON THE PLANE, pushing her bag into the overhead compartment.

           In her seat, leg bouncing with anticipation.

           Turbulence shakes the plane once, hard. A moment of calm and 
           the passengers shake it off.

           The plane rattles violently and doesn’t stop.

           Jessica’s face is nothing but terror as the plane begins to 
           spiral out of the sky.

           She holds tight and braces for impact.

           The water rushes up so fast.

           BACK TO THE PRESENT

           Tears flow freely from her eyes now.

                                 JESSICA
                        I’m sorry.

           She’s a wreck. She can only wipe so many of her tears away as 
           she looks out over this magnificent island she’s stuck on.

           EXT. FOREST BY THE WATERFALL - MORNING

           Jessica wakes up huddled under her new blanket.

           She rises and puts the blanket away.

           EXT. RIVER - MOMENTS LATER

           She fills her bottle full of clear water and drinks from it.

           Stomach growling hard again.
           EXT. FOREST - LATER

           Among the trees. Jessica wanders.

           She spies something in a tree - a bulbous fruit. MANGOS.

           She races to them. Picks the lowest-hanging one and bites 
           into it, stripping away the hard skin until she reaches the 
           juicy yellow flesh inside.

           As she’s eating, she gets an idea.

           EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica cuts ropey vines from a tree. She WEAVES them 
           together, tying them into place with bits of the thin rope 
           from her bag.

           Making a NET.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Jessica approaches the stream, where she caught the fish the 
           day before. Her new NET in hand. She watches the water for 
           the glint of scales.

           Sitting down at the edge of the stream, she drops the net 
           into the water, holding it with both hands. Watching and 
           waiting for the next fish.

           FLASH: She watches as her Husband leaves the house, fishing 
           gear (and a cooler of beer) in hand.

           One comes along and Jessica lunges for it. Her movement is 
           too sudden though, and the fish evades her net.

           The next couple do the same.

           Jessica gets another one in her net but tries to pull it out 
           of the water too quickly, and it slips free.

           As the next fish approaches, Jessica calms herself. Gently 
           lets the net drape into the water along its path.

           The fish swims straight into the net, panicking the moment it 
           realizes it’s stuck.

           Moving quickly but steadily, Jessica gathers the corners of 
           the net together and lifts the fish out of the water.

           It flops wildly as she drops it to the ground, threatening to 
           get back in the water.
           Jessica tries to grab it, but it’s slippery. She settles for 
           pinning it to the dirt as she finds her knife.

           Keeping the fish pinned, Jessica shoves the knife into its 
           underbelly, right below its jaw. The fish flops its last.

           EXT. THE CLEARING - DUSK

           The dead fish rests on a rock. Jessica’s trying to start a 
           fire in the little campfire ring. She’s got moss and twigs 
           for kindling, but none of it will catch, even though she’s 
           able to get a few sparks from the stones.

           She thinks for a second. Takes the notebook from its plastic 
           bag. She rips out a few pages and wads them up by the 
           kindling. Tries again.

           Nothing, then sparks. Doesn’t catch.

                                 JESSICA
                        C’mon, c’mon . . . 

           Still won’t light, but she’s getting better at striking the 
           flint. Suddenly - one of the pages CATCHES.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        YES!

           She quickly leans down to gently blow oxygen onto the paper. 
           The fire flickers to life.

           She moves the other wadded pages closer to the new flame; 
           they catch, and then the kindling catches, and, finally - the 
           campfire starts.

           She sets up two sticks as spit-holders, then takes a third 
           and skewers the fish with it. It’s harder than she expected.

           LATER - NIGHT

           She turns the skewered fish over the flames, roasting it. 
           Smoke rising rapidly from the fire into a cloudy sky. When it 
           looks done enough, Jessica takes the fish off the fire.

           Rips into the meat with her teeth. Couldn’t care less how it 
           tastes - it’s food. She chews and swallows, spits out thin 
           bones and savors her little victory.

           She barely notices the flock of BIRDS flying overhead until 
           their squawking becomes horrifically loud.

           Something about them seems strange.
           The treetops behind her are MOVING - little sways, too big to 
           be the wind . . .

           Some sixth sense makes Jessica set the fish down and reach 
           for her pack.

           Her hand just closes around the strap when:

           SOMETHING BIG BURSTS INTO THE CLEARING.

           Instinct kicks in and Jessica grabs her pack and RUNS.

           SOMETHING chases.

           EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica’s running as fast as she can, barely glancing over 
           her shoulder to see if it’s gaining on her. It’s dark and a 
           blur and all she can tell is that it’s BIG and strong.

           IT SCREECHES as it hurries after her, pounding the Earth, 
           it’s gaining on her it’s gaining -

           Jessica’s pack snags on a passing tree and she lets it go.

           The Thing chasing her is fucking fast.

           She can barely see where she’s going in the moonlight.

           It screeches again. It’s more than twice her size. (Don’t 
           look back, don’t look back) Just RUN.

           Jessica slips between two small trees just as the Thing is 
           almost on top of her.

           Keeps running as it slams into the trees.

           It pushes - and the tree snaps.

           Jessica hears the crash as the tree hits the ground.

           She still has a lead.

           But she can’t outrun It.

           She sees a RAVINE, just barely catching it in the dark.

           She skids into it, hiding against the wall of Earth.

           Holds her breath as It gallops along the path she just took -

           And goes past the ravine.
           Just for a second, she thinks she’s safe.

           And then It stops. Turns back.

           Looking for her.

           Still holding her breath. Trying to make herself as small as 
           possible against the wall of the ravine.

           It steps closer, its TALONS digging into the wet earth just 
           above her head.

           If she ever prayed, now would be a good time.

           She doesn’t dare to look up. . . 

           It shifts position again, still looking. Getting closer to 
           looking down into the ravine -

           When RAIN starts to fall.

           The Thing whines. Keeps searching, but shifts its feet more, 
           like it’s distressed.

           The raindrops turn into a full-on shower.

           Its whine is even more plaintive this time. Distress, 
           annoyance, not pain. It holds out for another moment before 
           it hurries off into the trees.

           Jessica waits until she’s sure it’s gone before she exhales.

           Peers over the ditch, the rain smacking her face.

           EXT. FOREST - NIGHT

           She finds her pack on the tree it was snagged on. Still 
           intact. She makes sure it’s shut tight, pulls on her hood.

           EXT. THE CLEARING - NIGHT

           Rain smothers the campfire. Jessica looks at the three-toed 
           tracks It left with a mixture of wonder and horror.

           What the fuck was that?

           EXT. FOREST - MORNING

           The rain has stopped.

           Jessica drinks from her bottle. Still shaken from last night.
           EXT. THE BEACH - DAY

           Jessica drags several pieces of wood out onto the sand. 
           They’re dry enough.

           She arranges them into a bonfire, using more pages from the 
           notebook as starters for the kindling.

           The fire smokes more than it burns as the wood dries. 
           Billowing black into the sky.

           Someone’s gotta see that.

           LATER

           Finally, the fire’s really burning. Jessica puts a couple 
           more pieces of wood on. Sits on the beach to wait.

           She tries to take another drink from her bottle but it’s 
           empty. Drops it back in the bag. Exhausted. Dehydrated.

           Looking out over the ocean, recovering.

           She’s shaken away from the view by the sound of BIRDS.

           Looks up to see them flying overhead.

           Jessica looks over her shoulder to see the treetops rustling.

           She doesn’t wait this time. Grabs her pack and sprints for:

           THE TREELINE

           She hides behind a thick tree trunk. Peers around it to look.

           It steps onto the beach. Even from a distance, dehydration 
           blurring her vision, she can mostly make It out:

           It is nearly 10 feet tall.

           Its torso is a thick, blunt cylinder, the back end capped off 
           by a scarred nub, like it had a tail, and it was torn off.

           Its head is an angular bulb, anchored to its body by a short, 
           thick neck.

           It has a short, sharp beak in place of a mouth. No nose. Ears 
           flat on the sides of its head.

           Four pitch-black eyes nestled in diagonal slants on its face.

           Each of its four spider-like legs ends in a three-fingered 
           hand (like a chicken’s). Each finger capped by a sharp talon.
           Save for its talons and beak, every inch of it is covered in 
           short, thick black fur.

           A BEAST.

           It walks straight to the fire, plopping down next to it.

           Makes a sound almost like purring.

           It likes the heat.

           Jessica can’t believe her eyes. She must be hallucinating.

           She glances away for a moment and sees a small bird staring 
           at the Beast alongside her.

                                 JESSICA
                        Tell me you’re seeing this too.

           The bird flies away at the sound of her voice. Jessica takes 
           another look at the Beast, curled up by the fire, still not 
           sure it’s real.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Further inland. Jessica moves through the trees with added 
           caution now.

           She spots a ROCK FORMATION in the side of a little hill.

           There’s a small opening in the formation, an ENTRANCE. Just 
           big enough for her to slip through.

           INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           It’s dry and sheltered in here, with enough light coming in 
           through the entryway to see by.

           There’s a ring of stones on the floor, like in the clearing.

           She looks around the cave, sees MARKINGS etched on the wall 
           by a stone:

                                   CHRISTINA KIM

                                        |||

           Jessica looks around again: spies a small pile of things in 
           the back of the cave. Hurries over.

           An extra pair of pants and a couple shirts, more rope, a pack 
           of crackers, and a MATCHBOOK.
           Jessica quickly opens the matchbook: 6 left.

           She looks down at the rest of the stuff -- dirty and old, but 
           still usable. These must be Christina’s things. She’d been 
           using this place as shelter.

           Jessica picks up the crackers and sits down against the wall 
           opposite the markings.

           She bites into one of the crackers. Stale, but it’s food.

           She takes the notebook out of her pocket. After a moment, 
           picks up a pen.

           She turns past Christina’s page and starts to write.

           ON THE PAGE: “My name is Jessica Landry.”

           She hesitates, then scratches out “Landry” and replaces it:

           “Jessica Landry Hewitt.”

           MONTAGE AS SHE WRITES

           Her subsequent days on the island. Throughout, we can make 
           out some of what she writes in her notebook:

           - “ . . . an island in the Pacific.”

           - Cleaning the cave; organizing all her supplies. Setting out 
           materials for fire-making.

           - She fills her bottle from the stream.

           - Picks fruit - mangos, papayas, and starfruit.

           - Catches fish with her net.

           - She watches in awe as TURTLES swim up onto the beach.

           - She’s getting better at making fires in the CAVE. She uses 
           a match once, then goes back to the flint.

           - The next time she fishes, the net SNAPS - one of the 
           struggling fish broke one of the ties holding it together.

           - “. . . A Beast . . . “

           - She sees the Beast through the trees, hides to avoid him.

           - “. . . killed Christina Kim?”

           - Jessica repairs her net.
           - She finds a long, straight branch. Whittles its end into a 
           sharp point with her knife. A SPEAR.

           - She fishes with the spear and net, comes up with dinner.

           - She makes fires and cooks in the cave. Getting good at 
           starting fires with the flint.

           BACK TO THE CAVE:

           That first day inside. Jessica finishes writing. Scribbles 
           her name in the front, under Christina’s.

           She looks up at the wall Christina wrote on. Picks up a stone 
           from the cave floor.

           She carves into the cave wall:

                                   JESSICA HEWITT

                                      ||||| 

           Looks to Christina’s 3 marks.

                                 JESSICA
                        First place.

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           39 tally marks under Jessica’s name on the wall.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Jessica holds the net in the water. Snags a fish.

           It tries to flop away as she stabs it with her wooden spear, 
           killing it. Pulls it out of the water.

           She kneels down, pack still on her back, extricating the fish 
           from the net.

           Looks up for just a moment.

           THE BEAST’S FOUR EYES STARE BACK AT HER FROM THE TREES.

           Oh fuck.

           Jessica falls back in shock as the Beast bursts from his 
           hiding spot, LUNGING AT HER.

           Her hand grabs the spear and she THRUSTS UP instinctively.
           The point sticks in the Beast’s torso as it tries to come 
           down on Jessica, forcing it on its hind legs. It SCREECHES.

           Jessica shoves with the spear -- the Beast scrambles, trying 
           to get away. 

           It manages to twist itself away from the spear, backing up.

           Jessica finds her feet. Holding the spear up to ward the 
           Beast off. What she saw on the beach was no hallucination.

           The Beast circles, wary. Clearly not used to being hurt by 
           its prey.

           It screeches again, stepping closer. Jessica jabs with the 
           spear, forcing it back.

           She’s terrified. The Beast can sense it.

           Her horror grows as she notices its breathing - not through 
           its mouth, but through BLOWHOLES on either side of its torso.

           The Beast clicks its beak and hisses. Each of its four eyes 
           blink independently of each other.

           Its shuffle-in approaches grows quicker.

           Ducking to the side as she jabs.

           Jessica recovers her footing before it can get too close, but 
           the Beast swipes and rips the spear from her hands.

           Jessica is defenseless -- the Beast lunges again.

           She dives behind a tree. Its trunk blocks the Beast, saving 
           her from being crushed.

           She RUNS.

           THROUGH THE FOREST

           Branches whipping at her face and hair as she rushes by them.

           She can feel the Beast chasing her.

           Looks back for half a second to see if it’s gaining on her.

           And her foot CATCHES ON A ROOT.

           She trips and goes TUMBLING DOWN A HILL.

           Narrowly missing a tree, scrabbling for a handhold and 
           finding none - 
           Tumbling down until -

           WHAM! She comes to an abrupt stop near the bottom, her back 
           SLAMMING into a tree. Her backpack absorbs a tiny amount of 
           the impact. She groans, badly shaken.

           She tries to move but she can’t.

           Jessica looks down to see a THIN BRANCH IMPALING HER SIDE, 
           entering through her right lower back and exiting out the 
           front. Just barely missing her backpack.

           Jessica gasps in horror, tries to push herself off the tree. 
           She can’t. It’s too painful and she doesn’t have an angle.

           The branch isn’t thick, but she can’t slide herself off it.

           She hears the Beast at the top of the hill.

           Out of time.

           Jessica tries again to push herself off the branch. No luck.

           The Beast starts down the hill. Moving cautiously, trying not 
           to lose its footing.

           Jessica’s out of options.

           She breathes in and out quickly, psyching herself up -

           And then she THROWS HERSELF TO THE RIGHT, her weight BREAKING 
           THE BRANCH OFF THE TREE. She screams.

           The branch still in her side, she staggers to her feet. 
           Holding her wound.

           The Beast hasn’t stopped.

           Not quite able to run, but moving as fast as she can, Jessica 
           hurries through the forest.

           EXT. WATERFALL - MOMENTS LATER

           Jessica emerges by the lake under the waterfall. The Beast 
           hot on her heels.

           Jessica dives into the lake.

           Comes back up for air, gasping, doggy-paddling as best she 
           can to the other side. Unwilling to lose her shoes or pack.

           She reaches the far bank and pulls herself onto dry land. 
           Looks back to see:
           The Beast has stopped on the other side of the lake. It 
           screeches at her.

           It dips one foot into the lake and immediately pulls it out, 
           trying to shake it dry. Annoyed and pissy, the way a cat is 
           after getting wet.

           Jessica looks on and laughs incredulously. This huge, 
           terrifying creature won’t cross a little bit of water.

                                 JESSICA
                          (it just comes out)
                        Fuck you, Carl!

           The Beast screeches at her from across the lake, pounding its 
           “hands” down angrily. Like a tantrum.

           Jessica’s surprised herself with the name. Keeps going:

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Yeah, that’s right, Carl! That’s 
                        your name you big piece of shit!

           CARL screeches again as he retreats.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Fuck you, CARL!

           Carl disappears into the trees.

           Jessica shudders. Puts her hand to her bloody, impaled side.

           EXT. FOREST - LATER

           She can still walk, but it’s harder every step.

           Stops for a moment to steady herself against a tree. Looks 
           down at the wound.

           She has to keep moving.

           INT. CAVE - LATER

           Jessica squeezes through the opening. The stick briefly 
           catches on the outside. She gasps at the pain.

           Makes it all the way inside. Drops her pack by where her 
           jacket already lies on the floor.

           She needs more light.

           She opens the matchbook - three left.
           Jessica grabs some of the moss and wood from the corner of 
           the cave and sets up a fire. Lights it with a match.

           MINUTES LATER

           The fire’s going now, enough light to really see by. She 
           touches her side tentatively, hisses in pain.

           She’s got to get this stick out of her.

           Jessica takes a hold of the stick where it exits her front. 
           Only room for one hand to grip it.

           Steels herself.

           This is gonna fucking hurt.

           FLASH: IN HER BEDROOM. Jessica goes flying hard into her 
           dresser, hitting her shoulder and head hard.

           Jessica YANKS the stick straight out with a horrible scream.

           Drops the bloody thing and curls up, clutching her wound.

           A HOSPITAL ROOM. A DOCTOR hovers behind Jessica, looking at 
           the gash on her shoulder blade (where her scar is now). The 
           wound on the back of her head already treated. Jessica 
           refuses to look at the Doctor or the NURSE in front of her.

           Moaning, Jessica pushes herself off the floor of the cave.

           Without the stick plugging it up, the wound bleeds freely.

           Jessica pulls off her shirt.

           Using her teeth, she tears it into long strips.

           Hands shaking. 

           She presses one of the strips hard against the wound, trying 
           to staunch the bloodflow.

           The Nurse helps the Doctor apply sutures to Jessica’s 
           shoulder blade. Jessica shakes and tries to wipe away tears.

           She takes another strip and wraps it all the way around, 
           tying it on her left side to hold the bandage in place.

           The Nurse lays a gentle hand on hers. Jessica pulls away.

           She grits her teeth and tries not to scream out loud as she 
           tightens the bandage.

           Shivering, she drags her jacket to her and puts it on.
           Drinks some water.

           Shivering’s worse. Shock getting to her.

           Jessica finds her blanket and pulls it over her as she lies 
           down by the fire.

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           Jessica wakes up in a puddle of her own blood.

           She sits up, pulls the bloody blanket off her and peels off 
           the blood-slick rain jacket.

           The bandages are soaked through. Not enough to stop the 
           bleeding, clearly.

           FLASH: The Doctor finishes the last suture. Places a bandage 
           over the wound. Blood immediately spotting it.

           The Doctor sits down in front of her. Notes the additional 
           bruising on Jessica’s arms. She won’t make eye contact.

                                 DOCTOR
                        You need to talk to someone, 
                        Jessica.

                                 JESSICA
                        It was my own fault.

           The bloodflow is slow, but steady.

           Jessica’s shaking badly again, and she starts to cry as she 
           looks down at herself.

           She’s going to die if she can’t stop the bleeding.

           She’s going to die if she can’t stop crying.

           Jessica sniffs hard and looks around for salvation.

           IN THE HOSPITAL: Jessica sits on the bed as the Nurse opens 
           the door, letting an OLDER WOMAN (60’s) into the room.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Mom?

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        Hey Peanut.

           Jessica tries not to break down - her Mother being here makes 
           it harder. Mom sits down next to Jessica, takes her hand.
                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        Come home with me. We’ll figure it 
                        out.

                                 JESSICA
                        I can’t. He’s sorry. He promised 
                        he’ll be better.

           Hearing Jessica say it breaks her Mother’s heart.

           Jessica sees the knife by the dull remains of the fire.

           So that’s the plan.

           Jessica struggles to stand. Finds more firewood and some 
           moss, trying to keep them from getting too wet with blood.

           She sets up the fire again. The embers aren’t going to catch.

           She picks up the matchbook. Two left.

           Takes one out. Tries to strike it. It won’t light.

           Tries again. Thank god -- a little flame.

           She holds it to the moss -

           And the match goes out.

           Once chance left. She takes out the second match, as careful 
           as she can possibly be. The shaking makes it so hard . . .

           She strikes the match. Nothing.

           Again.

           Nothing.

           Again -

           And it LIGHTS.

           She holds it to the moss and the moss CATCHES.

           The fire’s started.

           She almost starts crying again.

           But she picks up the knife instead.

           Sticks the blade in the base of the flames.

           She peels off the bloodsoaked bandages. Grabs a “fresh” strip 
           of shirt and mops away some of the blood.
           Drinks, pours some water on the wound. Mops more blood away.

           She puts pressure on the wound as she pulls the knife out of 
           the fire.

           The blade is so hot it’s cherry-red.

           She gets ready -

           And then she PRESSES THE BLADE TO THE FRONT OF HER WOUND.

           Jesus Christ it BURNS.

           She screams so loud she almost drowns out the sound of 
           searing flesh. Almost.

           She lifts the hot blade away. The front of the wound 
           cauterized and sealed.

           But she’s not done yet.

           FLASH: (after being thrown into the dresser) Jessica forces 
           herself halfway up off the floor of her bedroom, blood 
           flowing from her shoulder blade and head.

           The smell of her flesh cooking rises to her nostrils. She can 
           feel herself fading as she brings the knife to her back.

           And CAUTERIZES THE ENTRY WOUND.

           She doesn’t scream this time.

           She can barely drop the knife away from her as she:

                                                       BLACKS OUT.

                                                         FADE IN:

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Jessica slowly wakes up.

           She manages to push herself upright and look at her wound.

           It’s blackened and horribly painful to the touch.

           But the bleeding has stopped.

           Jessica takes a rag tear and gently cleans the wound with a 
           little water. Drinks a couple big gulps. Still a little left 
           in the bottle.

           Ties a bandage around herself with the last strip.
           She opens the inner pocket of her rain jacket. The plastic 
           baggie with the letter inside is still there - blood on the 
           outside, but the letter is safe. She presses it to her 
           forehead a moment, before putting it away again.

           Jessica looks up at the tally wall. All the marks she’s made.

           She gets to her feet.

           Walks to the wall, picks up the stone.

           She makes one more mark.

           One more day.

           EXT. CAVE - DAY

           The morning is bright and beautiful.

           Jessica shields her face from the sunlight as she emerges 
           from the cave, one hand clutching her side.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           She finds her way to the water, kneeling by its bank.

           She fills her bottle and drinks, sweet relief as the cold, 
           clean liquid trickles down her throat.

           When she’s drunk all she can, she fills and caps the bottle.

           Takes the bloody rags out of her pack and washes them.

           Red trails trickling into the flow.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Changes her bandages. Drinks by the fire. Eats a starfruit.

           LATER

           She pulls the blanket over herself to sleep.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Deeper in, on higher ground. Jessica caps her water bottle 
           after a swig and puts it in her pack. She’s still stiff.

           She turns around to look over the ocean.
           Doesn’t believe her eyes at first.

           Holy shit.

           There’s a SAILBOAT on the beach.

           EXT. FOREST - MINUTES LATER

           Jessica moves as fast as she can through the trees, heading 
           for the beach. Holding her side, ignoring the pain. She has 
           to get to that boat, she has to . . . 

           She’s so focused on getting there that she doesn’t see HIM 
           step out from behind the tree in front of her.

           WHUMP! Jessica smacks into him, goes tumbling to the ground -

           Her head hits the tree with a SMA -

                                                           BLACK.

           HAZY, IN AND OUT -

           Treetops swaying as she passes under them.

           Hands fumble, grasping her arms and legs.

           Half-dragging her along.

                                                   DIPPING BACK TO 
                                                      BLACK. INTO:

           IN A HOUSE

           Curled up tight on the couch. Eyelids fluttering open and 
           closed. Too many empty beer bottles on the coffee table.

           A small hand shakes her bare ankle.

                                 CHILD
                        Wake up, mommy . . .

           She tries to force her eyes open.

           INT. SAILBOAT - DAY

           Jessica’s on a bed. A real bed. She takes a moment just to 
           feel it, her head on a soft pillow, her fingers tracing 
           smooth sheets . . . 
           She realizes she doesn’t know where she is. Half-panicking, 
           she tries to sit up. The pain from her side stops her.

           She looks down at her torso to see her wound has been wrapped 
           with a real, clean bandage.

           Feels another bandage on the back of her head where she 
           smacked it on the tree.

           She feels the bed ROCKING. Grips it for stability only to 
           realize it’s not the bed moving, it’s the entire room.

           She’s trying to sit up again when a YOUNG MAN (early 20’s, 
           athletic) opens the door.

                                 CHOI
                        Oh.

           Jessica tries to get to her feet. CHOI hurries over:

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        No no no, lie back. It’s okay, 
                        you’re safe.
                          (yelling out the door)
                        Tom! She’s awake!

           Choi turns his attention back to Jessica, who stares at him 
           in awe and confusion. He gently guides her back onto the bed.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Lie back, yeah? I promise it’s more 
                        comfortable.

                                 JESSICA
                        Wh - where am . . . 

                                 CHOI
                        You’re on a boat. My boat.

                                 JESSICA
                        How?

                                 CHOI
                        You ran into me. Literally. You hit 
                        your head, you were hurt and we 
                        didn’t know what else to do, so we 
                        brought you back here. We’re gonna 
                        get you to real dry land and get 
                        you to a hospital.

           Jessica tries to hold it back, but she starts to cry.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        What, what?
                                 JESSICA
                        Thank you.

           Tears stream freely down Jessica’s face as she half-cries, 
           half-laughs in relief.

                                 TOM (O.S.)
                        Way to go Choi, you already made 
                        her cry.

           Jessica looks up to see TOM (early 20’s, beach bro) step into 
           the room with a bottle of water and some food.

                                 CHOI
                        Really?

                                 TOM
                        Just sayin’ man.

           Tom comes over and hands Jessica the water and crackers.

                                 TOM (CONT’D)
                        Figured you might be hungry. Or 
                        thirsty. Or both. Y’know.

           Choi helps her sit up a little so she can sip the water.

                                 JESSICA
                        Thank you.

                                 TOM
                        It’s no problem, really.

                                 CHOI
                        What’s your name?

                                 JESSICA
                        Jessica.

                                 CHOI
                        Jessica. Hi. I’m Choi. That 
                        asshole’s Tom.

                                 TOM
                        Hey!

                                 JESSICA
                        Hi asshole Tom.

           The boys both laugh. Jessica smiles too.

                                 CHOI
                        Glad someone thinks this is at 
                        least a little funny.
           There’s a brief silence while Jessica sips some water and 
           nibbles at a cracker.

                                 TOM
                        I’m gonna head back up and see if I 
                        can reach Mark again. Holler if you 
                        need me.

                                 CHOI
                        Sounds good.

           Tom exits. Choi pulls up a seat next to the bed. More silence 
           as Jessica keeps eating, until:

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Were you - were you living on this 
                        island?
                          (Jessica nods)
                        For how long?

                                 JESSICA
                        Forty . . . Forty-three days. I 
                        think.

                                 CHOI
                        Damn. How’d you get here?

                                 JESSICA
                        Plane crash.

                                 CHOI
                        Flight 1384?

           Shocked, Jessica nods, “how did you know?”

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Holy shit. It was on the news like, 
                        every day. Flight 1384 from Seattle 
                        to Honolulu. Veered off course to 
                        avoid a storm and never arrived. No 
                        one knew what happened to it until 
                        they started finding bodies.

                                 JESSICA
                        They’re looking?

                                 CHOI
                        They were. With, y’know, the 
                        currents, the storms all over the 
                        area . . . they called it off 
                        before they even found all the 
                        bodies. Thought everyone was dead.
                        How did you survive the crash?
                                 JESSICA
                        I don’t know. Luck. A fluke.

                                 CHOI
                        Well, I’m glad we found you.

                                 JESSICA
                        Not as glad as I am.
                          (then)
                        How?

                                 CHOI
                        Sheer dumb luck again? We’re, uh, 
                        we’re on a boat trip around the 
                        Pacific. Hawaii, some of the 
                        Pacific isles, “explore the world” 
                        and all that? Anyway, we sprung a 
                        teeny leak between Kingsman Reef 
                        and Hawaii, and this was the 
                        closest bit of land, so we pulled 
                        in to fix up. Decided to wander for 
                        a bit and well . . .

           He gestures to Jessica, “this happened.”

                                 JESSICA
                        How long was I out?

                                 CHOI
                        Couple hours.

                                 JESSICA
                        Where are we headed?

                                 CHOI
                        We still - I mean Hawaii probably, 
                        but I’ll check for a closer port 
                        after we cast off . . .

                                 JESSICA
                        We’re still on the island?

                                 CHOI
                        Yeah.

                                 JESSICA
                        Why?

                                 CHOI
                        Mark’s still looking for your 
                        friend Carl.

           Oh fuck.
                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        You were muttering about him in 
                        your sleep, so Mark volunteered to 
                        go find him . . . 

           Ignoring the pain, Jessica tries to get out of bed. Choi 
           intercepts her, trying to guide her back down. Her words come 
           out jumbled, a little delirious, panic setting in -

                     CHOI (CONT’D)
                                                    JESSICA
                                          How far are we in the water?
           Hey hey hey, what’s up, 
           what’s -

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        What?

                                 JESSICA
                        How far out to sea are we?

                                 CHOI
                        We’re not, we’re, we’re basically 
                        running up against the beachhead. 
                        We lost our anchor so we had to get 
                        a rope up to the treeline to keep 
                        us steady. Don’t worry we can still 
                        cast off, we just gotta push a -

           Jessica’s face falls. She forces herself upright -

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Woah, calm down, just tell me -

           Jessica gets past Choi, to the door. She grabs her backpack 
           from the corner.

                                 JESSICA
                        He’s coming for us we have to go -

                                 CHOI
                        Who’s coming, who -

                                 JESSICA
                        Carl.

                                 CHOI
                        I don’t understand . . .

                                 JESSICA
                        He’s going to kill us all.
           EXT. SAILBOAT - MOMENTS LATER

           Jessica pulls her backpack on as she makes her way on deck, 
           She spots TOM standing behind the control console. As Choi 
           described, a rope stretches from the bow to the treeline, 
           anchoring the boat to a tree trunk. The bow of the modest 
           sailboat is practically on land.

           Jessica heads for Tom and Choi follows.

                                 JESSICA
                        Start the boat!

                                 TOM
                        What?

                                 JESSICA
                        Cut that rope and start the boat -

                                 TOM
                        Choi, what’s she talking about?

                                 CHOI
                        I don’t - I don’t know -

                                 JESSICA
                        He’s going to kill us if we don’t 
                        leave!

                         TOM
                                                     CHOI
           Wait what?
                                          Jessica, please - Mark’s 
                                          going to find your friend -

           Amongst the commotion, a flock of birds overhead catches 
           Jessica’s eye.

           She looks at the forest, the trees rustling not too far back 
           from the beach -

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        He’s here.

                                                      TOM
                         CHOI
           Jessica, please -
                                          She’s crazy.

           The SCREAM gets their attention. All of them whip around 
           towards the beach -

                                 TOM
                        What the . . . 

           A MAN comes hurtling from the treeline, running as fast as he 
           can down the beach -
                                 CHOI
                        Mark?

           Carl BURSTS ONTO THE BEACH behind him.

           The men on the boat stare dumbfounded as Carl overtakes Mark, 
           knocking him to the sand with one swipe of his arm.

           Mark tries to crawl to the boat.

           Carl places one of his claws on the back of Mark’s head. 
           Presses his full weight down; shoving Mark’s face into the 
           sand -- until his skull collapses with a WET CRUNCH.

           Carl looks up from his kill, finally noticing the humans 
           staring at him from the SAILBOAT, frozen in horror.

           His eyes track the rope attaching them to the tree.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        CUT THE LINE!

           Tom runs for the ax by the bow, but he’s too late.

           Carl grabs the rope and PULLS, dragging the boat ONTO THE  
           BEACH and knocking everyone onboard off their feet.

           With a screech, he bounds for the boat.

           Jessica starts scrambling towards the stern.

           Carl hits the front of the boat with a CRASH, knocking 
           everyone back to the deck as they panic. He’s not big enough 
           to crush the boat in one blow, but the impact does damage.

           Tom skids to a halt near the bow.

           Jessica keeps moving back.

           Thinking fast, Choi hustles to one of the emergency boxes on 
           deck and pulls out a FLARE GUN. Grabs for the loose flares -

           Tom SCREAMS as Carl brings his arms crashing down on the 
           boat, HAMMERING INTO HIM. Hurt, he barely manages to roll 
           away from the next strike.

           The anchor-rope snaps free as Carl’s fist crushes the bow.

           Tom starts dragging himself towards the ax.

           WHAM! WHAM! More pounding crushes the deck further and 
           further, the final blow knocking a hole straight through it.
           The sailboat starts to slip back into the water. Trying not 
           to get wet, Carl hooks his talons into the hole he smashed 
           and HAULS THE BOAT FURTHER ONTO LAND (the front half is fully 
           on the beach).

           Choi finally loads the flare gun, aiming it at Carl. FIRES!

           The flare hits Carl over the eye -- the Beast howls in pain 
           and turns away, trying to rub the burning out of his eye.

           Tom reaches the axe.

           Jessica sees her chance.

           As Choi reloads, Jessica grabs him, pulling him with her -

                                 JESSICA
                        Come on!

           Choi doesn’t resist as she drags him -

           OVER THE BACK OF THE BOAT

           Plunging them both into the shallow water.

           Their heads dip in and out of the water as they scramble to 
           get to the beach.

           Carl doesn’t see them - he’s focused on the ship again, 
           smashing it to bits in his fury -

           Tom swings the axe at him, CUTTING Carl’s arm -

           Carl retaliates by slamming Tom into the deck. He loses his 
           grip on the axe.

           Choi and Jessica make it to the edge of the beach and Choi 
           helps Jessica stand up so they can run for the treeline -

           They look back just in time to watch.

           ON THE BOAT, Tom gets to his feet, tries to jump clear -- but 
           Carl’s talon catches the back of his calf, ripping it open -

           Tom collapses to the deck with a cry, smacking his face 
           against the railing and knocking teeth out on the way down.

           Carl’s talons rip into his back, pulling him closer -

           The Beast opens his beak wide, revealing dozens of RAZOR-
           SHARP TEETH extending from inside his gums -

           And he CHOMPS DOWN into Tom, SHAKING HIM LIKE A TOY, tearing 
           flesh loose and BITING DOWN AGAIN -
           Jessica tears her eyes from the gory scene and pulls Choi 
           with her up the beach. Blood flows from a gash in Choi’s leg.

           As they run, Choi keeps looking back at Carl SMASHING the 
           boat to bits in a fit.

           Jessica keeps her eyes on the treeline. Forward, forward, 
           their feet slipping in the sand.

           Carl finally lets go of the ragged flesh that used to be Tom 
           and tears a few more pieces from the boat.

           His attack slows, then stops. As if he’s grown bored with it.

           Carl turns. Sees Jessica and Choi running for the treeline.

           He gallops after them -

           Jessica and Choi are nearly to the trees -

           But Carl’s gaining on them so quickly -

           They reach the:

           TREELINE

           Choi looks back -

           Carl’s NEARLY ON TOP OF THEM -

           Choi wildly aims the flare gun and fires -

           WOOSH! The flare smacks into Carl’s CHEST, the pain causing 
           the Beast to lose his footing and TUMBLE into a tree trunk.

           Jessica grabs Choi and yanks him with her, into the forest.

           Carl doesn’t follow, too busy trying to snuff out the burning 
           patch in his fur.

           EXT. FOREST - MINUTES LATER

           Deeper in, far from the beach. Jessica and Choi finally slow 
           down, spent. Jessica looks to make sure Carl isn’t following

           After he’s had a second to catch his breath, Choi turns to 
           Jessica with terror in his voice:

                                 CHOI
                        What was that?
                                 JESSICA
                        Carl.

                                 CHOI
                        That - that can’t be real -

                                 JESSICA
                        We need to keep moving. He’ll be 
                        looking for us. Especially you.
                          (off Choi’s look)
                        You hurt him.

           INT. CAVE - LATER

           Jessica starts a small fire. Choi watches from the wall.

                                 CHOI
                        Where’d you learn to do that?

           The kindling catches in earnest and Jessica steps back.

                                 JESSICA
                        Taught myself.

           It starts to rain outside. Jessica’s comforted by the sound. 
           Sits by the fire.

                                 CHOI
                        Are we safe here?

                                 JESSICA
                        He hasn’t found this place yet. And 
                        he won’t be looking any more 
                        tonight.
                          (off his look)
                        The rain.
                          (he doesn’t get it)
                        He doesn’t like getting wet.

                                 CHOI
                        Does it hurt him?

                                 JESSICA
                        No. He’s . . . He’s like a kid who 
                        doesn’t want to take a bath. He 
                        just avoids it.

                                 CHOI
                        What is he?

                                 JESSICA
                        I don’t know. He was here long 
                        before I was.
           Choi looks over at the tally wall.

                                 CHOI
                        Who’s Christina?

                                 JESSICA
                        She was here before me too.
                          (re: backpack)
                        That was hers.

                                 CHOI
                        And now?

           Jessica’s look tells him everything. Silence. She notices the 
           cut on his leg.

                                 JESSICA
                        Here.

           She picks up one of her makeshift bandages and binds his leg 
           with it. As she does:

                                 CHOI
                        Were you going home?

                                 JESSICA
                        What?

                                 CHOI
                        When your plane crashed.

                                 JESSICA
                        No.

                                 CHOI
                        Where is home?

                                 JESSICA
                        Seattle.

                                 CHOI
                        Do you have a family?

           Jessica finishes with the bandage and backs off to tend the 
           fire. Clearly not a subject she likes.

                                 JESSICA
                        Yes.
                          (Choi’s look says “go on”)
                        Two boys. Lionel and Shane.

                                 CHOI
                        How old are they?
                                 JESSICA
                        Eight and six. I had them young.

                                 CHOI
                        You miss them?

                                 JESSICA
                        Yeah.

                                 CHOI
                        Were they . . . Were they on the 
                        plane?

                                 JESSICA
                        No.

                                 CHOI
                        That’s lucky.

                                 JESSICA
                        What about you? You must have a 
                        family out there.

                                 CHOI
                        Yeah. Mom and dad and two sisters.

                                 JESSICA
                        Older or younger?

                                 CHOI
                        Younger. I was gonna see them in a 
                        week. Hadn’t been home in like, a 
                        year. I didn’t go home last summer 
                        and Tom and Mark and I, we were 
                        taking this post-grad trip, y’know, 
                        before we all got desk jobs and 
                        shit.
                          (breaks down as he 
                           continues:)
                        A week, a week and we were gonna be 
                        back in the Bay and they’re dead, 
                        they’re fucking dead, they’re 
                        fucking dead, they’re fucking dead. 
                        I’m never gonna see my family . . . 

           Choi sobs into his arm, a total wreck. Jessica looks on with 
           sympathy. Not quite sure if she can help.

           After a few moments, she crawls over to Choi and wraps him in 
           a hug. He keeps crying into her shoulder.

           FLASH: Jessica on the floor of her house. Fresh bruises on 
           her. Blood from her shoulder, the gash we’ve seen before. 
           Mascara-smeared tears. A POP SONG plays on the radio in the 
           background . . . 

           Lionel comes up to his mother and sits down next to her and 
           hugs her. Shane does the same.

           Jessica pulls Choi closer.

           THE SONG mixes with Jessica’s sobs as her boys hug her close. 
           They’re frightened. She starts to SING ALONG to the radio to 
           calm them down . . .

           In the present, Jessica sings along with her memory. It’s a 
           little rough as she finds her voice, but it’s comforting.

           Jessica’s voice reassures her boys as she calms herself too -

           And, as Jessica keeps singing to Choi, her voice matching the 
           tempo and tone of the past more and more . . . 

           The SONG BLEEDS INTO THE PRESENT. Its full pop arrangement 
           blasts in the barren cave as Jessica sings, hugging the 
           sobbing young man close, giving him what little comfort she 
           can as the rain falls outside.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Choi fills the water bottle from the stream.

           He glances over at Jessica, who’s washing her face. She 
           grimaces, a little unsteady, holding her side.

                                 CHOI
                        There might still be supplies on 
                        the boat. And if the radio still 
                        works . . .

           Jessica nods, “okay.”

           EXT. THE BEACH - DAY

           Blood mottles the sand where Mark’s body was yesterday.

           The SAILBOAT, half-sunk on the beachhead. Carl has torn it to 
           pieces, ripping a gaping hole in the hull and crushing the 
           mast into the deck. Blood and a fluttering scrap of clothing 
           are the only signs of where Tom died.

                                 CHOI
                        Where are their bodies?

           Undeterred, Jessica starts towards the boat. Choi follows.
           INT. SAILBOAT - CONTINUOUS

           Water has invaded the boat’s guts.

           Jessica and Choi search the small cabin and main area, 
           opening the cabinets and boxes that haven’t been torn apart. 
           Most of what they find is ruined.

           Choi pulls out the GPS unit, smashed to bits. The RADIO too - 
           both broken beyond repair. 

           Jessica finds an intact FIRST AID KIT. A hand-crank powered 
           FLASHLIGHT. She gives the flashlight a whirl - still works.

           All of the food has been thoroughly soaked.

           BELOW DECK, Jessica finds two spare gas canisters in a LOCKED  
           CAGE. She tries to open it, but the door won’t budge and she 
           can’t get the lock off. Leaves it.

           Choi picks up a tackle box and fishing line from his CABIN. 
           Grabs a blanket too.

           Jessica puts the spare clothing she finds in her bag.

           EXT. SAILBOAT - CONTINUOUS

           They meet on the deck. Choi hands Jessica the fishing line.

                                 JESSICA
                        Radio?

           Choi shakes his head “no.” He looks over the blood-soaked 
           slats where Tom died. Something catches his eye - he kneels 
           down and picks TWO OF TOM’S TEETH from the wood.

           Overwhelmed, he suddenly drops them. Trying to hold back the 
           horror and whatever bodily reactions come with it.

           Jessica lets him stay there for a moment.

           EXT. TREELINE - DUSK

           They leave the wreckage behind, taking all they can carry 
           with them into the forest.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Using the first aid kit, Choi helps Jessica change her 
           bandage by the fire (she’s already changed his). She winces 
           as he finishes tightening it.
                                 JESSICA
                        Thank you.

           She puts her shirt and jacket back on. Notices Choi 
           shivering, even though he’s by the fire. Hands him a blanket. 
           He pulls it over his shoulders, but he’s still cold.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        You get used to it.

           Jessica picks up a stone. Offers it to Choi. He doesn’t get 
           it; she gestures to the tally wall. “Mark your name.”

                                 CHOI
                        I don’t want to get used to it.

           He won’t take the stone. Jessica goes and marks another day 
           on the wall for herself.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           The fire’s burnt down to just a flicker while Jessica slept. 
           A POP-WOOSH jerks her awake as RED LIGHT floods the cave.

           Jessica jumps to her feet -

           EXT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           She hurries outside to see Choi reloading the FLARE GUN. The 
           first flare he fired hangs high in the night sky, casting red 
           light down onto them.

                                 JESSICA
                        Choi!

           Ignoring her, he finishes reloading and fires a second flare.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        What are you doing?!

                                 CHOI
                        Someone out there will see the 
                        flares and they’ll come get us -

           A RUSTLING from the trees gets Jessica’s attention. She cuts 
           Choi off by grabbing his wrist and yanking him back towards 
           the cave with her -

           INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           She pulls him inside and rushes to stomp out the fire.
                                 CHOI
                        What the -

                                 JESSICA
                        Shut up.

                                 CHOI
                        I -

           Jessica rushes over and clamps her hand over Choi’s mouth, 
           pressing them both against the wall of the cave. He’s 
           confused and tries to fight it until he hears -

           THUMP. THUMP. The crack of branches underfoot. The low rumble 
           from the Beast’s throat and the hiss of his breathing.

           Jessica holds her breath as   a SHADOW appears in the light 
           from the flares, stretching into the cave -

           CARL’S RIGHT OUTSIDE.

           Choi’s about to make a sound but Jessica clamps his mouth 
           shut harder. Be silent, be still . . .

           She can hear Carl SNIFFING outside, trying to figure out 
           where the light came from.

           And then, with a rustle of branches and plodding footsteps - 
           he leaves.

           Jessica keeps silent for several moments longer before 
           finally removing her hand from Choi’s mouth. The red light of 
           the flare disappearing.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry.

                                 JESSICA
                        The fire stays out tonight.

           As the last of the flare fades away, Jessica lies back down.

                                                         FADE TO:

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           Six more tallies under Jessica’s name on the wall.
           EXT. RIVER - DAY

           It’s sprinkling. Jessica stands upstream, knee deep in the 
           water. She’s holding a stick with FISHING LINE tied to it in 
           her hands - a makeshift fishing rod.

           Choi watches intently as Jessica gets a BITE - 

                                 JESSICA
                        Oh!

                                 CHOI
                        Okay, slowly now, slowly . . .

           Jessica starts to reel the flopping fish in, bit by bit, 
           until it’s close enough for her to pull it out of the water. 
           She pins it to a rock and kills it with her knife. Looks up 
           at Choi, smiling.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        You’re getting the hang of it.

                                 JESSICA
                        I think I like my net more.

                                 CHOI
                        Once you get good at this, you’ll 
                        come around.

                                 JESSICA
                        Still a ways to go.

           She gestures to the three fish at Choi’s feet as he helps her 
           out of the river.

                                 CHOI
                        I’ve had a lot of practice. I’m 
                        surprised you never learned to fish 
                        before, I thought that was like, a 
                        big thing in Seattle.

                                 JESSICA
                        My husband fished. Never showed me 
                        how. But he went fishing to drink 
                        with his buddies and get away from 
                        me, so . . .

           Jessica realizes she’s said more than she meant to and starts 
           to gather up the fish and supplies.

                                 CHOI
                        You have a husband?
                          (no response)
                                 (MORE)
                                 CHOI (CONT'D)
                        I mean, you’ve just never mentioned 
                        him -

                                 JESSICA
                        Yeah. I had a husband. Now I’m 
                        here, and it’s an improvement.

           She grabs the last fish and marches off. Choi follows.

           EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

                                 CHOI
                        I was just curious, okay? I didn’t 
                        mean it in a bad way.

           She ignores him. Choi spots a bush covered in RED BERRIES.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Hey hey hold up!

           Jessica turns to see Choi gathering up a fistful of the red 
           berries she tried to eat on her first day here. She’s about 
           to say something as he pops a few into his mouth -

           But she doesn’t. Choi chews and swallows.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Jessica cooks the fish over the fire. Sounds of Choi VOMITING 
           just outside the cave.

           The fish is just done cooking when Choi enters, wiping his 
           mouth. He sits by the fire. Jessica offers him a fish.

                                 CHOI
                        I can’t.

                                 JESSICA
                        You should eat. It’ll help.

                                 CHOI
                        I don’t think I can keep it down.

                                 JESSICA
                        You can. Those things are nasty, 
                        but they go through your system 
                        quick.

                                 CHOI
                        Wait, you knew? And you let me eat 
                        them?
                                 JESSICA
                        I’m sorry. I was angry.

                                 CHOI
                        Because I asked a question?

                                 JESSICA
                        Let’s just get some sleep.

                                 CHOI
                        I don’t want to sleep! I want my 
                        friends back, I want my life, I 
                        don’t want to be hungry and eat 
                        berries that make me puke and be 
                        stuck on an island with a monster 
                        out of a fucking fantasy!

                                 JESSICA
                        The first week was the hardest for 
                        me too.

                                 CHOI
                        Did you ever even try to escape? 
                        You won’t make a bonfire -

                                 JESSICA
                        I did. Carl saw it.

                                 CHOI
                        A raft then, you build a raft and 
                        take it out -

                                 JESSICA
                        And die of starvation in the middle 
                        of the ocean. If I don’t drown 
                        first.

                                 CHOI
                        You don’t know that! You haven’t 
                        tried! The two of us, we could 
                        gather wood from the boat and rig 
                        something -

                                 JESSICA
                        You think I want to be stuck on 
                        this island any more than you?

                                 CHOI
                        You’re the one who said it was an 
                        improvement.
                          (she hesitates)
                        Back there, you -
                                 JESSICA
                        I know what I said.

                                 CHOI
                        Well is it?

           Jessica’s look is his answer.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        You can’t really mean that. You 
                        can’t - 

                                 JESSICA
                        So why ask?

                                 CHOI
                        Because - 

                                 JESSICA
                        “It can’t be that bad,” right? 
                        Everyone says that. They say it so 
                        much you start believing it.

                                 CHOI
                        You must want to go home.

                                 JESSICA
                        I don’t want to be here.

                                 CHOI
                        Your kids - 

                                 JESSICA
                        What about them, Choi?

                                 CHOI
                        Don’t you care about them? You get 
                        on a plane and you don’t come back, 
                        how do you think they feel? Doesn’t 
                        that matter? Every day they wake up 
                        thinking that Mom is never going to 
                        come home, that she’s dead, and you 
                        could get back to them if you just 
                        fucking tried -

                                 JESSICA
                        Stop talking.

           There’s a violence in her voice that silences him. Choi turns 
           away, ashamed.

           Jessica softens, just a little. She reaches for her jacket. 
           Opens the inside pocket, finds the plastic baggie with the 
           letter. Opens the letter.
                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Dear Lionel and Shane.

           Choi turns as Jessica’s voice catches. He sees the letter and 
           waits for her to continue. When she does, she struggles to 
           keep her voice steady, slipping as she goes.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        I want you to know that Mommy loves 
                        you. That’s the first thing. The 
                        second thing is that I’m sorry. I’m 
                        sorry I did this to you. I know you 
                        don’t understand, but I had to 
                        leave. I had to go somewhere far 
                        away and I can’t come home just 
                        yet. Maybe not for a while. I wish 
                        I could hold you close and tell you 
                        why with my own voice, but I can’t. 
                        I can’t come home to you because I 
                        can’t come home to Daddy. He’s 
                        probably very mad right now and I 
                        need you to know that he’s mad at 
                        me, not you. I stayed for as long 
                        as I could because I love you both 
                        very much. But I had to leave 
                        before something really bad 
                        happened, so that Daddy and I can 
                        figure things out. I’ll call you 
                        when I can. I love you. Be good. 
                        Please, be good. Love, Mommy.

           She folds the letter and returns it to its home. Choi watches 
           her with something new in his eyes. Jessica turns away for a 
           long moment, pulling herself back together from the inside.

                                 CHOI
                        Jessica -

                                 JESSICA
                        I abandoned my boys. Plane crash or 
                        no. I left, I left them with him, 
                        and it doesn’t matter if I planned 
                        to come back someday or not. And if 
                        I had to, I think I’d do it again.

                                 CHOI
                        I shouldn’t have said that.
                        I’m sorry.

           Jessica takes a beat before she turns back. Offers Choi the 
           stone again, the tally wall. He hesitates.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        I’m not giving up.
                                 JESSICA
                        I’m not asking you to.

           He’s still deeply upset. Jessica keeps going:

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        I was alone. For a long time. I 
                        told myself that my husband loved 
                        me, because those were the words he 
                        kept saying. I told myself he would 
                        stop, he’d get better. But he 
                        didn’t and he wouldn’t, and for a 
                        moment, just a moment, I was able 
                        to run and I knew I had to go 
                        somewhere he would never find me. 
                        So I put an ocean between us.
                          (then)
                        This is where we are. Sometimes you 
                        just . . . Survive.

           Jessica moves close to Choi and pulls him into a hug. 
           Forgiving him. Silently telling him it’ll be all right, that 
           they’ll get through this together. Choi holds back a sob.

           After a long, comforting moment, the embrace ends. Tears fall 
           from Choi’s eyes as he picks up the stone.

           Choi goes to the wall and carves his name, marks his days.

                                       CHOI

                                      ||||||

           He stands there, taking it in. Accepting it. Then he picks up 
           the flashlight and water bottle.

                                 CHOI
                        We’ll need water for the morning. 
                        And I wanna rinse the vomit taste 
                        out of my mouth.

           Jessica starts to get up too, but Choi gestures “it’s okay.”

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        I know the way to the stream. It 
                        rained earlier, he won’t be out. I 
                        . . . I think I need the walk.

                                 JESSICA
                        Okay.
                          (then)
                        Choi? I’m sorry about the berries.
           Choi nods, accepting her apology. Jessica settles back and 
           picks up her notebook as he cranks the flashlight and steps 
           out into the night.

           After a moment Jessica stops writing, closing her eyes with 
           the pen pressed to the page. Allowing herself hope.

           Before she hears the SCREAM.

           EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica sprints towards the blood-curdling howl, ignoring the 
           branches ripping at her skin -

           Running towards the glow that could only be the FLASHLIGHT -

           Another scream pierces the night and is abruptly cut off.

           Jessica runs harder.

           She reaches the glow and skids to a stop -- the flashlight 
           and water bottle lie in the dirt in front of her.

           Jessica picks up the flashlight as it starts to flicker -

                                 CHOI (O.S.)
                        Jessica . . . 

           Jessica whirls to Choi’s voice - 

           The flickering light finds him LYING IN THE DIRT, BLOOD 
           STREAMING FROM HIS FACE AND TORSO.

                                 CHOI (CONT’D)
                        Help . . .

           Jessica can’t even move before Carl’s TALONS PIERCE CHOI’S 
           BACK and YANK HIM INTO THE DARKNESS.

                                 JESSICA
                        NO!

           She runs after them, following the trail of blood, racing -

           But even carrying Choi, Carl’s too fast.

           The blood trail grows spotty and all of a sudden she can’t 
           find it anymore.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        CHOI!!
           She spins around looking for a sign of him, anything - but 
           she can’t find the trail again.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        CHOI!!!!

           She’s lost him.

           EXT. WATERFALL - NIGHT

           Jessica weeps atop the waterfall.

           Broken, exhausted, finished. She can’t stop the horrible sobs 
           from wracking her body.

           Not an ounce of hope left.

           Slowly, she stands.

           Shuffling her way to the edge.

           She looks over.

           If she jumped towards the rocks, the fall could kill her.

           Maybe that wouldn’t be so bad.

           It’s not like she has anything else left.

           Jessica starts to slide one foot over the edge.

           She can let go now.

           All it takes is one little step into thin air. Then she won’t 
           have to fight anymore.

           She looks, one last time, at the world in moonlight.

           Glances down across the waterfall and sees him.

           Carl. Watching from below, his eyes gleaming, egging her on. 
           Waiting for her to do it.

           She meets his gaze.

           And it fills her with rage.

           She’s shaking with it.

           Jessica steps back from the ledge.

                                 JESSICA
                        FUCK YOU!!!
           She’s not going to die tonight.

           She’ll live just to spite this motherfucker.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        FUCK!!! YOU!!!

           A feral snarl on her lips as she screams it.

           From far below, Carl looks up at his adversary.

           He almost seems to be grinning.

           INT. CAVE - VARIOUS (TIME PASSING)

           Jessica opens up her notebook. She writes, and continues to 
           write over what follows:

           - She uses supplies from the med kit to patch herself up. Her 
           wound is healing - still ugly, but on the mend.

           - She lays out her supplies, taking stock of everything she 
           has. Not much at all - the flare gun (with no cartridges), 
           flashlight, fishing line & tackle, what’s left of the med 
           kit, rope, water bottle, scattered clothing, two blankets, 
           and her precious pen & notebook.

           - ON THE NOTEBOOK: she’s writing something about Choi.

           - She makes a second, larger net from vines.

           - Makes another, better wooden spear.

           - She marks time on the wall.

           She finishes writing and considers her notebook.

                                 JESSICA
                        Better than a volleyball.

           EXT. CAVE - DAY

           A new day. Jessica shoulders her pack and spear and exits her 
           shelter, heading towards the stream.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Two nets are set up in the river, TRAPS. There’s a smaller 
           fish in one of them. Jessica takes it, thwacks it against a 
           rock to kill it, and strings it to her bag. Easy.
           EXT. TREELINE - NIGHT

           Sitting comfortably against a tree, Jessica cuts slices from 
           a mango and eats, looking out over the moonlit beach. 
           Movement in the water catches her eye.

           TURTLES. More than a few, making their way up the beach.

           Jessica keeps eating her mango, watching as the turtles dig 
           NESTS and lay EGGS in the sand. A strange, beautiful ritual 
           in pale moonlight.

           She’s finished the whole mango by the time they’re done.

           She waits until the last turtle slips back into the ocean.

           EXT. THE BEACH - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica walks to one of the turtle nests. Digs in the sand 
           and comes up with two ping-pong-ball size EGGS.

           She considers for a moment, then slips the eggs into the side 
           pouch on her pack. Fills the hole she dug back up.

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           Morning. Jessica takes the turtle eggs out of her bag.

           They’re still a little slimy - she has to wash them off. But 
           the shells crack easily, and she slurps up the contents. 
           Smiles - a new taste. She hasn’t had any of those in a while.

           They give her an idea . . . 

           EXT. STREAM

           She goes to her nets - unhooks one and takes it with her.

           EXT. THE BEACH - DAY

           Jessica moves in an arc down the beach, watching a second 
           batch of turtles nesting. Net and spear in hand.

           Most are clustered a fair distance away, by their eggs. One 
           straggler, however, is moving up the beach closer to Jessica.

           She considers it - this big sea creature minding its own 
           business, moving without regard to her - before she attacks.
           She whips the net over the turtle, yanking back and catching 
           it by surprise.

           The turtle SNAPS, trying to bite and wriggle its way free.

           Struggling mightily against her.

           Flipping her spear around, Jessica jabs at the turtle with 
           the blunt end, trying to force it into its shell.

           They struggle for a moment longer, and then Jessica manages 
           to dig her spear under the turtle and, with no small effort, 
           FLIP IT ONTO ITS BACK.

           The turtle panics, its flippers flailing, wailing.

           Jessica drives her spear deep into its belly. The turtle goes 
           into shock, craning its head - looking at her as it dies.

           A momentary pity creeps into Jessica’s eyes. She glances 
           across the beach, to the other turtles laying eggs.

           Then she starts to haul her kill off the beach.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Dragging the turtle back to her cave.

           She hears Carl before she sees him.

           Jumping to her feet, Jessica readies her spear.

           Carl emerges cautiously from the trees, circling her.

           Jessica wards him off with the spear. He stays just out of 
           range. Hissing.

           But he starts to encroach on her, testing the boundaries.

           Jessica jabs with the spear to force him a step back and 
           pulls the FLARE GUN from her bag. Levels it at Carl.

           Carl recognizes it instantly. Hisses, nastier this time. 
           Still circling. Looking for his chance.

           As they pace around each other, Jessica realizes he’s not 
           going to back off. And while he may not know the flare gun is 
           empty, she can’t just threaten him with it forever.

           So slowly, she starts to back up. Still keeping the gun aimed 
           at him. But leaving the turtle carcass behind.

           Carl advances on the turtle in response. 
           Jessica stops as Carl drags the turtle and net toward him 
           with one hand.

           Suddenly the Beast scurries away with his prize.

           Jessica releases a heavy breath and lets the flare gun drop.

           She sees the TRAIL OF BLOOD the turtle left on the ground as 
           Carl dragged it . . . 

           EXT. FOREST - LATER

           Jessica follows the blood trail. It leads her uphill, on a 
           path around the waterfall.

           EXT. ROCK FORMATION - LATER

           Past the waterfall, upstream a little ways.

           The blood trail leads to the entrance of a LARGE CAVE.

           CARL’S LAIR.

           Jessica looks it over with apprehension - and curiosity.

           INT. CARL’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica peers into the long, dark tunnel leading deep into 
           the cave. Takes the flashlight from her bag, cranks it.

           Turns it on and shines it into the Cave.

           The light flickers, unsteady, over the uneven path down.

           She takes the first step tentatively, like she’s afraid the 
           floor will fall out from under her.

           Starts her descent into the darkness.

           She watches her footing with every step. Freezes when she 
           kicks a loose rock and it rattles down the tunnel.

           The flashlight goes out, plunging the path forward into 
           darkness. Jessica cranks it again - the whirring noise 
           amplified by the tunnel’s walls.

           She keeps going.
           FURTHER IN

           A curve in the tunnel. Jessica’s about to step around it when 
           she hears shuffling, movement from around the corner - Carl.

           She ducks into an ALCOVE in the cave wall and covers the 
           flashlight with her hand.

           The shuffling passes. Jessica takes her hand off the 
           flashlight and sees what’s just behind her in the alcove:

           BONES. A big pile of them. Mostly birds, a few turtle shells.

           The light fades. She cranks again, praying Carl can’t hear.

           She turns the corner and finds herself in:

           THE CAVERN

           A ceiling hollowed out of the stone, 30 feet high. Rock 
           formations jutting from it at off angles. No place for light 
           to sneak in. A tiny bit of condensation falls from a 
           stalactite, drip drip, onto the floor.

           Jessica’s careful as she enters. Scanning for Carl. She makes 
           her way slowly around the perimeter.

           The flashlight goes out. WHIRRRRRR as she cranks it.

           The beam sputters back to life, illuminating the space just 
           ahead - and the GIANT SKELETON in front of her.

           Jessica gasps, just a little, as she realizes what it is. 

           The skeleton is huge, shaped like Carl, but nearly three 
           times his size. The only difference is the bones of a tail, 
           tucked next to the body.

           Jessica steps forward, almost in awe.

           The whole skeleton is displayed with a sort of reverence, 
           like a shrine. Carl’s mother, maybe?

           She places her hand against its forehead.

           Then she hears him.

           Jessica hurries to hide behind the skull. Turning the 
           flashlight off, plunging herself into darkness.

           She can hear him dragging something.

           A pause as he stops moving. Then: TEARING FLESH.
           Jessica tries not to breathe.

           She peers between the bones, and as her eyes adjust to the 
           dark, she can just barely see:

           Across the cavern, Carl strips the meat from the turtle shell 
           and shoves it into his mouth. His talons are bent back, 
           revealing a pair of 3-fingered SECONDARY HANDS in his 
           forearms - which he can use for fine motor work.

           Carl shoves another handful into his mouth and suddenly 
           stops. Like he can sense her.

           Jessica can’t move a muscle.

           Carl almost turns. But -- he goes back to the turtle.

           She needs to find a way out of here.

           She covers the flashlight with her hand and turns it on. 
           Nothing. It needs more juice.

           Jessica takes the handle and tries to crank it slowly - but 
           that won’t give her any power. She has to go faster, which 
           means she has to go louder.

           She doesn’t have a choice. She cranks - a few revolutions, as 
           fast as she can. The flashlight comes to life and she quickly 
           covers the beam with her hand.

           Carl’s stopped chewing.

           Jessica peers out from the skull to see the Beast looking 
           around, searching for the source of the noise. He’s blocking 
           the way she came.

           She takes a risk, turning back and letting a crack of light 
           loose, looking for another exit.

           She sees an opening (one just big enough for Carl) in the 
           cavern wall 20 yards away. It could be another path out, or 
           it could be a dead end . . .

           The flashlight beam flickers. She doesn’t have much time.

           Jessica slips out from behind the skull, as fast and quiet as 
           she can, letting a crack of light loose to see by. Carl’s 
           turned the other way.

           She gets past the skeleton before the flashlight dies again. 
           She can’t see a thing.

           Jessica hugs the wall, feeling her way along it. She can 
           sense Carl turning behind her. She has to hurry - 
           Her pace picks up, and with it her steps get louder . . .

           Carl takes a step in her direction -

           Her fingers find the edge of the OPENING -

           She throws herself around the corner.

           SIDE TUNNEL

           She covers her mouth, staying as silent as she can.

           SHE CAN HEAR HIM PASSING BY THE TUNNEL. His shuffling 
           footsteps, his talons scraping on the rock. The wet hiss of 
           his blowholes sucking air.

           And then he moves on.

           Jessica waits a moment longer before she finally exhales.

           She feels her way down the tunnel.

           FURTHER IN

           She cranks the flashlight to life again. Looks ahead of her 
           to see the tunnel twisting and curving. No way to tell where 
           it leads. Not that she has a choice.

           She turns a corner and sees, just around the next bend: a 
           sliver of DAYLIGHT. A way out.

           As she hurries towards it, her foot catches on something. She 
           stops. Turns the flashlight to the floor.

           A HUMAN FOOT. An old, ratty shoe, flesh decomposed around an 
           exposed ankle.

           Jessica looks up the leg to a SKELETON. Placed against a dip 
           in the wall like a trophy. The flesh is mostly rotted away, 
           what little remains shrivelled around the skeleton. Wisps of 
           hair and the shreds of clothes. Jessica looks at the faded 
           tag on the skeleton’s jacket -- handwritten on it:

                                      C. KIM

           She’s found Christina.

           Something’s against the wall next to Christina too. Jessica 
           turns the flashlight and reveals:

           Three more bodies. MARK (she assumes, his head is crushed), 
           TOM (Carl’s bite lacerating his torso) -

           And CHOI.
           ON Jessica as she stares with crushing horror at what Carl 
           did to her friend’s body. She lets the image burn into her.

           Then, determined, she starts back towards the light.

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           Jessica makes anther mark on the tally wall. There are at 
           least a few hundred now. She traces Choi’s few lonely marks 
           with her finger.

           MONTAGE - TIME PASSING:

           Jessica writes in her diary throughout, as she:

           - Hunts using traps and her spear.

           - Snags a fish, a bird gets away.

           - Hides behind a tree as Carl passes by.

           - Picks fruit.

           - Fishes in the stream.

           - Cuts her hair with the knife.

           - Bathes in the river.

           - Makes fires with the flint rocks. Cooks fish and birds over 
           the it.

           - Marks time on the wall - over a year’s worth of marks.

           - From below, Carl snarls at her as she stands atop the 
           waterfall. Jessica thinks for a moment, then throws one of 
           the FISH dangling from her bad to him. He tests it - a new 
           food. Then he gobbles it down - and retreats.

           - From a distance, Jessica watches as Carl PICKS FRUIT with 
           his SECONDARY HANDS, eating it skin and all.

           - More marks on the wall.

           - In a downpour, Jessica wanders the island freely.

           - When it’s sunny, she RUNS FROM CARL. DROPS A FISH as she 
           runs -- he stops chasing her and picks it up. Jessica turns 
           back to see him standing there, staring at her. A GAME. She 
           keeps running.

           - She throws more fish to him from the waterfall. He fetches.
           - From the Beach, she gathers the old anchor-rope from Choi’s 
           boat. Uses it to make more nets.

           - The turtles return. Jessica steals some of their eggs.

           - She catches another turtle with her net and spear.

           - Cooks the turtle meat over the fire. A feast.

           - The sun sets on the beach. Beautiful.

                                                      END MONTAGE.

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           More and more tallies on the wall. Months later? Years? It’s 
           impossible to know for sure because the tallies trail off 
           near the bottom, with one word scrawled by them:

                                   ||| . . . FUCK

           Jessica wakes with the sunlight. She’s thinner than before - 
           not emaciated, but nowhere close to properly fed. Dirtier, 
           clothing worn and torn. Her shoes, now useless tatters, 
           discarded in a corner. Even her rain jacket has a hole in it. 
           But she looks strangely at ease.

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           She washes in the stream. Might be her first bath in weeks. A 
           nasty scar marks the healed wound in her side.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           She scales a tree and picks the last two starfruit from it. 
           Gets down and starts eating one. Puts the other in her 
           backpack for later. 

           EXT. STREAM - DAY

           Jessica checks her rope-and-vine nets. Empty.

           FURTHER UPSTREAM

           She sees one of her nets wriggling. Hurries to it. Quickly 
           kills the fish inside and hangs it on her pack.
           EXT. THE BEACH - LATER

           She sits on the sand and looks over the ocean like she’s done 
           a thousand times.

           Removes the notebook from her pocket.

           Flips through the pages.

           She’s filled almost all of them.

           The ENVELOPE falls out of the front of the notebook. The old 
           letter to her kids. Jessica picks it up.

           Considers it for a long moment.

           She puts the envelope back in the front of the notebook.

           She flips to one of few blank pages in the back. Uncaps a 
           pen, wets it with her tongue and scratches it on the corner 
           of the page until ink comes out.

           INT. CAVE - DAY

           Jessica shoves her water bottle, flashlight, rope, and 
           jacket, everything she needs for the day, into her pack. 
           Carefully places her NOTEBOOK in the side pouch.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Jessica scans the trees. Spies some mangos, somewhat high up.

           She takes a VINE-WOVEN SLING from her pack and slips it on. 
           Leaves her pack and starts climbing. Reaches the mangos 
           quickly, picks them and puts them in the sling.

           She’s on her way down when she hears the rumble. Tries to 
           hurry. She drops to the ground - 

           And CARL COMES HURTLING out of the trees, SLAMMING into her 
           and bowling her over.

           Jessica yells and rolls out of the way of his next blow, 
           getting to her feet and bringing her knife to the ready.

           They circle each other; Carl makes a few exploratory swipes 
           and Jessica slashes at him with the knife. Neither going in 
           for a serious attack.

           Jessica tosses one of the mangos to him. It rolls to a stop 
           in front of Carl but he doesn’t take it. Jessica tries again, 
           but this time Carl flicks it out of the way.
           He wants to play a different game.

           They circle until they’ve almost traded places.

           Then Carl stops.

           Jessica see’s what he’s standing over: her pack. No -

           Carl SNATCHES UP THE BACKPACK and rushes off with it.

                                 JESSICA
                        NO!

           She chases him, running as fast as she can.

           But he’s gone. She can’t catch up.

           Rage shoots through Jessica, as mad at herself as she is at 
           Carl. She punches a tree:

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Stupid stupid stupid!

           She starts to regain her composure. Looks at her bloodied 
           hand, the skin torn from her knuckles.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           The only things left are firewood, her blanket, and a few 
           dead fish strung up in the corner.

           Jessica paces by the fire. Thinking furiously. She needs that 
           pack. Her notebook’s in there.

           She glances at the fish.

           EXT. CARL’S LAIR - DAY

           A dead fish lies on a rock, ten yards from the entrance.

           ON JESSICA, hiding in the brush a little ways away. She 
           hasn’t slept a wink - watching and waiting.

           She sees his legs emerge from the cave first, pulling his 
           body out into the sunshine. Carl stretches and yawns in the 
           warm air. Scratches his face with his forearm, like a dog.

           Carl stops when he sees the fish. Approaches it, wary.

           He pokes the fish, just to make sure it’s dead.
           Carl bends the talons on one forearm back, exposing his 
           secondary hand. Picks up the fish.

           And then he sees the second one. Maybe 15 yards away.

           He starts towards it.

           Jessica’s body tenses with anticipation.

           Carl picks up the second fish. Looks around until he sees a 
           third. He hurries toward it, excited.

           He’s taken the bait.

           Jessica HURRIES over open ground from the brush to the 
           entrance to Carl’s lair, looking over her shoulder to make 
           sure Carl hasn’t turned back.

           INT. CARL’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica hurries down the tunnel, rounding the first corner 
           and immediately slowing her pace.

           She can barely see in front of her.

           Determined, she walks as quickly as she can, her arms in 
           front of her face to try and guide her.

           She nearly runs into a wall. Starts to feel her way along it, 
           her pace picking up.

           Carl could come back at any moment.

           She comes to the second turn, the entrance to the main 
           cavern. She can hear the drip-drip of condensation falling 
           from the ceiling.

           She steps into the main cavern, totally blind.

           Each step unsteady.

           Slowly, she lowers herself to her hands and knees. She can 
           move faster like this, sweeping the area in front of her with 
           her arms, searching for her bag.

           One hand slips in a puddle of something she prays is water.

           This is taking too long. He’s going to be on his way back 
           with the fish. She won’t even see him as he kills her.

           Jessica picks up the pace, sweeping her arms wide.

           Moving deeper into the cave.
           Deeper.

           Deeper.

           The edge of her finger swipes against something. Jessica 
           stops. Sweeps again.

           The material rustles as she touches it. HER PACK.

           Jessica hurriedly drags the it to her. Feels the side pocket, 
           her notebook - thank god, it’s still there.

           She finds the top and undoes the snaps and drawstring.

           Shoves her hand into the bag, fishing around. C’mon, c’mon -

           Yes! She pulls her flashlight from the bag and fumbles for 
           the handle. Cranks it with a whirrrrrrrrr -

           Clicks it on just in time to see CARL BARRELING TOWARDS HER.

           Jessica dives out of the way, Carl’s arm just missing her. He 
           skids to a halt.

           Jessica’s already on her feet, slinging the pack over her 
           shoulders and racing towards the exit, the flashlight’s 
           bouncing beam going everywhere.

           She hears Carl charging again. Ducks.

           This time, she didn’t quite move fast enough.

           Carl clips her, sending her spinning and tumbling to the 
           ground. The flashlight falls from her hand. She scrambles to 
           pick it up again, get to her feet.

           Turns to see Carl blocking the exit.

           He’s moving in slowly, thinks he has her trapped. Talons 
           clacking on stone. Taking his time. Still playing.

           Jessica looks back to the other OPENING in the cavern wall. 
           Her one shot.

           She takes out her water bottle. Removes the cap.

           Runs for it.

           Carl chases.

           He nearly intercepts her just before the opening, but Jessica 
           splashes the bottle’s contents in Carl’s face.
           She hurries by him as he mewls and shakes the water off, 
           buying her just enough time to duck into the:

           TUNNEL

           Jessica runs though its twists and turns as fast as she can.

           Carl close behind. He doesn’t have to squeeze much to fit in 
           here, but he can’t stretch out to his full length, and that 
           slows him down.

           The flashlight fades and Jessica cranks it on the run.

           Flying by the bodies of Christina and the boys from the boat.

           Carl’s foot crushes their outstretched legs as he passes.

           Jessica hurries towards the sliver of daylight.

           Carl still gaining.

           She reaches the other end of the tunnel - the crack in the 
           wall that she can just barely fit through. Her pack blocks 
           her and she takes it off, shoving it ahead of her.

           Jessica squeezes through the crack.

           Carl’s just around the corner.

           She’s almost there -

           Carl’s arm reaches for her -

           The FLASHLIGHT slips from her hand -

           And Jessica falls through the other side!

           MAIN TUNNEL

           Jessica scrambles to pick up the pack as Carl tries to grab 
           her through the crack. He can’t reach.

           With a screech, he turns around, looping back.

           Jessica runs through the tunnel.

           EXT. CARL’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           For 50 yards after she clears the cave entrance, Jessica 
           appears safe. Running for no good reason.

           Until Carl comes roaring out of the tunnel behind her.
           Jessica pushes herself, running as fast as she can.

           Turns to the river and starts to run parallel to it.

           Carl’s gaining, quickly.

           Jessica sprints along the river. A hundred yards ahead -

           EXT. WATERFALL - CONTINUOUS

           Jessica flashes a glance over her shoulder to see Carl 
           bounding closer and closer.

           Her eyes turn back to the fast-approaching waterfall.

           She can’t turn to the forest.

           She’ll never make it in time.

           One other option.

           Jessica pours on extra speed.

           50 yards.

           Carl picks up his pace too -

           He’s almost on top of her --

           With one final burst as she reaches the edge of the 
           waterfall, without hesitation, Jessica yells -

           AND JUMPS.

           The world SLOWS DOWN as Jessica realizes just a millisecond 
           too late that she’s miscalculated.

           Instead of hitting the water, she’s going to hit the GROUND. 
           The impact certain to kill her.

           CARL LEAPS AFTER HER.

           Swinging his big arm -

           He SMACKS Jessica in the side -
           The blow CHANGING HER TRAJECTORY JUST ENOUGH TO SEND HER 
           TOWARDS THE LAKE.

           TIME CATCHES UP to her almost before she realizes.

           Arms flailing, legs kicking, the water hurtling towards her.

           Jessica points her toes and straightens her body like an 
           arrow just in time.

           SMACK! She hits the water and slices through it, plunging 
           deep. The pack YANKING up on her armpits. Almost tearing.

           A DULL THUMP from above, as Carl hits the ground.

           Slowly, she comes to a natural halt.

           Starts to swim back up.

           Jessica breaks the surface and shakes her hair from her eyes. 

           She turns to look at Carl, lying at the edge of the lake. The 
           impact didn’t kill him, but it hurt - moving seems painful.

           He makes eye contact with her as she realizes.

           He just saved her life.

           The realization makes Jessica’s blood run cold.

           Carl watches as she starts to swim downstream, away from him. 
           The pack safely on her back.

           INT. CAVE - NIGHT

           Jessica lays all of her soaked things out by the fire to dry.

           She takes her notebook from the pack and opens the plastic 
           baggie it’s encased in -- breathes a sigh of relief when she 
           feels it’s still dry.

           She glances over the tally wall, all the time she’s spent 
           here and stopped keeping track of. The two other names on the 
           wall that weren’t as lucky as she was.

           FLASH: her Husband throws her into the dresser.

           Sometime after that (her shoulder is bandaged), he holds her 
           close in bed, kissing her forehead. A genuine warmth to it. 
           Jessica accepts it, pretending this is all there is.

           She puts the notebook in her jacket pocket.
           Curls up with her blanket and goes to sleep.

           INT. CAVE - MORNING

           A noise she doesn’t quite recognize wakes her up. Faint, 
           somewhere in the distance.

           Takes a moment to rouse herself. The embers of the fire still 
           faintly glowing, her belongings laid out and dry.

           She listens to the noise more carefully - an animal? Whatever 
           it is, it sounds distressed.

           She pulls the blanket off and puts on her jacket. Knife in 
           her pocket. Leaves everything else behind.

           EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS

           The distressed sound is louder now. More insistent.

           Jessica scans the forest as she walks towards the noise. She 
           sees nothing.

           The noise gets more intense as she gets closer and she 
           recognizes it as bleating. An animal in pain.

           She keeps heading towards it.

           She’s maybe 100 yards from her cave.

           The bleating is so loud now she must nearly be on top of it -

           It’s coming from behind the tree in front of her.

           Jessica takes out her knife. Circles around the tree in a 
           wide arc, until she sees what it is:

           A TURTLE. Placed against the tree, crying out. Its shell 
           SPLIT, blood welling from it. Flippers slashed to ribbons.

           Jessica realizes the turtle for what it is too late.

           A trap.

           She turns back and sprints for the cave.

           Hears the crash as she’s running.
           EXT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS

           She comes flying out of the forest, stumbling to a stop and 
           gasping at what she sees:

           Carl has CAVED IN the entrance to her home, bringing rocks 
           down over the opening and blocking it off.

           With everything she has inside.

                                 JESSICA
                        No, no, no . . .

           She hurries to the cave and tries to pull the stones away.

           She can toss aside some of the smaller ones.

           But the big rocks are immovable.

           She’ll never get back inside.

           Jessica SCREAMS into the stones.

           A beat, and then:

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        You’ll never let me leave.

           When she looks up again, only rage is left.

           EXT. THE BEACH - DAY

           Jessica stalks towards the scuttled sailboat. Only the jacket 
           on her back and the knife in her pocket.

           She picks up a heavy stone.

           INT. SAILBOAT - CONTINUOUS

           It’s drifted into the shallows, in far worse shape than we 
           last saw it. Waterlogged, the wood rotting from the inside. 
           Rust creeping along its iron parts.

           Jessica carries the rock to the engine area. The heavy lock 
           on the gate between her and the FUEL CANISTERS.

           She raises the rock and brings it down hard.

           The lock stays intact. So she does it again. And again.

           Again and again without pause until the lock breaks.
           She rips the door open.

           She tries to pick up both fuel canisters at once. But they’re 
           too heavy. So she grabs one and hauls it off the ship.

           EXT. THE BEACH - CONTINUOUS

           She throws the canister down and goes back for the second.

           INT. SAILBOAT - CONTINUOUS

           The second canister is lodged in place, stuck on something 
           Carl broke when he wrecked the boat. Jessica struggles to 
           pull it free and finally does.

           EXT. THE BEACH - CONTINUOUS

           She drops it on the beach with the first.

           Looks up the long hill ahead of her.

           The path to Carl’s Lair.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           Jessica hauls the gas canisters through the forest.

           It’s slow going. She forces herself to keep moving. When she 
           moves one canister 50 yards, she goes back for the other.

           And so on.

           No matter how much her body protests.

           Single-minded fury on her face.

           EXT. FOREST BY CARL’S LAIR - LATER

           She finally drags the second of the gas canisters to a thick 
           patch of brush at the edge of the woods by Carl’s cave.

           Takes care to hide them from view.

           EXT. THE BEACH - DUSK

           The sun is halfway done setting by the time Jessica gets back 
           to the beach.
           INT. SAILBOAT - CONTINUOUS

           She boards.

           Takes one last look around at the thing that might have been 
           her salvation.

           Then she takes the stone and bashes a hole in the fuel tank.

           Hammers away until it splits open and gasoline spills all 
           over the floor, into the water.

           EXT. THE BEACH - MINUTES LATER

           Jessica tears strips of fabric from the bottom of her shirt. 
           Ties each around a long stick. Torches.

           She rapidly strikes two new flint stones together until she 
           gets sparks. Lights the kindling she’s set up and holds the 
           torches to it until they start to burn.

           She carries them both down the beach.

           And throws one onto the gasoline-soaked boat.

           The flames start to spread instantly.

           Jessica doesn’t wait to see. She takes the other torch and 
           heads back up the beach, towards the woods.

           Flames lick the boat’s insides and spill out the top, turning 
           the whole thing into a giant FIRE BEACON.

           You could see it for miles.

           EXT. WATERFALL - NIGHT

           Darkness has fallen.

           Jessica reaches the top of the waterfall and looks back to 
           the beach. The fire burning bright.

           She can see Carl ON THE BEACH, silhouetted in orange. 
           Rejoicing at the flames.

           She tears herself away from the view.

           EXT. FOREST BY THE WATERFALL - NIGHT

           Jessica picks up the first of the gas canisters.
           EXT. CARL’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           She rolls the can down the tunnel.

           Goes back for the second.

           She leaves it by the tunnel entrance.

           INT. CARL’S LAIR - MOMENTS LATER

           Lit by the flickering torch, Jessica hurries down the tunnel 
           until she finds the where the canister came to a rest.

           Grabs it and drags it with her.

           She hauls it all the way to the center of the cavern.

           Picks up a rock and smashes it down on the metal can until 
           she’s knocked a hole in it.

           Leaving the torch in the middle of the room, Jessica spreads 
           the gas everywhere.

           On the floor. Over the moss growing on the walls.

           On the SKELETON Carl arranged with such reverence. She 
           considers the skull for a second before SMASHING IT IN with 
           the canister for good measure.

           In the SMALLER TUNNEL, Jessica pours gasoline on Christina 
           and the boy’s bodies.

           Back in the CAVERN, Jessica drags the still-leaking canister 
           with her. Picks up her torch.

           Up the tunnel.

           She lets the last of it out not too far from the entrance.

           EXT. CARL’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           She drops the empty canister as she exits. Turns to the 
           second can of gas.

           She KICKS it, hard, down the tunnel.

           Listens to it bang against rock as it rolls.

           Her grip tightens around the torch.

           She’s ready.
           Jessica tosses the torch into the small puddle of gasoline 
           she left by the entrance.

           It catches instantly, tracing its way down the path she made 
           on her way back up.

           Jessica starts to run away, back to the brush.

           The fire hurries down the gasoline trail.

           Jessica makes it to

           THE BRUSH

           And turns back just in time.

           BOOM! An EXPLOSION! Flames lick at the entrance of the cave.

           ON THE BEACH

           Carl turns to the noise.

           He sees the red-orange glow at the top of his hill.

           Starts bounding towards it.

           BACK WITH JESSICA

           She can hear him howling.

           She watches as the flames somehow keep growing brighter, 
           hotter. Like something’s adding to them.

           CARL HURTLES THROUGH THE TREES TOWARDS HIS HOME.

           Jessica stays hidden as Carl comes skidding out of the trees, 
           his eyes on the fire. He seems to freeze, just for a moment, 
           before he starts running for the cave. Limping from his fall 
           off the waterfall.

           He’s 20 yards away when:

           BOOOM! A SECOND BLAST ERUPTS, far bigger than the first.

           The fireball flares out, nearly touching Carl.

           Jessica must have set off some sort of natural gas.

           The Beast screeches, the sound tinged with deep distress.

           He’s not just agitated - he’s panicking.

           Keeps shuffling to the cave and forced back by the heat. 
           Forces himself a few steps into the tunnel and pulls away 
           when fire wraps itself around his forearm.

           He freaks, shaking his arm, desperately trying to put it out.

           Smothers the flames with his body and moans.

           He stands, unsteadily.

           Turns to the cave with a plaintive HOWL, realizing his home 
           is utterly destroyed.

           Jessica’s never seen Carl like this.

           And she’s enjoying it.

           A sick smile on her face, the flames reflected in her eyes.

           HIGH ABOVE THE ISLAND

           The two raging fires, BEACONS, billowing smoke and red ash 
           into the night.

           EXT. FOREST - MORNING

           Curled up on the ground, Jessica stirs herself awake. The 
           smell of smoke heavy in the air.

           The cave is still burning. Carl is nowhere to be seen.

           EXT. WATERFALL - DAY

           She slowly makes her way down the steep, wet path. Exhausted, 
           dehydrated, weak.

           Goes to the lake’s edge and drinks from the water. Splashes 
           some on her face and arms, wiping away soot and dirt.

           Something on the rocks by the waterfall catches her eye.

           Takes her vision a moment to focus, make out what it is.

           Her FLASHLIGHT.

           Just sitting there on a rock.

           How the hell did it get there?

           Jessica stands, water dripping from her. Approaches slowly. 
           She stumbles, losing her footing, the world spinning just a 
           little. Stops to orient herself.
           She looks around, wary. Did she drop the flashlight when she 
           jumped and not remember? She can’t think clearly.

           There’s no ominous rustling of treetops, no birds flying fast 
           away, no sign of Carl.

           She’s too out of it to consider anything except how much she 
           needs that flashlight.

           In her haze, Jessica reaches . . .

           Her fingers wrap around it . . . 

           She gives it the gentlest of tugs . . .

           She feels it go immediately, and just a moment too late.

           The rope tugs, the branch moves, the stone FALLS - all so 
           fast she doesn’t have time to register what’s happening until 
           the ROCK COMES SMASHING DOWN ON HER HAND.

           Jessica screams. Loud.

           Her left hand is pinned up to her wrist beneath the rock.

           When the first wave of agony passes she tries using her free 
           hand to push the rock up. But it’s too heavy; she can only 
           budge it a millimeter. 

           She tries pulling her hand free. The pain is incredible. But 
           it jerks her fully back to reality.

           She struggles in vain against the boulder, tugging and 
           pushing and wriggling.

           But she can’t move an inch.

           Jessica stops, trying to breathe, to come up with a plan.

           There’s a thin gap between the boulder pinning her hand and 
           the boulder to its left. If she can get her hand to that, 
           maybe she can pull it free.

           She hears the birds. Sees them overhead.

           She looks across the river to see Carl standing there, a sick 
           satisfaction in his eyes at seeing Jessica in his trap.

           He’s not playing anymore.

           He growls and starts to bound up the hill to the waterfall, 
           running the long way around to get to her so he doesn’t have 
           to swim in the river.
           Jessica doesn’t have much time and she knows it.

           She remembers the knife in her pocket.

           Quickly, she slashes the top of her forearm, a bit above 
           what’s trapped. Not deeply, but enough to bleed freely.

           She puts the knife away and squeezes at her arm, forcing the 
           blood out, spreading it down her arm to her wrist. Making 
           sure to get it all over, seeping into the crack between her 
           hand and the rock. Lubricant.

           She tries to wiggle her hand into the gap.

           The pain sets in, hot like fire.

           But her hand moves. The smallest bit.

           She squeezes more blood out and tugs again.

           She can hear Carl running. He could be halfway up the hill.

           Whatever progress she’s making, it’s not fast enough.

           Jessica pulls out the knife again and opens the cut in her 
           arm wider, increasing the bloodflow.

           Pockets the knife and leverages her free hand against the 
           boulder weighting down on her, pushing as she pulls.

           Yells as the pain gets worse.

           She isn’t making progress.

           Her hand is barely sliding, wedged tight, far too tight.

           He’s getting closer.

           Jessica tugs again and again, desperation setting in.

           Snot and blood and tears dripping down her.

           She realizes she’s never getting out in time. Not this way.

           Another glance at the gap, so close, she just needs a little 
           more leverage . . .

           She hesitates for just a moment, steeling herself.

           Then she twists, BRACING HER FOOT against the boulder, nearly 
           hyper-extending her arm as she tries to get the right angle.

           Anger and desperation and pain tumble out of her in a roar as 
           she SHOVES OFF WITH HER FOOT -
           The slick blood between her hand and the rock squelches -

           Her shoulder and wrist groaning in protest -

           Jessica screams as she keeps pushing -

           A POP as her WRIST DISLOCATES -

           Her foot pushing the boulder up almost far enough -

           She pulls back just a little more -

           And with a HORRIBLE CRACK of bone -

           HER HAND SLIPS FREE.

           Jessica smacks to the ground on her back, clutching her hand 
           to her. Her wrist dangles unnaturally. PINKY AND RING FINGERS 
           BROKEN, bent almost 90 degrees. Her THUMB crushed against her 
           palm, dislocated. Skin torn from the rock. She can’t move it.

           She cries, half in relief, half in pain. Doesn’t have time 
           for more than a moment’s break. Pain forcing clarity.

           She forces herself to her knees. Takes off her belt and uses 
           it to make a sling for her arm.

           Stands unsteadily. Taps her back pocket to make sure the 
           knife’s still there. Picks up her jacket from the riverbank.

           Blood dripping from her cuts, Jessica stumbles along the 
           river as fast as she can, into the forest.

           EXT. FOREST - DAY

           The trail of blood follows her.

           She’s fading.

           EXT. RIVER - CONTINUOUS

           Where she and Choi fished. She crosses where it’s shallow, 
           the water whisking away her dripping blood. Covering her 
           tracks just enough.

           EXT. FOREST - LATER

           Far enough. Jessica can’t take it anymore. She collapses to 
           her knees, ducking out of the sling.

           She probes her limp wrist. Seems dislocated, not broken.
           She takes it in her good hand. Readies herself.

           Then, she sharply YANKS her hand and arm in opposite 
           directions, SNAPPING HER WRIST BACK INTO PLACE.

           It hurts more than pulling free from the boulder.

           She tries to move her fingers. Excruciating. She gets a 
           wriggle from the unbroken ones.

           She grabs her thumb. Jerks and it POPS back into place. She 
           needs a moment to recover.

           Then she turns to her RUINED, BROKEN FINGERS.

           One at a time, she PULLS THEM BACK INTO PLACE. 

           Shuddering as she tries not to vomit from pain.

           When she recovers enough, she takes the drawstring from her 
           jacket’s hood and uses it to tie her broken fingers to her 
           good ones. A makeshift splint.

           Puts the sling back on. Stands.

           Keep moving.

           HIGH ABOVE THE ISLAND

           The beacons still burn.

           EXT. FOREST - HILL - NIGHT

           Moonlight gives her just enough to see by.

           Jessica makes it to the plateau at the top of a large hill, 
           not too far from the beach. She can’t keep walking anymore.

           She sits down against the trunk of a tree, finally catching 
           her breath. God she’s cold.

           Fire. She needs a fire.

           Jessica gathers small rocks and arranges them in a rough 
           circle. Puts moss and twigs in the middle.

           She finds flint stones. Awkwardly tries to start the fire 
           with them using her one good hand.

           She can’t get any sparks.

           Repositions herself. Tries again. Shaking.
           Furiously trying to get anything, just a little bit -

           And she’s able to get a few hot sparks to spring onto the 
           moss -- where they immediately fizzle and die.

           The moss is too damp.

           Jessica crumples the moss in her fist, hanging her head.

           No. Not now. She can’t cry now.

           She finds the notebook in her back pocket. Still in its 
           plastic bag. The pages still dry.

           Shaky, Jessica removes the notebook from the bag. Opens to 
           the back, the last two blank pages. Rips them out, crumples 
           them into little balls. Places them near the flint.

           Strikes the stone again. A SPARK -- the paper catches -- 
           Jessica quickly blows a little air on it, feeding the flames -

           But the paper burns up before the moss or twigs can catch.

           The fire needs more fuel.

           The next page has her handwriting on it. She hesitates.

           FLASH: Jessica enjoys her last hot meal in her cave.

           She rips the page out and sets it in the moss.

           The paper flares and starts to burn out quickly. The twigs 
           still not catching.

           She rips out another few pages and adds them to the fire.

           Jessica marks time on the wall. Draws water from the stream.

           The fire isn’t burning fast enough. She adds more pages.

           The fireball erupts from Carl’s cave.

           Her husband throws her down.

           She pulls the branch out and clutches her side as it bleeds.

           Jessica starts to rip at the notebook in a frenzy, tears 
           streaming from her eyes.

           The fire and her pain and her memories flash and swirl around 
           her as the pages burn -

           She tucks her boys into bed.
           Her husband leaves the house with his fishing gear.

           Choi shows her how to fish.

           She and Choi share a meal by the fire.

           She hugs Choi close as she sings to him.

           Carl lunges from the wilderness.

           Her Husband holds her close and warm and lovingly.

           The plane spirals toward the water.

           Her oldest child leads her by the hand to the backyard.

           The doctor sits across from her. Says things she can’t hear.

           She finds the bodies in the cave.

           Her Mom visits her in the hospital.

           She marches away from the burning boat with fury on her face.

           She washes up on the beach.

           She makes her first mark on the wall.

           Jessica tears the last page from the notebook and hurls empty 
           husk into the BLAZING FIRE. It hurts more than her hand.

           As the heat from the flames surrounds her, Jessica lowers her 
           head and sobs. Only a few moments pass before:

           A DROPLET OF RAIN HITS THE BACK OF HER HEAD.

           She doesn’t look up.

           The rain starts to fall harder, faster.

           The drizzle becomes a shower. Smothering the fire she just 
           burned her memories to build. One last insult.

           A WOOSH overhead. Jessica looks up, against the rain -- two 
           small lights, so small she can barely see them, red and 
           green, blinking in the sky. Moving fast. A plane?

           No. It can’t be. No one came before. No one’s coming now. 
           She’s seeing things.

           Head back down. The weight of it all. All this time, and 
           she’s going to die here, broken and beaten in the rain.

           She can hear HIM APPROACH. Branches snapping underfoot.
           IN THEIR BEDROOM. Her Husband approaches. Grabs her.

           The hissing growl from his throat.

           Close. The other edge of the plateau.

           He THROWS her against the dresser, hard. Her shoulder 
           SPLITTING as it hits the edge. Collapsing.

           She doesn’t want to look. 

           His feet in front of her. Bleeding, she pushes herself 
           halfway off the floor (the POP SONG on the radio). We’ve seen 
           this moment before -- but this time it keeps going . . . 

           He takes a step forward - and she stops. Lowering herself, 
           prostrate, submissive. Beaten.

           She can’t be like that again.

           She won’t.

           So -- slowly -- she raises her eyes. And FACES HIM.

           Carl, furious, stands at the edge of the trees, growling and 
           soaked in the rain. Still hurting from his fall. Looking at 
           his adversary with death in his eyes.

           Jessica ducks out of her sling. Pulls the little knife from 
           her pocket, opens its blade.

           Unsteady -- she STANDS.

           Breathing heavy. Her own fury building.

           No.

           She’s not going to lie down for him. If he wants to kill her - 
           he’s going to have to do it the hard way.

           JESSICA LETS LOOSE A FERAL ROAR -

                                 JESSICA
                        AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!

           CARL CHARGES.

           Jessica meets him head-on.

           Carl swipes with an open claw and Jessica swings with the 
           knife, driving it deep into his palm.

           As he pulls back she presses in, slashing at his leg.
           His next swing catches her and sends her tumbling.

           She rolls in the mud and gets to her feet.

           Carl turns to face her and his foot slips in the mud - he 
           pitches to the side before he can recover, weakened from his 
           fall and unprepared for the wet ground -

           Jessica drives in, stabbing at his side.

           Carl howls and bumps her, knocking her into a tree -

           She drops the knife --

           He lunges -- Jessica ducks out of the way and narrowly avoids 
           him as he smashes into the tree.

           Jessica scoops up the knife and backpedals out of his reach.

           He turns to her, bleeding, nearly blinded by rage.

           They feint in and out, advancing a step, retreating. Giving 
           and taking ground equally.

           Each looking for the opening. The killshot.

           Carl swipes and Jessica slashes.

           The rain beating down.

           Water carries blood with it, drip drip, to the forest floor.

           Black fur glistening, wet hair swinging in front of her eyes.

           Fingers curl around the knife.

           Talons dig into mud and slice air.

           Bared teeth flash in moonlight.

           They move at the same time.

           Jessica ducks under Carl’s attack, hurtling to his belly.

           Her knife stabs deep.

           Carl scrabbles, trying to retreat, to get her out from under 
           him, but she keeps pushing in, pumping the knife in and out 
           of him as fast as she can - a dozen little cuts.

           Carl jumps forward, knocking Jessica over as he finally 
           escapes the attack.

           She rolls over quickly to face him.
           Screaming, she CHARGES.

           Carl reacts a moment too late.

           Jessica stabs him in the shoulder -- tries to pull out the 
           knife to do it again -

           It’s STUCK.

           Carl grabs Jessica with his other arm and HURLS HER ASIDE.

           She hits the ground hard, rolling to a stop.

           Carl JUMPS ON HER -

           She grabs a BRANCH -- the forearm of her broken hand bracing 
           it-- and JAMS IT INTO HIS BEAK as he bites down.

           Jessica pushes up with all her strength.

           For a moment, it seems like she’s stopped him.

           But then Carl FOLDS BACK HIS TALONS TO EXPOSE HIS SECONDARY 
           HAND, grabbing the branch and RIPPING IT FROM HER GRASP.

           Jessica barely manages to roll to the side before his beak 
           slams into where she just was.

           She dodges another bite -- scrambles to the branch -- swings -

           The branch smacks Carl on the side of the head. He barely 
           seems to notice, advancing . . .

           Jessica swings again, hitting him on the ear -

           And he STAGGERS a little - enough for Jessica to roll out 
           from under him and find her feet again.

           She puts distance between them, turns around just in time -

           As Carl SLAMS INTO HER, DRIVING HER BACK -

           He PINS HER TO A TREE -- his beak drives in to bite -

           And Jessica thrusts out with the branch, just in time -

           The branch just barely holds Carl’s jaws back -- the trunk of 
           the tree anchoring it as she pushes with her good hand on the 
           other end, trying to lever him away -

           But he’s too strong.

           His arms pinning her in place.
           His beak inches closer.

           The horrid hiss and click of his mouth in her ear.

           His four eyes so close she can see her reflection in them.

           The two HOWLING in each others’ face.

           A final confrontation.

           Even with the tree as an anchor, Carl is too strong for 
           Jessica. His beak inching closer to her neck. His teeth 
           extending inside of it, ready to bite . . . 

           She sees her knife. Still buried in his shoulder.

           Within reach.

           But she can’t grab it with her bad hand.

           A last-ditch effort if there ever was one.

           Now or never.

           Jessica lets go of the branch -- ducking to the side -

           Carl’s beak CLAMPS DOWN ON HER SHOULDER, TEETH GNASHING DEEP -

           She sacrifices it to get her good hand around the knife -

           Pulling it from his shoulder with all her strength -

           Carl bites down harder, trying to rip her arm from her body -

           She tears the knife free -

           AND DRIVES IT DOWN TO THE HILT IN CARL’S EYE.

           The Beast screams, dropping her. She hits the ground hard.

           Too tired, in too much pain, to push herself to her feet.

           Carl flails wildly, in agony he’s never known.

           She can’t get out of the way in time.

           One of Carl’s legs hits Jessica -

           FLINGING HER OVER THE EDGE OF THE HILL.

           She goes tumbling - 

           A disorienting, dizzying whirl down the slope -
           Until she comes to a rest -

           AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL

           Halfway concealed in the brush.

           She groans. Everything hurts.

           From the top of the hill, Carl screeches, still flailing 
           around for her.

           Jessica can’t keep her eyes open anymore.

                                                    FADE TO BLACK.

           DARKNESS. SILENCE. THEN: A LOW WHIRRING, CHOP CHOP CHOP, 
           STEADY AND GETTING LOUDER . . . 

                                                         FADE IN:

           EXT. FOREST - BOTTOM OF THE HILL - DAY

           Jessica comes to slowly. Waking to a horrid WHIRRING.

           Trying to push herself awake, using the tree she’s lying 
           against to get into a sitting position. Still out of it.

           She peers around the tree to look over THE BEACH -

           WHERE SHE SEES MEN.

           THE COAST GUARD. A SEARCH PARTY. A HELICOPTER OVERHEAD.

           It takes her a moment to believe her eyes.

           The search party fans out, looking for her. They must be.

           She’s just barely hidden from their view by the brush. 
           Struggling against the pain to stay upright.

           She opens her mouth to shout out -

           But she stops herself. Stays silent. Torn, conflicted. Not 
           sure what she wants to do.

           The rescue she prayed for is right before her eyes. But he’ll 
           be there if she goes home.

           Carl will be here if she stays. But she can fight Carl.

           Jessica nearly tears herself apart trying to decide.
                                 COAST GUARD #1 (O.S.)
                        We’ve got someone!

           Jessica barely turns her head in time to see the two COAST 
           GUARD OFFICERS that pick her up, making the choice for her.

           She’s too weak to resist.

                                 COAST GUARD #1 (CONT’D)
                        Jesus . . .

                                 COAST GUARD #2
                          (into radio)
                        Female, 30’s, multiple injuries, we 
                        need to medivac her right away.

           They half-drag, half-carry Jessica onto:

           EXT. THE BEACH - CONTINUOUS

           Where the rest of the coast guard squad awaits them. A few 
           officers shepherd them towards the HELICOPTER, which lowers a 
           cradle for Jessica.

           They shield Jessica’s eyes from the sand kicked up by the 
           helicopter blades. She’s practically collapsed into them by 
           the time they get her to the cradle and settle her in.

           She can barely keep her eyes open. They strap her down.

                                 JESSICA
                        Carl . . .

           She’s barely audible. The coast guards tighten the last strap 
           and give the officer in the helicopter a thumbs up.

           The winch turns and the cradle slowly starts to bring Jessica 
           up to the helicopter.

           It’s really happening . . .

           She turns her head for one more look at the forest.

           Sees the trees swaying. The birds taking off from the canopy.

           He’s coming towards the noise.

           Carl emerges onto the beach, in full view of a dozen coast 
           guard officers. The knife still stuck in his eye.

           All of them stop in their tracks, completely unable to 
           believe their eyes.
           Carl stares back, confused by all the people.

           He SCREECHES.

           One of the coast guards FIRES at Carl with his sidearm.

           Carl jerks back and howls as the bullet hits his leg. He’s 
           too big for the shot to bring him down, but it stings.

           He starts to advance on the coast guards, menacing.

           They all start to open fire!

           More shots miss than hit - Carl may be a big target, but he’s 
           shuffling quickly - the pain enough to keep him at bay.

           As she watches, the strangest look comes over Jessica’s face. 
           Hate and pity and, maybe . . .

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Stop . . .

           A hint of compassion?

           Carl sees Jessica in the cradle. Tries to get to her. But he 
           can’t, not with the officers firing at him. 

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        You’re hurting him.

           No one can hear her.

           The bullets force Carl back to the treeline.

           His eyes locked on her, howling.

           Jessica’s losing consciousness. Fading.

           The cradle reaches the chopper and two officers haul Jessica 
           onboard. Strap her down. She can still hear his howls, even 
           as she stares at the ceiling of the chopper . . .

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        You’re hurting him . . . 

           The helicopter starts to fly away from the island. All those 
           years growing smaller and smaller behind her.

           Carl’s cries echo in her ears.

           She should be overjoyed. But she doesn’t know how to feel.
           So she closes her eyes.

                                                         FADE TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           TV’s on. Some reality show.

           CLICK. The channel changes to a home improvement program. 
           Click. A cooking show. Click. NCIS reruns. Click. Sports. 
           Click. Nature programming.

           From the hospital bed, Jessica looks up at the TV, trying to 
           find something interesting about it. She clicks to change the 
           channel one last time. Still nothing.

           She turns the TV off.

           Her wounds have been dressed, an IV in her good arm. Her 
           broken hand in a cast. She’s been bathed and her hair is 
           combed. Not her first day here.

           But she’s still pale, too thin, her eyes sunken. A bland tray 
           of food sits by her bed, untouched. She looks like she felt 
           better when she was dying on that island.

           A NURSE enters. Jessica glances out the window as the Nurse 
           changes her IV and, disappointed, takes away the tray.

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           Some days later. Jessica looks more or less the same. She 
           keeps staring at a bouquet of flowers on the table nearby - 
           the note “From the Kim Family.”

           She sometimes glances at the DOCTOR as he speaks. 

                                 DOCTOR
                        We can’t do much about the scarring 
                        on your shoulder and side. But, 
                        with physical therapy, you should 
                        eventually regain 80% or more 
                        mobility in your hand. Considering 
                        the shape you were in when you were 
                        admitted, your recovery is 
                        remarkable. I’d still like to keep 
                        you here for a while, so we can 
                        keep up the regiment of fluids and 
                        antibiotics and monitor your 
                        recovery.
                          (no response)
                        Mrs. Landry?
           Jessica turns to the Doctor.

                                 DOCTOR (CONT’D)
                        You’re very lucky.

                                 JESSICA
                        Lucky . . .

                                 THE SUIT (O.S.)
                        Yes. Lucky.

           Jessica looks up at the NEW VOICE and we realize we’ve

                                                        JUMPED TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           A different day, later on. A MAN IN A SUIT stands by 
           Jessica’s bedside, taking notes as he talks. There’s 
           something off about him.

                                 THE SUIT
                        The doctor tells me you’ll be well 
                        enough to go home in a few weeks.
                          (no response)
                        He also tells me you’ve been eating 
                        more. And speaking.

                                 JESSICA
                          (fuck off)
                        Yes.

                                 THE SUIT
                        Mrs. Landry - Jessica. I know you 
                        don’t like talking to me about 
                        this. But we need your help in 
                        understanding what happened on that 
                        island. The woman whose body you 
                        say you found, Christina Kim? She’s 
                        been missing for nearly 12 years. 
                        She was sailing across the Pacific 
                        when her boat vanished. How long do 
                        you think she survived there?

                                 JESSICA
                        Three days.

                                 THE SUIT
                        That’s all?

                                 JESSICA
                        He didn’t play with her.
                                 THE SUIT
                        Are you sure it was the Beast that 
                        killed Miss Kim? It couldn’t have 
                        been starvation, or injuries from 
                        the storm that marooned her?

                                 JESSICA
                        He made her a trophy.

                                 THE SUIT
                        A trophy you burned. You’ve seen 
                        things that shouldn’t exist. That 
                        can’t exist, as far as anyone 
                        outside this room should be 
                        concerned. Do you understand what I 
                        mean?

                                 JESSICA
                        You don’t believe me?

                                 THE SUIT
                        You misunderstand. We believe you. 
                        A dozen Coast Guards saw the Beast 
                        with their own eyes. But right now, 
                        we need to control the narrative 
                        around that island. And that 
                        narrative does not have room for a 
                        monster.

           Jessica processes what she’s being asked to do.

                                 JESSICA
                        Christina Kim was injured when her 
                        boat went down. Died of her wounds.

                                 THE SUIT
                        That’s good. That’s very good.

           Satisfied, The Suit turns to leave.

                                 JESSICA
                        Did you find him?

                                 THE SUIT
                        The Beast?

           Jessica nods.

                                 THE SUIT (CONT’D)
                        Not yet. We’re combing the island, 
                        looking for its body.

                                 JESSICA
                        What?
                                 THE SUIT
                        Nothing could survive the number of 
                        bullets it took on the beach.

                                 JESSICA
                        He’s still alive . . .

                                 THE SUIT
                        We’ll find it. You have my word.
                          (then)
                        Do you have any idea what it wanted 
                        with you?
                          (off her look)
                        It killed four other people that we 
                        know of within days of their 
                        arrival on the island. But you 
                        survived for more than four years.

                                 JESSICA
                        How long?

           There’s genuine shock in her voice.

                                 THE SUIT
                        We’re just trying to understand why 
                        it killed them but not you.

                                 JESSICA
                        I don’t know. I fought.
                          (then)
                        He liked me.

           The Suit doesn’t quite know what to say to that.

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           Another day. Jessica wakes up to an OLDER WOMAN (60’s - we’ve 
           seen her before) sitting by her bed.

                                 JESSICA
                        Mom?

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        Hey Peanut.

           She takes Jessica’s hand.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        They told me you weren’t supposed 
                        to have any visitors until you woke 
                        up, but I got them to make an 
                        exception. I wanted to see you 
                        first.
           Jessica squeezes her Mom’s hand, tight.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        I’m not the only one who’s here.

           Jessica follows her Mom’s gaze to the door -  where the Nurse 
           leads her KIDS in.

           LIONEL (12) and SHANE (10), years older and completely 
           different from the last time she saw them. She almost doesn’t 
           recognize them at first.

                        LIONEL
                                                     SHANE
           Mom?
                                          Mommy?

           Jessica doesn’t know how to react as they rush to hug her.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        Careful boys, don’t crush her.

           They squeeze her as tight as they can without hurting her. 
           She slowly brings her arms up around them, returning the hug.

                                                     SHANE
                                          What happened to your hand?
                        LIONEL
           We thought you weren’t coming 
           home.

           She can barely get the words out:

                                 JESSICA
                        I’m so sorry.

           She holds that embrace for as long as she can. Absorbing it, 
           living in this moment she’d given up on ever having.

           And then she’s torn out of it.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                          (with trepidation)
                        Carl’s here too.

                                 JESSICA
                        What?

           Footsteps by the door. The kids hug her for a few more 
           moments before they let go, stepping aside as HE enters.

           We know him before we see his face.

           The just-lumbering gait and dirty boots.

           The rough hands.

           The scruff on his cheeks and the too-slick smile.
                                 HUSBAND/CARL
                        Hey baby.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        Carl.

                                 HUSBAND/CARL
                        Don’t worry, Mrs. Hewitt. It’s 
                        alright.

           CARL looks at Jessica, the boys at her bedside.

                                 HUSBAND/CARL (CONT’D)
                        What, no smile for me?

           Jessica won’t look at him. The kids can see something’s 
           wrong, but they can’t tell what.

                                 JESSICA
                        Mom, can you give us a moment?

           Jessica’s Mother nods, stands.

                                 JESSICA (CONT’D)
                        Take the boys.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        C’mon kiddos. Let’s give your Mom 
                        and Dad a minute.

           Carl ruffles Lionel’s hair as he passes by, Jessica’s Mother 
           leading Lionel and Shane out of the room. The door closes.

           Jessica’s nearly shaking as Carl pulls up a stool.

                                 HUSBAND/CARL
                        Everything’s gonna be just fine, 
                        baby. I promise.

           He reaches out and PUTS HIS HAND ON HER ARM.

           Jessica’s eyes finally meet his.

           The smirk disappears when he sees the rage in her eyes.

           His grip tightens, just a little -

           And JESSICA FUCKING LOSES IT.

           With a yell she leaps off the bed, tackling Carl out of the 
           chair to the floor.

           She PINS HIM with her legs and POUNDS on him, OVER and OVER -
           Carl yells as blood bursts from his broken nose, too stunned 
           to fight back.

           Jessica keeps punching, swinging at him with both arms now, 
           more than a decade of pain and repression and hate coursing 
           through her fists - 

           ORDERLIES hurry in, grabbing Jessica, trying to pull her off 
           Carl -- she fights against them, continuing her assault.

           She BITES, SINKING HER TEETH INTO HIS CHEEK -

           Jessica HOWLS and breaks into a feral grin as they finally 
           pull her away . . .

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           She’s handcuffed to the bed. Carl long gone. His blood still 
           on her mouth. Jessica doesn’t show an ounce of regret.

           The Suit, Doctor, and a FEMALE SHERIFF are outside her room - 
           she can see them talking about her through the window in the 
           door. Her Mother as close to them as they’ll let her be, 
           listening.

           After a moment, the FEMALE SHERIFF slips in, closing the door 
           behind her.

           They regard each other for a moment. Then the Sheriff unlocks 
           the cuffs. Jessica doesn’t try anything. A moment of trust.

           The Sheriff sits down on a stool. Her voice is understanding:

                                 SHERIFF
                        The Doctor told your family that 
                        you were “in shock.” That you 
                        needed more time to adjust after 
                        the island. That by the time you’re 
                        well enough to be released, with 
                        counseling, you’ll be alright to go 
                        home with your husband and 
                        children. 
                          (then)
                        I heard how your husband spoke 
                        about you.

           Jessica knows what she means.

                                 SHERIFF (CONT’D)
                        He says he won’t press charges. 
                        Just wants you to come home and 
                        “make things normal.”
                                 JESSICA
                        The boys can’t stay with him.

                                 SHERIFF
                        They can stay with your Mother for 
                        now. If I didn’t know better, I’d 
                        say she was happy to see Carl with 
                        a chunk bitten out of his face.

                                 JESSICA
                        After?

                                 SHERIFF
                        There’ll be a custody battle. It’ll 
                        get ugly. And after . . .
                          (she gestures, “this.”)
                        I don’t know if you’ll be able to 
                        convince a court to give you full 
                        custody.

                                 JESSICA
                        Can I see them?

                                 SHERIFF
                        I don’t think that’s possible right 
                        now. I’m sorry.

           ON Jessica as she absorbs this.

                                 JESSICA
                        I didn’t tell them I loved them.

           Realizing. Feeling it overwhelm her. She knows the choice 
           that’s coming and fights back tears.

                                 SHERIFF
                        But if you go with your husband, 
                        none of that happens. So I’m sorry, 
                        but I have to ask: do you want to 
                        go home with him?

           Finally, with pain and steel in her voice:

                                 JESSICA
                        No.

                                                         FADE TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

           A week later, maybe more. Jessica is upright now, in street 
           clothes. Her bad arm in a sling. She looks stronger. Ready.
           Her Mother enters.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        Hey Peanut.

           She goes over to her Jessica. Pulls her into an embrace. 
           Jessica can just barely return it.

           ON Jessica’s Mother just long enough to see her reaction, the 
           complicated swirl of emotions behind her eyes.

           A Nurse enters with a wheelchair. Jessica’s Mother lets her 
           embrace go and gestures to it.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
                        They want you to leave in that.

           Jessica shakes her head. Walks out of the room under her own 
           power. The Nurse knows better than to try and stop her.

           INT. AIRPLANE - DAY

           They’re just faces in the crowd here, Jessica in the middle 
           of the row and her Mother looking out the window.

           TURBULENCE briefly rattles the plane. Jessica grabs her 
           Mother’s hand and squeezes it tight.

           Her Mother returns the squeeze, comforting.

           INT. AIRPLANE - LATER

           The plane finishes its descent. Taxiing to a stop.

                                 CAPTAIN (O.S.)
                        Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to 
                        Seattle . . .

           Jessica finally lets go of her mother’s hand.

           I/E. CAR - SEATTLE ROADS - DAY

           Overcast, the sky just hinting at rain. Jessica watches the 
           city pass by from the window of her Mother’s car. 

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        They wouldn’t let you and the boys 
                        both stay with me so I found you an 
                        apartment. It’s not too far away. I 
                        thought you’d want to see the boys 
                        first before going there though.
           Jessica turns on the radio - pop music. Flicks through a few 
           stations but can’t find something she likes, so she turns the 
           radio off again, and they drive in silence.

           EXT. JESSICA’S MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY

           A nice house, just outside of the city. Close enough to have 
           a good view of the bay. Trees all around.

           Jessica’s Mother parks in the driveway. Gets out and opens 
           the front door of the house.

           Jessica is slow to follow.

           Her mother steps inside, but Jessica stays on the porch.

                                 JESSICA’S MOTHER
                        The boys are inside. They’re 
                        excited to see you.
                          (no response)
                        Alright. Take your time.

           As her mother goes into the house, Jessica turns to look out 
           over the trees, out past them to the bay . . .

           Longer than maybe she should.

           She can HEAR HER KIDS inside the house, talking excitedly, 
           coming to the door, but her gaze stays fixed . . . 

           The grey clouds in the sky.

           The treetops swaying gently.

           Maybe a little more than just the wind would cause.

           A low rustle that could be wind, or the faintest of growls.

           Jessica watches as a flock of birds take flight, rising from 
           the trees at the edge of the woods and gliding overhead.

           She knows.

           Jessica lowers her gaze to the edge of the woods.

           An indescribable sensation gathering behind her eyes.

                                                     CUT TO BLACK.

                                                             END.
