                                    THE DEFENDER

                                    a true story

                                         by

                                 E. Nicholas Mariani
                                 "Scipio Africanus Jones will receive little glory, but the 
                                 record is clear. He went down to Elaine and took charge of 
                                 these cases when the whole area was a seething cauldron of 
                                 hate and the slightest misstep meant death. With courage and 
                                 conviction, he fought on behalf of nearly a hundred men until 
                                 that glorious day when the prisoners were set free. Now, the
                                 highest court in the land has delivered a verdict that will
                                 surely change history. All hail Judge Jones! Praise him for
                                 this achievement. The first Scipio Africanus was a mighty 
                                 warrior and a conqueror for the Roman Empire. Our Scipio 
                                 Africanus has come not to conquer, but to save; and he is not 
                                 so much a warrior as he is a defender of his kind." 
                                              --The Associated Negro Press, reacting to 
                                              the United States Supreme Court decision 
                                              in Moore v. Dempsey.
           FADE IN:

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS -- NIGHT (1919)

           FIREWORKS explode in the dark sky as raucous BAND MUSIC fills 
           the air. We can hear PEOPLE cheering all around us. Some kind 
           of celebration is underway. It sounds absolutely massive.

           We PAN DOWN and find ourselves in a large SOUTHERN CITY with 
           hints of an antebellum past. It’s a warm summer night early 
           in the 20th century and the streets are filled with thousands 
           of people, all waving SPARKLERS and AMERICAN FLAGS...

           At first glance, we might assume it’s the Fourth of July. But 
           something bigger is going on. This isn’t just a yearly event. 

           This feels monumental, perhaps even historic. And then--

           We see SOLDIERS, hundreds of them, marching through town; all 
           dressed in crisp DOUGHBOY UNIFORMS. They’re showered with 
           cheers and CONFETTI as the city welcomes them home as heroes 
           and pass beneath large BANNERS heralding the end of war... 

           Super: Little Rock, Arkansas -- August, 1919

           And if that’s not enough to mark the occasion, we also see 
           NEWSPAPERS tucked under people’s arms and strewn across the 
           street, all bearing the same bold headline: WORLD WAR ENDS! 
           PEACE AT LAST! NATION CELEBRATES AS TROOPS RETURN HOME!

           Needless to say, everyone is overjoyed. Loved ones embrace. 
           Families reunite. For a brief moment, the world seems happy. 

           But as the celebration continues, something should catch our 
           eye. We’re deep in the South in the era of Jim Crow. ‘WHITES 
           ONLY’ signs hang in the windows and that’s exactly what we 
           see in the crowd: MEN, WOMEN, and CHILDREN of all ages; with 
           one thing in common: every last one of them is white. 

           And on that note, we start to PULL BACK; farther and farther, 
           to the outskirts of town. We HOLD for a moment, watching the 
           celebration from a great distance. And then--  

           We PULL BACK a little more, revealing a row of PRISON BARS--

           INT. PRISON CELL -- CONTINUOUS

           EMMANUEL WEST (24, black) peers through the bars and watches 
           the distant celebration. His eyes are full of loneliness and 
           fear -- the look of a condemned man.

           Emmanuel shifts his glance and we see he has something in his 
           hands: a small, cross-shaped MEDAL. He digs it into the wall, 
           carving a message we can’t quite see...
                                 EMMANUEL
                             (As he writes)
                        It’s strange to think everyone’s 
                        celebrating outside while I’m stuck 
                        in here, waiting. I don’t know what 
                        to make of it. I really don’t.

           For a moment, there is nothing but silence and we wonder if 
           maybe Emmanuel is talking to himself. And then, from out of 
           the darkness, a MALE VOICE gently responds--

                                 SCIPIO (O.S.)
                        Try not to think about it. This 
                        will all be over soon.

                                 EMMANUEL
                        Sure, Mr. Jones. I’ll try.

           Emmanuel finishes writing and quietly steps back. And we see 
           that he’s carved into the wall: “Emmanuel West, 1895-1919.” 

           Emmanuel stares at his name as if it were a tombstone, then 
           he slowly turns around to face the other man in the room--

           SCIPIO AFRICANUS JONES (55, first name pronounced ‘Sippy-oh’)  
           stands quietly near the door, a light-skinned black man 
           dressed in an elegant dark suit. His presence exudes empathy, 
           intelligence, and deep inner strength. This is a man with an 
           extraordinary life story. We’ll soon learn all about it. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m sorry, Manny. I wish there was 
                        more we could do.

           Emmanuel smiles sadly and nods: “I know.” He wipes his medal 
           clean and crosses the room, offering it to Scipio--

                                 EMMANUEL
                        Here, I’d like you to have this.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I can’t take your medal, Manny.

                                 EMMANUEL
                        Mr. Jones, you’re the closest thing 
                        to family I’ve got. I’d like you to 
                        have it. Really.

           Scipio finally nods and reluctantly takes the medal. He turns 
           it over in his hands, revealing the iconic cross-shaped Croix 
           de Guerre. And we realize: Emmanuel West is a war veteran. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Where’d you get this, anyway?
                                 EMMANUEL
                        Verdun.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        It’s beautiful.

           Emmanuel smiles and the two men stand in deference to each 
           other. The moment lingers and stretches...and then a GUARD 
           pounds loudly on the prison door--

                                 GUARD
                             (To Emmanuel)
                        Time to go, West.

           Emmanuel nods as more GUARDS come into the cell. They gather 
           all around him. Emmanuel glances back at Scipio--

                                 EMMANUEL
                        Thank you for everything.

           Scipio hesitates, overwhelmed. Finally, he nods. The guards 
           grab Emmanuel and haul him swiftly out the door--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Wait!

           But it’s too late. They’re already gone. Scipio grabs his 
           BRIEFCASE and quickly chases after them...

           EXT. PRISON YARD -- MOMENTS LATER

           Emmanuel is led outside where the GALLOWS awaits -- looming 
           across the yard with fireworks bursting in the distance. 

           Dozens of GUARDS stand by to witness the execution. Among 
           them is WARDEN E.H. DEMPSEY (54) -- a tough, grizzled man 
           who’s been doing this a long time. He watches with a hint of 
           sympathy as Emmanuel climbs the scaffolding... 

                                 DEMPSEY
                        ‘Poor bastard.

           Some of the guards nearby seem to nod in agreement. Behind 
           them, Scipio appears. He makes his way quietly through the 
           crowd and stops beside Dempsey, offering a polite nod--

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Warden.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Judge.
                             (then, glancing up)
                        ‘Helluva night for a hanging.
           Scipio nods as more fireworks explode in the sky. He grips 
           Emmanuel’s medal tightly, watching as his client reaches the 
           top of the stairs and gets positioned over the trap door...

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Always is.

           Up on the platform, a GUARD slips the NOOSE over Emmanuel’s 
           head and pulls it tight around his neck. Emmanuel gasps and 
           chokes -- this just got very real.

                                 GUARD
                             (To Emmanuel)
                        Any last words?

           Emmanuel shakes his head as tears stream down his face. He 
           looks out into the crowd...and locks eyes with Scipio.

           Scipio places his clenched fist (with Emmanuel’s medal) over 
           his heart. Emmanuel takes a deep breath...and quietly nods.

           The guard pulls the lever. The trap door opens-- 

           Emmanuel plunges nearly twenty feet and then the rope snaps 
           tight, but the fall doesn’t break his neck. He dangles with 
           his feet inches off the ground, thrashing in convulsions as 
           the life is squeezed from his body...

           Dempsey and the guards flinch and recoil, trying to remain 
           calm. But this is difficult to watch. Even for them.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Jesus Christ.

           Scipio watches in horror, refusing to look away. He calmly 
           raises his hand, as if to say: "It’s okay, just let go."

           Finally, Emmanuel’s eyes roll back and his body grows still, 
           swinging almost peacefully at the end of a knotted rope... 

           And bathed in the warm glow of distant celebratory fireworks. 

           Everyone stands frozen, not sure what to say. It’s a strange 
           and alarming sight -- both ethereal and haunting.

           We HOLD on Scipio as he stares at Emmanuel’s corpse. In his 
           eyes, we see relief that it’s finally over. But we also see 
           devastation...and a deep sense of personal failure.

           EXT. PRISON -- FRONT YARD -- LATER

           The fireworks are starting to wane as Scipio passes through 
           the gate. He tips his hat to a few waiting GUARDS. They all 
           nod and respectfully call him, “Judge.”
           Dempsey follows close behind. Like Scipio, he seems quiet and 
           subdued. We sense a familiarity between these men. This isn’t 
           the first time they’ve taken this walk together.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Judge, I apologize for the way that 
                        ended. Your client deserved better. 
                        You have my word the boys’ll catch 
                        hell for it come Monday morning. 

           Scipio keeps walking, not sure what to say. He looks down and 
           we see he still has Emmanuel’s medal in his hand. He slips it 
           in his pocket, then quietly says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        What’s done is done, Warden. Don’t 
                        be too hard on them.

           Scipio stops walking and slowly turns around, facing Dempsey 
           in the darkness with the prison looming behind them. 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        I’d appreciate it though if you 
                        could make sure Emmanuel gets a 
                        proper burial. I’m sure it would 
                        have meant a lot to him. He was a 
                        veteran, after all.

           Dempsey stares at Scipio -- this is a big ask. But a few more 
           fireworks burst in the sky. And Dempsey quietly nods. 

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Sure, Judge. We’ll take care of it. 
                        You know...for whatever it’s worth, 
                        I thought you had a real shot with 
                        this one. Sorry it didn’t work out. 

           Scipio manages a faint smile, then reaches inside his bag. He 
           takes out a small WOODEN BOX...and offers it to Dempsey--

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        What’s this?

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Little something to celebrate when 
                        your boy gets in tomorrow.

           Dempsey is lost for words. He takes the gift, marveling--

                                 DEMPSEY
                        I’d ask how you could’ve known, but 
                        if there’s one thing I’ve learned 
                        over the years...it’s that Scipio 
                        Africanus Jones has his ways.
           Scipio smiles and then watches Dempsey open the box. Inside, 
           are several rows of beautifully hand-crafted CIGARS.

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        Ah, Judge. You shouldn’t have.
                             (then, smelling one)
                        God...Virginia tobacco.

           Dempsey rolls the cigar around in his fingers, smiling for a 
           moment. And then, suddenly, he flashes a mischievous grin--

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        Don’t suppose you have some of that 
                        whiskey I love to go with ‘em?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Warden, you know it’s illegal to 
                        buy or sell alcohol these days. 
                             (then, a slight smile)
                        You trying to get me in trouble?

                                 DEMPSEY
                        I would hope you know me well 
                        enough by now, Judge.

           Scipio stares at Dempsey a moment and then nods, sadly--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yeah...though truth be told, nights 
                        like this, I wish I didn’t. 
                             (Tips his hat, “Goodbye.”)
                        I’ll see what I can do.

           Dempsey smiles and lingers in the yard, watching as Scipio 
           walks down a dark road towards a parked Model-T...

           INT. MODEL-T, PARKED -- THAT MOMENT

           LOUIS BOOKER (20s, black) lies asleep at the wheel. His youth 
           and sharp dress suggest he’s more than just a driver. 

           Louis hears the door open and startles awake. He turns and 
           sees Scipio climbing into the back seat of the car--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thanks for waiting.

                                 LOUIS
                        Sure, Mr. Jones. How’d it go?

           Scipio gives him a grim look: “Don’t ask.”

                                 SCIPIO
                        Just get me out of here.
           Louis nods and quickly starts the engine. He pulls away and 
           drives off into the night, heading back towards the city... 

           INT. MODEL-T DRIVING, DOWNTOWN LITTLE ROCK -- LATER

           The streets are still full of celebrating crowds. Louis honks 
           and turns the wheel, maneuvering the best he can. Scipio sits 
           in the back, staring quietly out the window--

                                 SCIPIO
                        We need to get the warden some more 
                        of that whiskey he likes.

                                 LOUIS
                        Already? ‘Man sure goes through a 
                        lot of that stuff.

                                 SCIPIO
                        So would you if you had his job. 
                        Just track down a bottle. It keeps 
                        him happy. And on our side.
                             (a deep breath, then)
                        Anything happen at the office today 
                        I should know about?

                                 LOUIS
                             (Hesitates)
                        Yeah...the ruling came down in the 
                        Anderson case. They decided against 
                        us. Just like you expected.

           Scipio nods, disappointed; but not surprised. We sense these 
           legal defeats are something of a regular occurrence.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Alright. Pull the applicable case 
                        law. We’ll file an appeal as soon 
                        as I’m back from Washington.
                             (Louis nods, “Sure.”)
                        Anything else?

                                 LOUIS
                        Governor’s got that party tonight, 
                        remember? ‘Said you’d stop by.
                             (Off Scipio’s look)
                        I’m sure he’d understand if you 
                        don’t want to go.

           Scipio lets out a deep sigh and checks the time on his watch. 
           It’s late and he’s exhausted -- but he quietly nods.

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, I should make an appearance. 
                        ‘Get those donation checks?
                                 LOUIS
                        ‘Front pocket of my bag. On the 
                        floor, right next to you.

           Scipio leans over and finds a MESSENGER BAG by his feet. A 
           small ENVELOPE is inside. He slips it in his pocket.

                                 LOUIS (CONT’D)
                        Gonna ask him about the jury bill?
                             (Scipio nods, then)
                        Think he’ll go for it?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t know. Doubtful.

           Louis glances at Scipio in the rear view mirror. He can tell 
           his boss is discouraged and tries to stay positive--

                                 LOUIS
                        Well, you never know. Maybe you’ll 
                        catch him in a good mood. Like all 
                        these folks out here... 
                             (then, a touch of sadness)
                        They sure seem happy, don’t they?

           Scipio takes a deep breath and glances back outside. Staring 
           at an endless sea of happy people, he quietly says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        They certainly do.

           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- LATER

           Louis pulls up to a stunning MANSION with an elegant party in 
           full swing. Just like the rest of the city. GUESTS mingle out 
           on a PORTICO BALCONY and spill into the front yard...

                                 SCIPIO
                        You can go on home, Louis. I’ll 
                        walk back from here.

                                 LOUIS
                        You sure, Mr. Jones?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        Thank you again for tonight.

           Scipio climbs out of the car and stares up at the magnificent 
           house. Suddenly, he seems nervous. He takes a deep breath and 
           straightens his tie, turning back to Louis--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        How do I look?
                                 LOUIS
                        Like you belong in there.

           Scipio smiles and heads for the front door. Louis watches him 
           disappear inside...and then reluctantly drives away.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio takes a few steps into the entry and stops. We HOLD on 
           him for a moment, then circle around...revealing--

           A sea of elegant GUESTS mingling and enjoying LIVE MUSIC and 
           CATERED FOOD, everyone in black-tie; except for all the young 
           SOLDIERS roaming around in uniform. These are children of the 
           elite, wearing privilege on their sleeves. BANNERS hang from 
           the ceiling, letting us know this party is in their honor.

           Scipio stands unnoticed, taking it all in. And a look in his 
           eye lets us know: he’s about to step into the lions’ den.

                                 CARL (O.S.)
                        Good to see you, Mr. Jones.

           Scipio turns and sees a BLACK VALET (Carl, 60s) standing near 
           the door, smiling warmly as he offers to take Scipio’s hat-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thanks, Carl. How’s your nephew?

                                 CARL
                        Oh...fine, Mr. Jones. Just fine. We 
                        sure appreciate you helping him get 
                        that job down at the mill.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Of course. ‘Happy to help. You let 
                        me know if that overseer gives him 
                        any trouble, alright?

                                 CARL
                        Thank you, Mr. Jones. We sure will.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Smiles, then)
                        ‘Governor around?

                                 CARL
                        Yeah, he’s back there somewhere. 
                        Want me to announce you?

                                 SCIPIO
                        No. Thanks, Carl. 
                             (Winks, “I’ll be fine.”)
                        I’ll go find him myself.
           Carl nods and we see relief in his eyes. Scipio takes a deep 
           breath and slowly turns, making his way into the house--

           Heads turn as Scipio passes by. As you can imagine, he gets 
           more than a few scowls. But a surprising number of people 
           raise their glasses and call him, “Judge.” The BLACK SERVERS 
           stare in wonder, as if he were a movie star...

           All of which should make us ask: who is this guy? And how has 
           he pulled this off in the South at the height of Jim Crow?

           Scipio turns a corner and enters a large LIVING ROOM, pushing 
           through the crowd as he tries to reach the next hallway...

           Standing up ahead is JOHN MARTINEAU (50s), a kind man with 
           warm, gentle eyes. He sees Scipio coming and suddenly smiles. 
           We sense this man is a real ally, perhaps the only white man 
           in Little Rock whose friendship Scipio doesn’t have to buy.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Well, as I live and breath. Scipio 
                        Jones. How have you been?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m well, John. And you?
                             (Martineau nods, “Fine.”)
                        Still in chancery court, presiding 
                        over civil cases?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Oh, you know it. For now and, I’m 
                        sure, the foreseeable future. I 
                        keep hoping we’ll see you over 
                        there. Maybe one day, huh? After 
                        you’ve grown weary of the doldrums 
                        of criminal law and find yourself 
                        longing for the glory of property 
                        disputes and civil forfeiture.

           Scipio smiles and even manages a faint laugh, but there’s a 
           sadness in his eyes. Martineau sees it right away.

                                 MARTINEAU (CONT’D)
                        I, uh, heard there was an execution 
                        over at the prison tonight. One of 
                        your clients?
                             (Off Scipio’s look)
                        Ah, Sip, I’m sorry. I can’t imagine 
                        anything harder. Really.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thanks, John. I just wish you’d 
                        come over to criminal court where 
                        you could actually do some good. 
                                 MARTINEAU
                        Me, too. But we both know that’s 
                        why they keep me where I am.

           Scipio stares at Martineau for a moment and quietly nods. And 
           on that somber note, he remembers why he’s here--

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Seen the governor tonight?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Yeah, he’s back in the parlor room.
                             (then, a subtle warning)
                        Along with the usual crowd.

           Scipio nods, “Thanks,” and continues on his way. We HOLD on 
           Martineau -- sensing their paths will cross again soon.

           AROUND THE CORNER -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio comes down a narrow hallway and turns a sharp corner, 
           into a smoke-filled room booming with raucous laughter-- 

           THE BACK PARLOR ROOM -- CONTINUOUS

           Where some powerful MEN are enjoying BRANDY and CIGARS. They 
           look like Southern Rockefellers, Titans of Industry.

           Two men by the window notice Scipio right away: J.S. UTLEY 
           and ED MCCULLOUGH (Both 50s). And from the smirks on their 
           faces, we don’t get the sense these men are allies.

                                 UTLEY
                        Well, well, look who it is. ‘Son of 
                        a bitch. How’d he get invited here?

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        It pays to be friends with the 
                        governor. Poor bastard. Probably 
                        came straight from the prison.

                                 UTLEY
                        I imagine he’s feeling rather at 
                        home there these days.

           McCullough smiles and the two men share a laugh. And just as 
           we wonder who these men might be, a SERVANT passes by with a 
           TRAY of drinks, addressing them both by title--

                                 SERVER
                        Something to drink, Mr. Attorney 
                        General? Mr. Chief Justice?

           McCullough and Utley both nod and take a drink off the tray.
           Back across the room, Scipio slips through the crowd. Nobody 
           pays him any mind. They’re focused on someone else--

                                 BUSINESSMAN (O.S.)
                        I gotta hand it to you, Thomas. I 
                        always knew you were a skilled 
                        politician, but it takes a real 
                        genius to have a war end just as 
                        you’re facing re-election!

           LAUGHTER ripples across the room, followed by--

                                 MCRAE (O.S.)
                        Now, now, let’s not get cocky. I 
                        still have a race to win. And I’m 
                        going to need your help. That goes 
                        for every man in here!

           Scipio gets closer as people applaud, then the crowd suddenly 
           parts...and we see the most powerful man in Arkansas--

           GOVERNOR THOMAS MCRAE (60s) is a veteran politician and life-
           long Democrat with the “Old South” in his veins. Progressive, 
           forward-thinking, but chained to the past. In short, a man of 
           contradictions. Much like the South, itself.

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Besides, as far as I’m concerned, 
                        we should all thank the Kaiser for 
                        his timely surrender. Have you seen 
                        the papers? Cotton is selling at 
                        record prices. We were blessed with 
                        a bumper crop and our labor force 
                        is back just in time to harvest it! 

           The room erupts again with thunderous applause. McRae basks 
           in the approval, then turns and sees Scipio approaching--

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                             (Hesitates)
                        Judge Jones, you made it!

           Scipio smiles and steps into view. The mood in the room drops 
           ten degrees as the other men exchange nervous glances.

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Governor, sorry I’m late.

                                 MCRAE
                        Oh, you didn’t miss much. By the 
                        way, these cigars are fantastic. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Glad you’re enjoying them.
                                 MCRAE
                        Do you know everyone here?
                             (then, to the group)
                        Gentlemen, this is Scipio Africanus 
                        Jones, best Negro attorney in the 
                        South. Hell, best Negro attorney 
                        anywhere. I went up against this 
                        man a few times before I left law 
                        for politics and I can assure you 
                        that the last place you ever want 
                        to see him is in court.

           An OLDER MAN in the group smiles, recognizing Scipio--

                                 OLDER MAN
                        Oh, I know Judge Jones. Assuming 
                        this is the same Scipio Africanus 
                        Jones who challenged all the 
                        segregation laws back in ‘91.

                                 MCRAE
                        The very same. Guess who got to be 
                        opposing counsel on that case? Me.
                             (Smiles at Scipio)
                        We were young men then. 
                             (Back to the group)
                        The Judge made quite an argument, 
                        in fact he damn near won. And in 
                        the process, we became friends. 
                        There’s actually a very special 
                        reason I invited him here tonight. 
                        In addition to his outstanding 
                        legal career, Judge Jones has the 
                        honor of having sold more war bonds 
                        than anyone else in the state of 
                        Arkansas. Despite our political 
                        differences through the years, I 
                        can honestly say that this man is a 
                        patriot. He has my gratitude, as 
                        well as my respect, and it seemed 
                        fitting he should be here tonight 
                        to help welcome our boys home.

           Scipio smiles with appreciation. It’s a nice tribute. And for 
           a brief moment, it almost makes us forget where we are.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Governor, you’re too kind.
                             (then, to the men)
                        Very nice to meet all of you.

           The men stare at Scipio and offer polite smiles, but nobody 
           introduces themselves or offers to shake his hand. A tense, 
           awkward moment hangs in the air. And then-- 
           Scipio notices one of the men is there with his son, a young 
           SOLDIER. A familiar MEDAL is pinned to the boy’s chest--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Croix de Guerre. You must have been 
                        at the Battle of Verdun.

                                 SOLDIER
                        Yes. How’d you figure that?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I knew someone else who was awarded 
                        that honor. Welcome home. It’s nice 
                        to see our veterans being given the 
                        respect they deserve.

           A few of the men nod and utter, “Amen.” But the boy’s father 
           just stands aside, staring at Scipio with amusement--

                                 FATHER 
                        Scipio Africanus, huh? Wasn’t he a 
                        Roman general? Tell me, where does 
                        a colored man get such a name? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        My mother gave it to me.

                                 FATHER
                        Your mother was a student of Roman 
                        history?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m actually not certain. She died 
                        when I was young...sometime during 
                        the last great war, I believe.

           Everyone flinches, suddenly uncomfortable. For this detail 
           carries with it a subtle admission: Scipio was born before 
           the Civil War. And that means he was born a slave.

                                 FATHER
                        I see. And what part of the country 
                        do you hail from, Judge?

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Afraid I don’t know that, either. 
                        I have reason to believe I was born 
                        in Texas. But my earliest memory 
                        from childhood is picking cotton 
                        down in Phillips County.

                                 FATHER
                        The Delta. Really? Tough place for 
                        a boy to grow up. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 FATHER (CONT'D)
                             (then, pointedly)
                        Especially during that time.

           Scipio smiles with a look that says: No shit. A tense moment 
           hangs in the air. And then Scipio turns back to McRae--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Governor, I’m afraid I can’t stay 
                        long tonight. I was hoping we might 
                        have a quick word?

           McRae stares at Scipio. We sense this is another big ask. But 
           the governor puffs on his cigar and turns back to the men--

                                 MCRAE
                        Gentlemen...excuse us.

           The men smile and watch Scipio and McRae walk away, a look on 
           all their faces that says: “Well, now we’ve seen everything.”

                                 SOLDIER
                        One of the more impressive coloreds 
                        I’ve met, I must say.

                                 OLDER MAN
                        Oh, Judge Jones is a credit to his 
                        race. Always has been. ‘Damn shame 
                        the rest aren’t like him.

                                 FATHER
                        Born in the Delta, too. My God.
                             (then, marveling)
                        How do you suppose he ever got out?

           NEARBY HALLWAY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and McRae come out of the parlor and down the narrow 
           hall, making small talk until they’re away from the crowd--

                                 MCRAE
                        Sorry to hear you can’t stay long.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Ah, I got an early train to catch 
                        tomorrow. Lillie and I are taking 
                        Hazel up to college. 

                                 MCRAE
                        Your daughter’s going to college? 
                        My word. Well, I guess that’s one 
                        more reason to celebrate tonight.

           Scipio manages a faint smile as they turn another corner. He 
           reaches into his pocket...and hands McRae the envelope--
                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Got a couple donations for your re-
                        election campaign. One from Bethel 
                        Baptist. The other’s from me. Took 
                        a little doing, but I got them 
                        issued by a white bank. ‘Figured 
                        it’d make things easier that way.

           McRae nods and opens the envelope, peering inside. The checks 
           must be for large amounts. The governor suddenly smiles.

                                 MCRAE
                        This is tremendous, Sip. Thank you. 
                             (then, a wry smile)
                        Twenty years ago, could you have 
                        imagined supporting a Democrat?

                                 SCIPIO 
                        Times change. And besides, like 
                        everyone else, Governor, we expect 
                        to get something for our money.
                             (Off McRae’s look)
                        When you have some time, maybe we 
                        could sit down and talk about that 
                        bill I was proposing?

           McRae takes another puff on his cigar, suddenly guarded--

                                 MCRAE
                        Which bill is that?

                                 SCIPIO
                        The one about Negroes serving on 
                        trial juries. 
                             (McRae starts to object)
                        Now’s a good time, with everyone’s 
                        mind on other things. We could pass 
                        it quickly with barely a mention in 
                        the newspapers--

                                 MCRAE
                             (Interrupting)
                        Are you insane? Scipio...I can’t 
                        put a race bill in front of the 
                        state legislature right before the 
                        election. You know that. Unless you 
                        want to just hand the governor's 
                        mansion over to my opponent and 
                        take your chances with him? He’s 
                        running quite the little populist 
                        campaign, just got himself endorsed 
                        by the Klan. But I’m sure he’d be 
                        perfectly receptive to whatever you 
                        want to discuss with him.
           Scipio looks away for a moment and McRae senses he went too 
           far. He steps a little closer, softening just a bit.

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Look, I know progress has not come 
                        as fast as you’d like, but we’ve 
                        accomplished a great deal. Little 
                        Rock is known throughout the South 
                        as a black man’s El Dorado. It’s 
                        one of the only cities, North or 
                        South, that has a thriving black 
                        middle class. I’m very proud of 
                        that. You should be, too. Hell, 
                        five years ago, it would’ve been 
                        unthinkable to even have a Negro in 
                        the Governor’s Mansion, let alone 
                        at a state function. Look at us 
                        now. We’ll get the rest of the way 
                        there, I promise. I just need you 
                        to be patient, alright? I’ll have 
                        more flexibility in my next term. 
                        We’ll see what we can do then.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Do I have your word on that, 
                        Governor?

                                 MCRAE
                        You have my word I’ll do my best.
                             (Holds up the envelope)
                        Can I go ahead and keep this?

           Scipio hesitates and then finally nods. What choice does he 
           have? McRae slips the envelope into his suit pocket. BEAT.

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        How’d it go at the prison tonight?
                             (Off Scipio’s look)
                        I’m sorry. I know you’re upset I 
                        wasn’t able to intervene. It’s not 
                        my place to issue pardons in these 
                        cases. He received a fair trial. 
                        That’s what’s important.

                                 SCIPIO
                        He was an American soldier.

                                 MCRAE
                        Convicted of rape and murder.

           Scipio stares at McRae, a flash of anger in his eyes--

                                 SCIPIO
                        He was innocent.
                                 MCRAE
                        A jury of his peers said otherwise. 
                        Sometimes the law just has to take 
                        its course. That’s how it goes. I 
                        didn’t win all my cases, either. In 
                        fact, if I remember correctly, I 
                        lost a few of ‘em to you.
                             (a quiet moment, then)
                        I should be getting back. Be sure 
                        to tell your people how much I 
                        appreciate their support. 
                             (then, as he leaves)
                        And try not to take everything so 
                        hard. Remember, there are a lot of 
                        reasons to be happy tonight.

           Scipio nods and watches McRae walk away, then he lets out a 
           deep sigh -- we sense a heavy weight on his shoulders. 

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK (DOWNTOWN) -- LATER

           Scipio’s footsteps echo and fade as he walks downtown. The 
           streets are now empty, littered with NEWSPAPER and CONFETTI 
           after a long night of celebration... 

           Evidence of Jim Crow is sadly all around. ‘WHITES ONLY’ signs 
           hang in the windows, CONFEDERATE STATUES guard a nearby PARK. 
           A local MOVIE THEATER plays BIRTH OF A NATION, with a giant 
           poster of a “heroic” KLANSMAN galloping through the moonlight 
           with a fiery cross in hand. (Google it, it’s terrifying.)

           Scipio takes it all in and continues on his way. Imagine how 
           sad and lonely this walk must feel. Everything in sight says 
           he’s not welcome. And yet it’s still his home.

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK (DUNBAR NEIGHBORHOOD) -- LATER

           Scipio crosses over into the black part of town. His part of 
           town. And like McRae said, Little Rock does appear to have a 
           thriving black middle class. It almost feels like Harlem--

           Folks mingle outside BUSINESSES and RESTAURANTS. JAZZ MUSIC 
           plays from nearby CLUBS. BLACK SOLDIERS are being welcomed 
           home as heroes by their families, albeit with much less 
           fanfare than their white counterparts across town...

           Scipio watches it all with bittersweet pride. Everyone stops 
           as he passes by, with numerous shouts of “Mr. Jones!” 

           EXT. PULASKI STREET -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio turns down a quiet street lined with hundred-year-old 
           trees. He stops at a beautiful brick house and climbs up the 
           front steps, reaching for the door--
           INT. JONES HOUSE -- THAT MOMENT

           An elegant house filled with BOOKS and FAMILY PICTURES on the 
           walls. The product of a life’s work. Lived-in and loved.

           HAZEL JONES (18) is curled up on the couch with a book in her 
           lap. She hears the door open and smiles as Scipio appears--

                                 HAZEL
                        Hey, Daddy.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Hey, Baby Girl.

           Scipio comes into the room and leans over the couch, beaming 
           at his daughter -- who is clearly the light of his life.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Excited for the big trip, tomorrow?
                             (Hazel nods, “Sure am.”)
                        Good. I’m sorry I missed your last 
                        night. I hope you know I wanted to 
                        spend it with you.

                                 HAZEL
                        That’s alright, I understand. Did 
                        you see the governor?
                             (Scipio nods, “I did.”)
                        Did you tell him I think he’s a 
                        horrible man?
                             (Scipio shakes his head)
                        I don’t know how you stand him. 
                        There was another lynching outside 
                        the city this week.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know. Governor McRae doesn’t 
                        condone those things.

                                 HAZEL
                        Doesn’t do anything to stop them, 
                        either. Isn’t that just as bad?

           Scipio stares at his daughter, not sure what to say. We sense 
           there are many things he’d like to tell her. But, for now, he 
           just leans forward and kisses her softly on the cheek.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Where’s your mother?

                                 LILLIE (O.S.)
                        Behind you, Mr. Jones.

           Scipio smiles and turns around, suddenly revealing-- 
           LILLIE JONES (42) standing across the room, a little younger 
           than her husband, but every bit as strong. And at the moment, 
           relieved to have her family home safe and sound.

                                 LILLIE (CONT’D)
                        You look exhausted.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Long day.

           Lillie nods and then glances at their daughter. Hazel senses 
           her parents want to be alone. She dashes up the stairs... 

           Scipio waits for her door to shut, then turns and goes over 
           to his wife. She caresses his face -- clearly worried.

                                 LILLIE
                        I wish you wouldn’t keep these 
                        hours. You’re not a young man 
                        anymore, you know?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Couldn’t be helped.

                                 LILLIE
                             (a moment, then)
                        Tell me what happened.

           Scipio stares at her. Where to even begin? Finally, he digs 
           into his pocket...and hands her Emmanuel’s medal.

           Lillie seems confused for a moment and then she realizes what 
           she has. Without another word, Scipio heads quietly upstairs, 
           leaving his wife both stunned...and speechless.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- BEDROOM -- LATER

           Lillie lies in bed with Scipio. They’ve been awake for some 
           time. In the darkness, we see she still has Emmanuel’s medal 
           in her hands. They stare at it quietly, deep in thought.

                                 LILLIE
                        He really survived the war just to 
                        be killed back home?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        I thought we had a good chance this 
                        time. A former governor was on the 
                        jury, two ministers, the rest were 
                        all well-educated men. Over twenty 
                        witnesses testified that Manny was 
                        somewhere else the night that white 
                        woman was raped and killed. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        He got the fairest trial a black 
                        man could ever hope for. And they 
                        still found a way to kill him. I 
                        wonder...how is that any different 
                        than a lynching?

           Lillie looks up at her husband -- deeply concerned.

                                 LILLIE
                        Maybe you should stop taking murder 
                        cases. You just set yourself up for 
                        heartbreak every single time.

           Scipio takes a deep breath -- suddenly emotional.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I just don’t know how to win, Lil. 
                        I don’t know how to win.

           Lillie stares at Scipio, at a loss for words. He gives her a 
           kiss and then turns over, trying in vain to get some sleep.

           EXT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- NEXT MORNING

           A humble LAW OFFICE at the end of a quiet street. Like you’d 
           find in a John Grisham movie if it were set in 1919.

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- SAME TIME

           Scipio stands at his desk, boxing up some FILES. He’s closing 
           the books on a tough loss. We know it’s not the first time. 

           OUT IN THE LOBBY/RECEPTION AREA

           Louis waits at the FRONT DESK, anxious and on edge. He checks 
           the time on his watch, then nervously shouts--

                                 LOUIS
                        Boss! We should get going if you 
                        want to make your train!

           For a brief moment, there is no answer. And then Scipio comes 
           out of his office, carrying the box of files...

                                 LOUIS (CONT’D)
                        What’s this?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Emmanuel West’s case files. Put ‘em 
                        in storage with the others when you 
                        get a chance. 

           Louis nods and takes the box, motioning to his watch. Scipio 
           grabs his coat. They walk together towards the door...
           But it opens before they get there--

           And ROBERT HILL (27, black) steps into the office, a handsome 
           young man, well-educated and groomed. And just like Scipio’s 
           last client -- wearing a World War I uniform. 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Can I help you?

                                 ROBERT
                        I’m looking for Scipio Jones.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Hesitates)
                        You found him. 

           Robert straightens up and steps a little closer, staring at 
           Scipio like a young boy who’s finally meeting his hero.

                                 ROBERT
                        George Murphy said I should come 
                        see you. My name is Robert Hill. 
                        Do you have a moment to talk?

           Scipio stares at Robert for a moment. We don’t know George 
           Murphy, yet. But his name has gotten Scipio’s attention.

                                 SCIPIO
                        George Murphy, huh? 
                             (Checks his watch, then)
                        Five minutes. Come on back.

           Robert nods and follows Scipio back to his office. We HOLD on 
           Louis -- who clearly has a bad feeling about this. 

           IN SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio shuts the door and sits down at his desk. Robert roams 
           around the room, marveling at everything he sees--

           Leather-bound LAW BOOKS fill the shelves. FRAMED PICTURES and 
           NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS hang on the walls. They span almost three 
           decades and all bear witness to a remarkable career--

           Scipio is seen with various POLITICIANS, including Governor 
           McRae. Several photographs show him arguing in court. One 
           article details his efforts to open businesses in the black 
           community. Another shows him casting a ballot at the (yes, 
           really) Republican National Convention.

                                 ROBERT
                        ‘Amazing. Hey, is it really true 
                        you challenged all the segregation 
                        laws back in 1891? 
                                 SCIPIO
                        My first case. And, sadly, my very 
                        first loss. 

                                 ROBERT
                        ‘Still something to be proud of. 
                        Most Negro lawyers have to settle 
                        for doing contract work. Not you. 
                        You actually argue in criminal 
                        court. Scipio Africanus Jones, the 
                        only black man in the South with an 
                        appellate record, who’s appeared 
                        before the Arkansas Supreme Court a 
                        record nineteen times.  

                                 SCIPIO
                        It’s a pity I couldn’t win more. 
                        I’m impressed, Mr. Hill. You’ve 
                        clearly done your homework. So how 
                        do you know George Murphy?

                                 ROBERT
                        I imagine the same way you do.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Intrigued)
                        Really? You don’t look like you’re 
                        from Phillips County.

           Robert comes over and sits down, smiling warmly--

                                 ROBERT
                        If you don’t mind my saying so, 
                        sir, neither do you. I wouldn’t 
                        have believed your story if Mr. 
                        Murphy hadn’t told me himself all 
                        about how you fled the cotton 
                        fields and came to Little Rock, 
                        worked as a janitor in a white law 
                        firm just so you could study for 
                        the bar exam at night.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I was fortunate. Back then, there 
                        was no road map for where I wanted 
                        to go. Still isn’t. The hardest 
                        part was getting out of Phillips 
                        County though. But then...I don’t 
                        have to tell you that, do I?

                                 ROBERT
                        No, you sure don’t. But you got out 
                        during more difficult times. Do you 
                        remember it well?
                                 SCIPIO
                        The Delta?

                                 ROBERT
                        No. Slavery.

           Scipio stares at Robert long and hard. And in this moment, we 
           realize: he doesn’t like to talk about his past.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m in a bit of a hurry, Mr. Hill, 
                        so I’m just going to go ahead and 
                        say yes. I’ll help you.
                             (Robert looks confused)
                        You’re not the first young Negro to 
                        come ask for my guidance. I’ll help 
                        you study for the bar exam and, in 
                        return, you’ll work here. I have a 
                        similar arrangement with Louis, the 
                        young man you met outside.

                                 ROBERT
                        Mr. Jones, I think there’s been a 
                        misunderstanding. I’m not here to 
                        pursue a career in law. I’m here 
                        because I need legal assistance.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Legal assistance? 
                             (then, pointedly)
                        You in some kind of trouble, son?

                                 ROBERT
                        No...but I need help with a little 
                        venture I’m undertaking. 

           Robert removes a stack of black and white PHOTOGRAPHS from 
           his bag and hands them to Scipio. The first shows a sleepy 
           southern TOWN at the edge of a massive, raging river--

                                 ROBERT (CONT’D)
                        Ever been to Elaine? Small farming 
                        community in southern Phillips 
                        County. Right on the Mississippi 
                        River. Richest topsoil in the 
                        world. Tough place to live, but a 
                        tremendous place to grow cotton.

           Scipio flips through pictures of the town. It seems quiet and 
           peaceful. But we sense a terror lurking beneath the surface.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I try to avoid sundown towns. Is 
                        this where George is living now?
                                 ROBERT
                        Yes, sir. He’s helping me organize 
                        the sharecroppers down there. You 
                        see, they’re rather upset with 
                        their present condition. 
                             (then, boldly)
                        They’re looking to form a union.

           Scipio flinches and, for a moment, doesn’t seem to react. He 
           finally looks up. And we sense he’s deeply troubled.

                                 SCIPIO
                        A union? For what purpose?

                                 ROBERT
                             (Shrugs, “What else?”)
                        To fight for higher wages. With the 
                        war over and new markets opening 
                        overseas, the price of cotton has 
                        skyrocketed. It’s currently selling 
                        at over fifty-cents a pound. Know 
                        how much the sharecroppers get? The 
                        men and women who actually do the 
                        back-breaking work of picking all 
                        that cotton? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Three or four cents? 

                                 ROBERT
                        If they’re lucky. Their condition 
                        is desperate, arguably no better 
                        than it was under slavery. Planters 
                        keep them in servitude by advancing 
                        them money for supplies, charging 
                        five or six times what a white 
                        person would pay, and then cooking 
                        the books so they can never get out 
                        of debt. No different than serfdom. 
                        They remain, in every practical 
                        sense, in bondage.    

           Scipio sighs and continues flipping through the pictures. The 
           next few are portraits of black SHARECROPPERS, ragged MEN and 
           WOMEN with broken bodies, weathered faces, haunted eyes.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Mr. Hill...my mother picked cotton 
                        her entire life. You don’t have to 
                        tell me it’s hard. I’m well aware.

                                 ROBERT
                        Well, I’m sure you’re also aware a 
                        lot of these men are veterans. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 ROBERT (CONT'D)
                        They spent the last year fighting 
                        for other people’s freedom and 
                        rightly believe they should be 
                        given the same consideration here 
                        at home. Southern economies would 
                        collapse without black labor. 
                        Everyone knows this. Whites are 
                        desperate to stop Negroes from 
                        fleeing to the North. That means 
                        sharecroppers have both leverage 
                        and willpower. This is a unique 
                        moment in history. We can right 
                        this wrong. But we need your help. 
                        There are incorporation papers to 
                        file, a stock-company to form, and 
                        honestly, we’re going to need legal 
                        representation if we get taken to 
                        court. Mr. Murphy said I should 
                        come see you. He said you’re the 
                        only man for the job.

           Scipio smiles faintly, but we see reluctance in his eyes. He 
           turns to another picture, showing a humble BAPTIST CHURCH...

                                 ROBERT (CONT’D)
                        That’s where we hold our meetings. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Looks like the church I attended 
                        when I was a boy.

           Scipio’s eyes linger a moment and then he turns to the last 
           page: a FLYER showing an army of workers with raised fists, 
           under the bold heading: BATTLE FOR YOUR RIGHTS!

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Let me make sure I understand. You 
                        plan on venturing down to Phillips 
                        County, a place northern newspapers 
                        have dubbed the American Congo, in 
                        order to form a sharecroppers union 
                        with the hope of demanding higher 
                        wages from their white overlords?

                                 ROBERT
                        Yes, sir. That is my intention.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        You’re a dead man.

           Robert rears back, caught off guard. He searches for words, 
           but Scipio is already up and charging around the desk--
                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        What? Didn’t get enough fighting in 
                        the trenches, you want to start a 
                        war at home? You been following the 
                        news, Mr. Hill? Because despite 
                        what you may have been led to 
                        believe, this has not exactly been 
                        a united home front. We’ve had race 
                        riots in several major cities. Just 
                        last month, Chicago erupted into a 
                        full blown war zone because two 
                        little black boys tried to go 
                        swimming in the wrong part of town. 
                        That’s up north. What do you think 
                        is going to happen when you try to 
                        unionize the Mississippi Delta?

                                 ROBERT
                        Mr. Jones...these men and women 
                        know the risks. They’re willing to 
                        fight for a chance at a better 
                        future. I thought you, of all 
                        people, would understand that.

           Scipio stares at Robert and seems to soften a bit. He sighs 
           and steps forward, sitting down beside the young man.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I do and I admire your conviction, 
                        but you need to understand this is 
                        not the first time people have 
                        spoken about a “unique moment in 
                        history.” They said the same thing 
                        when I was a boy and the war ended. 
                        Everyone believed things would get 
                        better and they did...for awhile. 
                        Congress passed the 14th amendment, 
                        Negroes were granted citizenship, 
                        the right to vote, run for office, 
                        even serve on juries. In just a few 
                        short years, we had black policemen 
                        and firefighters. Sixteen Negroes 
                        were elected to the United States 
                        Congress, hundreds more to state 
                        and local legislatures. The Civil 
                        Rights Act was passed, barring 
                        businesses from discriminating on 
                        the basis of race. “Never was a 
                        revolution more complete,” said 
                        Frederick Douglass. He was right. 
                        The future looked hopeful.

                                 ROBERT
                        So what happened?
                                 SCIPIO
                        Slaughterhouse vs. Louisiana. 

                                 ROBERT
                             (Confused)
                        I’m sorry...what’s that?

                                 SCIPIO
                        A little known case most people 
                        have never heard of. You can read 
                        about it in those books you were 
                        just admiring. In 1873, sanitation 
                        laws were passed requiring butchers 
                        in New Orleans to move their shops 
                        to a specific part of town. They 
                        filed suit, alleging their right to 
                        due process had been violated under 
                        the terms of the 14th Amendment.  

                                 ROBERT
                        That’s absurd.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I agree. So did the United States 
                        Supreme Court. They ruled against 
                        the butchers in a 5-4 decision, 
                        stating that while citizens are 
                        entitled to certain rights under 
                        the constitution...
                             (then, with emphasis)
                        ...it is the responsibility of the 
                        state to guarantee those rights.  

                                 ROBERT
                        I don't understand. What does that 
                        have to do with us?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Everything. Whether they realized 
                        it or not, those five justices had 
                        set a precedent that would snowball 
                        for fifty years. Once the federal 
                        government yielded its authority in 
                        matters of constitutional law, the 
                        South was free to rise again. A few 
                        years after the Slaughterhouse 
                        case, the Supreme Court cited the 
                        very same precedent and ruled that 
                        the federal government couldn’t 
                        prosecute lynch mobs or stop states 
                        from implementing poll taxes and 
                        literacy tests. And guess what? No 
                        more Negro congressmen, no more 
                        Negro police. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        And you certainly won’t find any 
                        Negroes serving on juries, or 
                        anywhere in a courtroom for that 
                        matter...unless, of course, they 
                        have the misfortune of sitting in 
                        the defendant’s chair.
                             (Lets that sink in, then)
                        Eight years after Slaughterhouse, 
                        the Supreme Court went ahead and 
                        declared the entire Civil Rights 
                        Act unconstitutional. After all, 
                        businesses are privately owned. Why 
                        shouldn’t they have the right to 
                        discriminate?
                             (a quiet moment, then)
                        I think about those butchers all 
                        the time, and how a single decision 
                        can change history. If one more 
                        justice had dissented, our future 
                        might have been very different. But 
                        they didn’t. So here we are.

           Robert stares at Scipio, not sure what to say. But the wind 
           has left his sails. The whole room feels deflated.

                                 ROBERT
                        If one case can change history,  
                        doesn't it stand to reason another 
                        can change it back?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Doubtful. Once established, legal 
                        precedents are almost impossible to 
                        overturn. Besides, the Taft Court 
                        is split six-to-two, with Democrats 
                        in the majority. The only justice 
                        who’d even be sympathetic to us is 
                        Oliver Wendell Holmes. And he’s 
                        rejected every case I’ve ever sent 
                        to him on appeal. 

                                 ROBERT
                             (a moment, then)
                        Why are you telling me all this?

           Scipio leans forward and looks Robert right in the eye--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Because you need to understand. If 
                        you go down to Phillips County and 
                        get into trouble, the law won’t 
                        protect you. It can’t. It’s in 
                        chains. Like those sharecroppers 
                        you care so much about. 
           Robert stays quiet for a moment and we sense Scipio’s given 
           him pause. But he’s young, foolish...and full of idealism.

                                 ROBERT
                        Mr. Jones, I appreciate all this, I 
                        really do, but...this is something 
                        I’m committed to doing.

                                 SCIPIO
                        If I was your attorney, I would 
                        urge you to reconsider.

                                 ROBERT
                        So you won’t help me?

                                 SCIPIO
                        There’s honestly nothing I can do 
                        for you, son.

           Robert shakes his head and then rises to his feet. He stands 
           quietly for a moment...and then lays his soul bare--

                                 ROBERT
                        You know...when I was in France, 
                        people welcomed me with open arms. 
                        I could eat where I wanted, talk to 
                        whoever I wanted. I may have had a 
                        German army in front of me, but I 
                        never had to worry about lynchers 
                        at my back. Now if that can happen 
                        there, why not here? Aren’t people 
                        basically just the same? I don’t 
                        understand you. This is your home. 
                        You sound as if you’ve given up.

           Scipio hesitates and suddenly looks away. And we sense, in 
           this quiet moment, that Robert’s now given him pause.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m sorry. Maybe I’ve grown old. I 
                        used to feel the same way you do. 
                        But unfortunately, the course of my 
                        life, and some recent events, have 
                        caused me to become...pessimistic 
                        about such things. 

                                 ROBERT
                        Well, I say pessimism is cowardice.

           Scipio flinches, clearly stung. Robert puts on his hat and 
           suddenly turns, charging towards the door... 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Robert.
           Robert turns back, a flash of hope in his eyes. Scipio stares 
           at him for a moment, then nods quietly at his uniform-- 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Be sure to take a change of clothes 
                        with you. You’ll get lynched in the 
                        Delta for wearing a uniform. Even 
                        if you are a veteran.
                             (As Robert turns to leave)
                        And Robert...good luck.

           Robert stares at Scipio, then charges out the door. Scipio 
           listens to his footsteps fade down the hall. And then-- 

           Scipio notices Robert’s stack of PICTURES still on his desk. 
           He jumps up and grabs them, racing out the door--

           OUT IN THE LOBBY/RECEPTION AREA -- CONTINUOUS

           Scipio finds Robert long gone. Louis comes over and motions 
           to his watch. Scipio nods...and reaches for his coat.

           EXT. HOWARD UNIVERSITY -- AFTERNOON (DAYS LATER)

           A sprawling CAMPUS overlooking the nation’s capital. A much 
           different place in 1919, but there are still enough notable 
           landmarks to recognize Washington, DC. 

           INT. DORM ROOM -- THAT MOMENT

           Lillie helps Hazel settle into her dorm. STUDENTS pass by the 
           open door -- all young BLACK GIRLS excited for fall semester.

                                 LILLIE
                        Do you like your roommates?

                                 HAZEL
                        Yeah, they seem nice.
                             (then, looking around)
                        Where’d Dad go?

                                 LILLIE
                        I think he’s still outside, looking 
                        at the campus.

           Hazel goes to the window and sees her father in the yard--

           EXT. HOWARD UNIVERSITY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio stands on the hillside, staring at the city. He seems 
           quiet, deep in thought. Still thinking about Robert Hill.

                                 HAZEL (O.S.)
                        You alright? 
           Scipio turns and sees Hazel approaching. He smiles with a bit 
           of sadness as she comes over and stands beside him.

                                 HAZEL (CONT’D)
                        You’ve been quiet the whole trip.

                                 SCIPIO
                        When your daughter leaves home for 
                        college someday, you’ll understand. 
                             (then, off her look)
                        Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. 

           Hazel smiles and they stare out at the city together. Scipio 
           notices a group of BLACK STUDENTS across the yard talking to 
           WHITE COEDS. His face suddenly darkens. He seems worried.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Listen, Hazel...I need to speak 
                        with you about something.

                                 HAZEL
                        Oh, Dad...it’s alright. Mom already 
                        talked to me about boys.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Well, I don’t want to know anything 
                        about that conversation.

           Hazel smiles and playfully rolls her eyes. Scipio steps a bit 
           closer, his tone suddenly quiet...and serious-- 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        This isn’t Arkansas, but it’s still 
                        America. Understand? You need to be 
                        careful around white people.
                             (Hazel nods, “I will.”)
                        If anything were to happen to you, 
                        your mother and I would never--

           Hazel silences him with a hug, whispering into his ear--

                                 HAZEL
                        I’ll be careful, Dad. I promise. 

           Scipio wraps his arms around her, not wanting to let go. He 
           takes a deep breath...and then whispers back to her--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m sorry I couldn’t give you a 
                        better world.

                                 HAZEL
                             (a moment, then)
                        You did just fine.
           Scipio nods and then pulls back, suddenly emotional. His eyes 
           well up with tears. Hazel watches him wipe them away.

                                 HAZEL (CONT’D)
                        Ah, Daddy. Don’t be sad.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m not sad. I’m just overwhelmed 
                        by it all. Slavery to college in a 
                        generation. ‘Quite something. 
                             (Looks around, then)
                        I wish my mother could see this. 

                                 HAZEL
                             (Shrugs)
                        Maybe she can.

           Scipio smiles and puts his arm around his daughter, then he 
           nods at a familiar BUILDING looming far in the distance--

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Know what that is over there?

                                 HAZEL
                        Of course. The Capitol building.

           Scipio nods: “Very good.” He points to another--

                                 SCIPIO
                        How about that one?

                                 HAZEL
                        That’s the White House. Dad...I did 
                        get into college, you know?

           Scipio smiles and points to one more, a giant MARBLE BUILDING 
           facing the opposite direction, obscured by blooming trees--

                                 SCIPIO
                        How ‘bout that one?

           And Hazel’s smile fades away. She shakes her head, unsure.

                                 HAZEL
                        I don’t know that one. It looks 
                        like a regular old building.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        That’s the Supreme Court.

                                 HAZEL
                             (Impressed)
                        Really? I never would’ve guessed.
                                 SCIPIO
                        You should go over there sometime 
                        when court is in session. That’s 
                        where real history gets made. 

                                 HAZEL
                        Maybe I’ll wait until you argue a 
                        case there.

           Scipio laughs at the thought, shaking his head--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Too late for me, I’m afraid. You, 
                        on the other hand...I’ll hold out 
                        some hope for that possibility.

           Hazel smiles and walks with her father back to the dorm. Just 
           as they’re about to disappear inside, Scipio glances back at 
           the Supreme Court. And his eyes linger for a moment.

           INT. TRAIN -- SUNSET

           Scipio sits with Lillie in a segregated passenger car. It’s 
           crowded and dirty. BLACK PEOPLE are crammed into every seat, 
           with many more standing in the aisle...

           Through the window, we can see WHITE PEOPLE in the next car, 
           spread out and comfortable, enjoying a nice dinner. This is 
           “separate but equal” in Jim Crow, America.

           Scipio has Robert’s file of pictures open on his lap. Lillie 
           watches as he flips through them -- clearly concerned.  

                                 LILLIE
                        Penny for your thoughts?

           Scipio looks up at his wife. He hesitates, then smiles--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I miss our girl.

                                 LILLIE
                        Me, too. 
                             (a moment, then)
                        But what’s really bothering you?

           Scipio sighs and glances at the pictures in his lap. Staring 
           at a family of sharecroppers, he quietly says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Somebody said something to me the 
                        other day I can’t stop thinking 
                        about. Do you think pessimism is 
                        the same thing as cowardice?
           Lillie stares at Scipio in a way only possible after decades 
           of marriage. She knows this is a question that speaks deeply 
           to him. And it asks a thousand others.

                                 LILLIE
                        Depends, I suppose.

                                 SCIPIO
                        On what?

                                 LILLIE
                        On whether you think pessimism is 
                        just a matter of being realistic.

           Scipio stares at her for a moment and finally nods. He closes 
           the file on his lap and glances back out the window-- 

           Far in the distance, in fields set ablaze by the setting sun, 
           DARK FIGURES can be seen toiling past sundown. Sharecroppers, 
           perhaps. And then, in an instant, they’re gone.

           EXT. UNION STATION (LITTLE ROCK) -- LATER

           Scipio and Lillie step off the train and get their bags. It’s 
           late and the station is practically empty. But everyone who’s 
           there seems to be reading a NEWSPAPER...

           Scipio walks with Lillie down the platform, sensing a strange 
           excitement in the air. And then they pass by a NEWSSTAND... 

           And Scipio stops dead in his tracks.

                                 LILLIE
                        Scipio? What’s wrong?

           Scipio stares at her for a moment as if he’s seen a ghost, 
           then he slowly turns...and walks over to the NEWSSTAND-- 

           REVEAL: Copies of the ARKANSAS GAZETTE are on display, with a 
           giant bold headline emblazoned on the front page: RACE WAR 
           ERUPTS IN PHILLIPS COUNTY! NEGROES PLOTTED REVOLT!

           Scipio grabs a NEWSPAPER and devours the article, turning the 
           pages frantically...and then closing his eyes with dread.

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- MORNING (HOURS LATER)

           The grim newspaper is laid out on the desk. Scipio paces back 
           and forth with a CANDLESTICK TELEPHONE in his hands... 

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Yes, Operator. I’m trying to reach 
                        George Murphy in Phillips County. 
                        Can you connect me, please?
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
                             (Listens a moment, then)
                        No service? What do you mean no 
                        service? Hello...? Operator...?

           Scipio clicks the line a few times and finally hangs up in 
           frustration. Louis comes in with another NEWSPAPER...

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        The telephone lines to Phillips 
                        County are all down.

           Louis stares at Scipio for a moment and then quietly nods. He 
           sets the newspaper on the desk. We see fear in his eyes.

                                 LOUIS
                        ‘Morning edition.

           Scipio stands frozen, dreading what he’s about to read. He 
           takes a breath and sits down, opening the newspaper--

           The front page shows a picture of McRae, under the headline: 
           GOVERNOR DEPLOYS NATIONAL GUARD TO PHILLIPS COUNTY! MCRAE 
           HERALDED FOR SWIFT ACTION IN PUTTING DOWN UPRISING! 

           Scipio sighs and then glances further down the page, where a 
           WHITE SOLDIER named JAMES TAPPAN (25) is pictured, under the 
           headline: AMERICAN SOLDIER SLAIN IN NEGRO-PLOTTED ATTACK! 

           Scipio shakes his head and quickly scans the page, searching 
           desperately for information that clearly isn’t there--

                                 SCIPIO
                        It doesn’t say whether any Negroes 
                        were killed.

                                 LOUIS
                        It’s the Mississippi Delta, Boss. 
                        What do you think?

           Scipio sits back and lets out a deep sigh. This is really 
           bad. Finally, he stands up and reaches for his hat-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Back in an hour.

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK (DOWNTOWN) -- LATE MORNING

           Scipio hustles down a crowded street, past scores of people 
           reading NEWSPAPERS...and finally entering--

           INT. UNION STATION (TELEGRAPH OFFICE) -- CONTINUOUS

           Where an aging TELEGRAPH OPERATOR (Roy, 60s) is filling out 
           some forms. He looks up and smiles as Scipio comes in--
                                 ROY
                        Heya, Judge. How have you been?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Fine, Roy. How’s your family?

                                 ROY
                        Oh...just swell. And yours?

                                 SCIPIO
                        They’re fine. Listen, I need to 
                        send a wire to Phillips County. And 
                        I’m afraid it’s rather urgent.

                                 ROY
                        ‘Sorry. No can do. Their telegraph 
                        line went down few days ago.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’re kidding.

                                 ROY
                        Nope. No messages have been getting 
                        in or out all week. Say, you don’t 
                        have any people down there, do ya? 
                        I hear someone kicked the hornet’s 
                        nest good and hard.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Hesitates)
                        No. Thanks, Roy. I’ll check back 
                        with you tomorrow.

           Roy smiles and offers a polite nod. But his eyes suddenly 
           narrow as Scipio turns and leaves the station.

           EXT. UNION STATION (TELEGRAPH OFFICE) -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio comes outside and leans against the wall. WHITE PEOPLE 
           all around him are still reading those awful newspapers...

           We PUSH IN on Scipio and can almost see the wheels turning in 
           his mind. Considering his options. Pondering his next move.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- LATER

           McRae charges down the hallway with an ADVISER close behind, 
           speaking at a fast clip with a clear sense of urgency--

                                 MCRAE
                        Tell Colonel Jenks I want an update 
                        by the end of the day. And get me 
                        the national newspapers. I want to 
                        see how we’re being covered.
           The adviser nods and charges on ahead. McRae turns and opens 
           his office door. Suddenly, he stops dead in his tracks--

           Scipio is standing across the room, perusing the governor’s 
           books; a folded-up NEWSPAPER tucked neatly under his arm. 

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Judge? Sorry to keep you waiting, I 
                        didn’t even know you were here.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Carl showed me in.

                                 MCRAE
                        Well...I’m going to have to talk to 
                        Carl about keeping me informed.

           McRae steps inside and quietly shuts the door. Scipio smiles 
           as the governor turns around, nodding at a bookshelf-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I see you kept your old law books.

                                 MCRAE
                        Sure. Hell, with my job, you never 
                        know when I might need ‘em.
                             (then, as he approaches)
                        The crown jewel of my collection is 
                        that first edition of Gibbon’s Fall 
                        of the Roman Empire. You know, he 
                        talks about the man you’re named 
                        after. Scipio Africanus. You’re 
                        welcome to borrow it, if you like? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Oh, I’ve read Gibbon. Couple times, 
                        actually. Thank you, though. 

                                 MCRAE
                        Why am I not surprised?
                             (Motions, “Have a seat.”)
                        So what brings you here? Shall I 
                        venture a guess?

           Scipio nods with a faint smile as they sit down. He unfolds 
           the newspaper...and sets it gently on the table--  

                                 SCIPIO
                        I was hoping you could share some 
                        details about what’s happening in 
                        Phillips County.

           McRae stares at the newspaper, then looks up at Scipio. In 
           his eyes, we see him shift from friend...to politician.
                                 MCRAE
                        Honestly, Sip, the details are a 
                        bit hazy. You’ve read the papers, 
                        you know the gist. Seems some folks 
                        went down to Elaine with the sole 
                        intention of starting trouble. Got 
                        a bunch of simple people believing 
                        all kinds of nonsense. Next thing 
                        you know, we’ve got an uprising on 
                        our hands. Pretty amazing when you 
                        consider we’re supposed to be at 
                        peace. Fortunately, the National 
                        Guard responded quickly and got the 
                        situation under control. The guilty 
                        parties are in jail, being charged 
                        as we speak. Trial’s scheduled to 
                        start in the next day or two. With 
                        any luck, and God willing, this 
                        should all be behind us soon. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        How many people were killed?

                                 MCRAE
                        Last casualty report I saw said a 
                        couple Negroes were shot resisting 
                        arrest. And a soldier, young boy. 
                        ‘Quite tragic, really. He’d just 
                        returned from the war.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What were their names?

                                 MCRAE
                        Private’s name was James Tappan. 
                        He’s being laid to rest tomorrow.

                                 SCIPIO
                        And the Negroes?

                                 MCRAE
                             (Hesitates)
                        I don’t have those names. Sorry.

           Scipio stares at McRae and quietly nods. And in his eyes, we 
           see a deep skepticism over everything he’s being told. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Well, Governor. It seems to me the 
                        people of Arkansas owe you a debt 
                        of thanks. I have no doubt that, 
                        due to your swift action, countless 
                        lives were probably saved.
                                 MCRAE
                        Thanks, Sip. That’s kind of you to 
                        say. Tell your people not to worry. 
                        ‘Situation’s been handled. There’s 
                        no cause for alarm. I’m sure you’d 
                        agree the last thing we need is for 
                        this kind of trouble to spill over 
                        here in Little Rock. Especially so 
                        close to the election.

           Scipio stares at McRae for a moment. And if it wasn’t already 
           clear, we now know what the governor really cares about.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Of course. I’ll do everything I 
                        can. You have my word, Governor.
                        Thank you for your time.

           McRae nods as Scipio picks up the newspaper and heads for the 
           door. Halfway there, he stops and turns back--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Oh, Governor? One last thing. Did 
                        you know that the telephone and 
                        telegraph lines to Phillips County 
                        have been down all week?

                                 MCRAE
                        No, I did’t. Can’t imagine that has 
                        anything to do with this, though.

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, me either. Although I do find 
                        it interesting that all the major 
                        newspapers somehow managed to get 
                        detailed accounts of everything 
                        that supposedly happened... 
                             (Holds up the newspaper)
                        Despite the fact that no messages 
                        were getting through.

           And McRae, who thought he was home free, is suddenly frozen 
           in his seat. This much is clear: Scipio is a good lawyer.

                                 MCRAE
                        I don’t understand. Are you saying 
                        those reports are lies?

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, of course not. Especially now 
                        that you’ve cleared everything up.
                             (then, a slight smile)
                        Thank you again, Governor. Best of 
                        luck with the campaign.
           Scipio turns and leaves, pulling the door shut behind him. We 
           HOLD on McRae -- sensing this could be a problem.

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- SUNSET

           The office is bathed in deep orange light. The grim newspaper 
           is laid out on the desk, with Emmanuel’s medal on top.

           Scipio sits quietly, consumed in dark thoughts. We sense he’s 
           been there for hours. Suddenly, he hears a loud knock--

                                 LOUIS (O.S.)
                        Need anything before I go?

           Scipio looks up and sees Louis in the doorway. He shakes his 
           head. Louis starts to leave. And then Scipio calls out--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Louis? Do I have any meetings 
                        scheduled tomorrow?

                                 LOUIS
                        Yeah, a few.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Cancel them.

           Louis seems confused and then he sees Emmanuel’s medal on the 
           desk. And suddenly, he realizes what Scipio is going to do.

                                 LOUIS
                        You sure, Boss?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        Have a nice night.

           Louis nods and disappears out the door, leaving Scipio bathed 
           in a fiery light...and a deep sense of growing resolve.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- BEDROOM -- EVENING

           Lillie comes in and finds Scipio packing a SUITCASE--

                                 LILLIE
                        You’re going somewhere?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Just for a day or two. Got a client 
                        over in Tulip who needs some help. 

                                 LILLIE
                        The house is already quiet without 
                        Hazel. Now you’re leaving, too?
                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m sorry. This came up suddenly.

                                 LILLIE
                        Is it serious?

           Scipio closes the suitcase and turns to face Lillie. He hates 
           lying to her...but he doesn’t want her to worry.

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, just a civil case. 

                                 LILLIE
                        Call me when you get there?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t think they have telephone 
                        service, yet. But I’ll send a wire 
                        on my way back. Alright?

           Lillie nods and Scipio kisses her on the cheek. She watches 
           him leave -- suspicious he isn’t telling her everything.

           INT. TRAIN -- NIGHT

           Scipio sits in the same segregated passenger car as before. 
           Only this time, it isn’t crowded. It almost feels...empty.  

           Scipio takes off his coat and folds it up for a pillow. We 
           watch him close his eyes and go to sleep. And then-- 

           We PULL OUT WIDE to reveal he’s all alone in the car, heading 
           to a place where no other black man dares to travel...

           INT. TRAIN -- DAWN (NEXT MORNING)

           Scipio feels sunlight on his face and opens his eyes. He sits 
           up and looks outside, greeted with a stunning view--

           The sun is rising over the vast MISSISSIPPI RIVER. Warm light 
           dances across the water, nearly two miles wide, and blankets 
           soft fields of cotton as far as the eye can see...

           Scipio stares at the landscape, both epic and sad. His eyes 
           suddenly flicker. We sense he’s peering into his own past.

                                 PORTER (O.S.)
                        Next stop, Elaine!

           Scipio sees a white PORTER (40s) passing through the car. He 
           shoots Scipio a glance, scornful and befuddled. And then--

           Scipio lurches forward as the train pulls into the station, 
           slams on the breaks, and screeches to a sudden stop. BEAT.
           Scipio grabs his bag and walks calmly down the aisle. The 
           same porter watches him approach, now blocking the door.

                                 PORTER (CONT’D)
                        Sure you want to get off here, boy?

           Scipio stares at the man and quietly nods. The porter gives 
           him a look: “It’s your funeral.” And then he steps aside--

           EXT. TRAIN PLATFORM -- CONTINUOUS

           Scipio steps off the train and takes a look around, only to 
           find the station is empty. He’s the only one there. 

           Scipio slowly turns and takes it all in. Everything is quiet 
           and peaceful. And yet, strangely menacing. And then--

           The train whistle shrieks loudly and the engine spits steam, 
           chugging out of the station...and leaving Scipio behind.  

           EXT. MAIN STREET (ELAINE) -- EARLY MORNING

           Scipio comes out of the station and approaches a small town 
           up ahead. We recognize it right away: Elaine, Arkansas. 

           The town from Robert’s pictures. 

           Scipio grips his bag tightly, his footsteps echo and fade. 
           It’s unnervingly quiet. And we quickly see why--

           Just like the train station, the town appears abandoned. Some 
           SOLDIERS guard the JAIL and COURTHOUSE while a few CHILDREN 
           play in the empty street. But the SHOPS and BUSINESSES are 
           all shuttered and closed. The adult residents are gone. 

           Scipio maintains a steady calm as he strides into town. And 
           then he suddenly flinches, passing a sign that reads-- 

           NIGGER, READ AND RUN
           DON’T LET THE SUN GO DOWN ON YOU HERE

           Scipio takes a deep breath and continues on his way. He tips 
           his hat to the soldiers as he passes the jail. They all grip 
           their guns tightly, eyes brimming with suspicion. 

           Scipio glances up and sees more SOLDIERS on the roof, manning 
           a giant military-grade MACHINE GUN. It’s like something you’d 
           see in a war zone or an occupied country. And then--

           A gentle breeze blows. It gets even quieter. Scipio glances 
           down the street. The children have all stopped playing. 

           They stand frozen like statues, watching him approach. One 
           YOUNG BOY seems to be wearing an odd-shaped NECKLACE... 
           Scipio gets a little closer. The boy slowly turns. And we see 
           that the “necklace” is a string of severed BLACK EARS. 

           Scipio shudders in horror and then sees a SHATTERED WINDOW up 
           ahead. A sign above the door reads: GEORGE MURPHY, ATTNY.

           INT. MURPHY’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           GEORGE MURPHY (79, white) limps around his office, packing to 
           leave; his aging body fueled with adrenaline and fear.

                                 SCIPIO (O.S.)
                        George.

           Murphy gasps and turns around with a GUN in his hand. Scipio 
           takes a step back and calmly raises his arms--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Whoa, easy there. It’s me.

           Murphy steps into the light and squints, stunned--

                                 MURPHY
                        Scipio? ‘Hell are you doing here?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Nice to see you, too.
                             (Looks around, then)
                        Getting out of town?

                                 MURPHY
                        ‘Bet your ass I’m getting out of 
                        town. It ain’t safe for me anymore. 
                        And, Sip, if it ain’t safe for me, 
                        it sure as shit ain’t safe for you.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Me, I understand. Why you? 

                                 MURPHY
                        Eh...couple of those union boys 
                        were seen leaving my office last 
                        week. And apparently that’s all it 
                        takes to get a brick through your 
                        window these days. Sip, this is 
                        bad. You should have told me you 
                        were coming.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I couldn’t. Your telephone and 
                        telegraph lines have been cut.

                                 MURPHY
                        Oh, that’s just perfect.
           Murphy hobbles over to his desk and grabs some files-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Your limp is getting worse.

                                 MURPHY
                        You know, you might show me just a 
                        little respect. I took this bullet 
                        fighting for your freedom.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You fought for the Confederacy.

                                 MURPHY
                        And we lost. You’re welcome.

           Scipio allows a faint smile and goes over to the window. He 
           peers through broken glass at the quiet street outside--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Why is the town so empty?

                                 MURPHY
                        Everyone’s over at the cemetery 
                        laying Private Tappan to rest.

                                 SCIPIO
                        So it’s true, then? They killed a 
                        white boy?

                                 MURPHY
                        ‘Afraid so. And they couldn’t have 
                        picked a worse man to kill. Son of 
                        a prominent family and a war hero. 
                        As soon as that funeral ends, you 
                        can bet there’ll be a mob in the 
                        street. I plan to be long gone by 
                        then. If you were smart, you’d head 
                        back to Little Rock now. 

           Scipio takes a deep breath -- he’s not going anywhere.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Tell me what happened.

                                 MURPHY
                        Who knows? Supposedly, Negroes in 
                        the area were planning to massacre 
                        all the whites. Tappan was driving 
                        past the church where they were 
                        plotting their uprising when he got 
                        a flat tire. Couple of ‘em snuck up 
                        and ambushed him, setting their 
                        plan off prematurely.
                                 SCIPIO
                        You believe that story?

                                 MURPHY
                        Of course not.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What about that boy you sent to me? 
                        Is he still alive?

                                 MURPHY
                        Robert? Doubtful. But if he is, 
                        he’s over in that jail. I thought 
                        you’d talk some sense into him. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I tried. He’s young and headstrong.

                                 MURPHY
                        Yeah, well...if memory serves me 
                        correctly, so were you.

           Scipio flinches as that comment lands. He glances over at the 
           jail, guarded by soldiers. And his conviction seems to grow. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        How many other prisoners?

                                 MURPHY
                        ‘Hundred or so. Most pled guilty to 
                        lesser charges. The rest are being 
                        tried later this afternoon. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Pretty efficient system you boys 
                        got down here.

                                 MURPHY
                        That’s the Mississippi Delta for 
                        ya. Welcome home, my friend.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What time does the courtroom open?

                                 MURPHY
                        ‘Bout nine.

           Scipio nods and glances at his watch: it’s 7:30. He slowly 
           turns around just as Murphy finishes packing--

                                 SCIPIO
                        You driving out of town?
                             (Murphy nods, “Sure am.”)
                        ‘Mind giving me a ride?
                                 MURPHY
                        Now that’s the first sensible thing 
                        you’ve said since you got here. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’d like to see the church where 
                        the shooting supposedly started. 
                        Can you show me where it is?

           Murphy sighs and zips up his bag, turning to face Scipio--

                                 MURPHY
                        No. But I can show you where it 
                        used to be.

           INT. MODEL-T DRIVING, COUNTRY ROAD -- MORNING

           Murphy drives a MODEL-T down a dusty road. Scipio sits in the 
           passenger seat, reviewing Robert’s file of pictures...

           Murphy suddenly yanks the wheel and pulls over to the side. 
           He turns to Scipio and nods: “There it is, right there.” 

           Scipio sits for a moment, stunned by what he sees. He holds 
           up Robert’s picture of a humble BAPTIST CHURCH. And then he 
           slowly lowers it to reveal a ruin of smoldering ash--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I can only think of one reason 
                        they’d burn it down.

                                 MURPHY
                        Sure. Destroy evidence.

           Scipio nods and then climbs out of the car. He slowly circles 
           the perimeter...and stops at a pool of dried blood--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Tappan died here?

           Murphy hesitates and then quietly nods. Scipio kneels in the 
           tall grass...and picks up a few empty RIFLE SHELLS.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        So...after the smoke cleared and 
                        everyone realized a white man had 
                        been killed, what happened then?

                                 MURPHY
                        ‘Most fled into the woods. They 
                        knew they were in trouble and 
                        didn’t have long. White mobs poured 
                        in right after ‘em. And then the 
                        real killing began.
           Scipio takes a deep breath and quietly nods, then he glances 
           up at the dense forest lurking beyond the cotton fields--

           EXT. FOREST -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Murphy step into the woods. Sunlight cuts through 
           the moss-covered trees. It’s a beautiful autumn morning. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Confused)
                        What happened to the bodies?

                                 MURPHY
                        Posses burned most of ‘em. Families 
                        buried the rest. Just like they 
                        done for three-hundred years. You 
                        have any idea how many folks have 
                        been strung up in these trees?

           Scipio looks up as a gentle breeze rattles the branches. And 
           all at once, we can feel the souls. This place is haunted. 

                                 MURPHY (CONT’D)
                        Despite what you may have read in 
                        the papers about the swift action 
                        of our Governor McRae, it took the 
                        army nearly three days to get here. 
                        It was open season until then. Men, 
                        women, children. Anything black and 
                        moving was a target. They shot ‘em 
                        down like rabbits. It was a good 
                        old-fashioned nigger hunt. Just 
                        like the old days.

                                 SCIPIO
                        See any of this yourself?
                             (Murphy shakes his head)
                        Too bad. You’d make a good witness.

           Scipio turns and heads deeper into the woods. He soon begins  
           to see signs of killing: SCATTERED FOOTPRINTS in the ground, 
           TRAMPLED GRASS, BULLET HOLES in the trees...

           And then Scipio stops dead in his tracks. A large TREE TRUNK 
           up ahead is painted crimson red, stained with dried blood. 

           Scipio steps closer and sadness fills his eyes. This was an 
           execution. Someone was killed right here, on this very spot. 
           A sharecropper, perhaps. Or maybe his wife and children. 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Twenty-nine Negroes were killed in 
                        Chicago last month. Is this going 
                        to be just as bad?
                                 MURPHY
                        Scipio. God, no. This is far worse.

           Scipio sighs and keeps staring at the bloody tree, his eyes 
           full of grief. But also a deep rising fury. And then--

           Scipio suddenly hears something far in the distance. A faint 
           moaning. It almost sounds like a child crying.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Do you hear that?

           Murphy shakes his head, unsure. And then they suddenly hear 
           it again. Louder this time. And unmistakably human. 

           Scipio dashes off into the trees, racing towards the sound. 
           Murphy limps close behind, struggling to keep up...

           FIFTY YARDS AWAY -- CONTINUOUS

           Scipio comes through the trees, shocked to discover--

           A YOUNG BOY (5, black) huddled behind some bushes, crying in 
           despair. Sick and dehydrated, frightened and confused.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        George!

           Scipio takes off his coat and wraps it around the boy. He 
           picks him up in his arms as Murphy limps into view--

                                 MURPHY
                        Oh, my God.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Do you know who this is?

           Murphy steps a little closer. The boy cowers in fear. Scipio 
           holds him close, as if to say: “There, now. It’s alright.” 

                                 MURPHY
                        Yeah. Frank Moore’s boy.
                             (Feels his forehead)
                        He’s a little warm.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Is there a place around here we can 
                        get him some food and water?

                                 MURPHY
                        Yeah, his family’s cabin is nearby. 
                        Come on, I’ll show you.

           Scipio nods and follows Murphy deeper into the trees--
           EXT. SHARECROPPERS’ CABINS -- MORNING

           Scipio comes out of the woods with Murphy, the boy still in 
           his arms. They see some CABINS in the distance, dilapidated 
           and run down. Clearly lacking water and electricity. 

           This is extreme poverty, it knows no equal. And from the look 
           on Scipio’s face, we sense it looks very familiar.

           INT. SHARECROPPERS’ CABIN -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Murphy give the boy a cup of WATER and some BREAD. 
           He struggles at first, but soon is eating on his own...

                                 SCIPIO
                        Good?

           The boy looks up at Scipio and quietly nods. He continues to 
           eat. Scipio watches him for a moment, then asks-- 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        What were you doing out in the 
                        woods all by yourself?

           The boy looks up at Scipio. His answer should give us chills--

                                 YOUNG BOY
                        Mom told me to hide.

                                 SCIPIO
                        When was the last time you saw her?

           The boy shrugs, unsure. But there’s a sadness in his eyes 
           that suggests he knows the worst has probably happened.

           Scipio stares at the boy, not sure what to say. He takes a 
           deep breath and stands up, roaming around the cabin-- 

           Shack is a more accurate word, for it’s a single room; built 
           with rotting PLANK WOOD and NEWSPAPER for insulation. SOILED 
           BLANKETS are laid out on the floor for beds.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        The whole family lives here?

                                 MURPHY
                             (Nods, then)
                        As you can see, sharecroppers’ 
                        living conditions haven’t changed 
                        much since you were a boy. Extreme 
                        heat in the summer, extreme cold in 
                        the winter. Nothing to keep the 
                        mosquitos out. It’s a wonder more 
                        don’t die from malaria. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MURPHY (CONT'D)
                        Sip, these people are responsible 
                        for the most profitable industry in 
                        the world. It’s built on their 
                        backs. This is all they have to 
                        show for it. Can you blame any of 
                        ‘em for wanting to form a union? 

           Scipio takes a deep breath and quietly shakes his head. His 
           eyes flicker once again. He glances back at the young boy--

                                 SCIPIO
                        What do you suppose happened to his 
                        family?

                                 MURPHY
                             (a moment, then)
                        God knows.

           EXT. SHARECROPPERS’ CABIN -- MOMENTS LATER

           A gentle breeze sways the cotton fields. Scipio leans against 
           a WOODEN FENCE, flipping through Robert’s pictures--

           Scipio arrives at one that looks like it was taken on this 
           very spot. It shows a HUSBAND and WIFE holding their SON. 

           Scipio squints in the sunlight and looks closer. Sure enough, 
           it’s the same young boy he just found in the woods.

                                 MURPHY (O.S.)
                        Robert take those?

           Scipio turns and sees Murphy coming towards him. He quietly 
           nods and glances back at the family in the photograph--

                                 SCIPIO
                        He was thorough.

                                 MURPHY
                        Yeah, nice kid. Hope he’s okay.

           Scipio sighs and closes the file, then peers over the fence. 
           Suddenly, he notices: the ANIMAL PENS are all empty--

                                 SCIPIO
                        What happened to the livestock?

                                 MURPHY
                        You’ll find anything of value is 
                        most likely in the possession of 
                        white planters, now.

           Scipio shakes his head and looks off in the distance. Staring 
           at the vast cotton fields, he comes to a realization--
                                 SCIPIO
                        Does that include cotton crops?
                             (Murphy nods, “Sure.”)
                        How many acres would you say these 
                        families farm all together?

                                 MURPHY
                        I don’t know. Four-thousand?

                                 SCIPIO
                        And an acre still yields about five-
                        hundred pounds of cotton?
                             (Murphy nods, again)
                        So four-thousand acres times five-
                        hundred pounds, each selling at 
                        fifty cents a pound...
                             (Does the math, then)
                        That’s a million dollars.

                                 MURPHY
                        Pretty good return on investment, 
                        huh? And just think, all they had 
                        to do was kill a bunch of people 
                        and throw the rest in jail.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’d think there’d be more than 
                        enough to go around.

                                 MURPHY
                        With niggers? Never.
                             (then, stepping closer)
                        Sip...can I ask you something? What 
                        exactly are you aiming to do here?

           Scipio stares at Murphy, unsure. This is the question. And at 
           the moment, he doesn’t have an answer. And then--

           Something grabs their attention. It should send chills down 
           our spine. In the distance, DARK FIGURES are coming towards 
           them, drifting through the white cotton fields...

           Scipio and Murphy stand frozen as the figures come closer and 
           step into view. And we realize: they’re all BLACK WOMEN.

                                 YOUNG BOY (O.S.)
                             (Shouting)
                        Mom...!

           Scipio turns and sees the young boy come bursting out of the 
           house, racing across the yard towards one of the women--

           MARY MOORE (25) falls to her knees. She opens her arms big 
           and wide, wrapping them tightly around her son... 
                                 MARY
                        Oh, thank you, Jesus! Thank you, 
                        Jesus! Thank you!

           Mary sobs and clutches her son for dear life. Her cries are 
           deep and painful. We fear she may never let go.

                                 MURPHY
                        We found him in the woods. Must’ve 
                        been out there for days.

           Mary finally catches her breath and wipes away her tears. She 
           looks up at Scipio and Murphy and nods: “Thank you.”

                                 SCIPIO
                        You came from the jail?

                                 MARY
                             (Nods, then)
                        They released all the women.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What about the men?

           Mary grips her son tightly, shaking her head--

                                 MARY
                        They’re being put on trial this 
                        afternoon. And the prosecutor, he 
                        says they’re sure to hang!  

                                 SCIPIO
                        Did you get his name?

           Mary trembles as she searches her memory, reliving the horror 
           of the past week as she tries desperately to recall a name--

                                 MARY
                        Um...Mil...Miller. I think he said 
                        his name was Miller. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (To Murphy)
                        John Miller? 

                                 MURPHY
                        Yeah, young guy. Came down from 
                        Helena. You know him?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know all of them.

           Scipio kneels beside Mary and gently touches her arm. She 
           flinches and recoils. And he realizes: she’s in pain.
           Scipio slowly leans over and looks at Mary’s back. He sees 
           long red stripes of blood seeping through her shirt. 

           Scipio glances at the other women and we see they’ve all been 
           beaten. Their faces are bruised, their clothes bloody.

                                 MARY
                        If this is what they done to the 
                        women, just imagine what they’re 
                        doing to the men!

           Mary begins to sob in a pain we can barely imagine. It all 
           seems so hopeless. Scipio glances down at her son.

           Some people may later wonder: at what point did Scipio decide 
           to risk everything for these people, even his own life? 

           Well, the moment is here and now, staring at this boy wrapped 
           in his mother’s arms; a boy who, fifty years ago, might have 
           been him. And a mother who could’ve very well been his own.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What’s your name, Ma’am?

           Mary looks at Scipio and her face grows calm. He’s probably 
           the only man in her life who’s ever called her, ‘Ma’am.’

                                 MARY
                        Ma...Ma...Mary.

                                 SCIPIO
                        And your husband?

           Scipio holds up the picture Robert took. Mary stares at it 
           for a moment, then takes a deep breath...and says--

                                 MARY
                        Frank.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Alright, listen to me, Mary. I know 
                        you’ve been through a lot. But if 
                        you can, get yourself cleaned up 
                        and back over to the courthouse. 
                        Your husband needs you now.
                             (then, to the others)
                        That goes for all of you. Alright? 

           Mary glances at the other women. They all quietly nod. Scipio 
           rises to his feet and motions to Murphy: “Let’s go.” 

           Mary and the women watch them leave, not sure what to think. 
           But in their eyes, buried beneath so much grief and pain, we 
           see for the first time a faint glimmer of hope. 
           EXT. MAIN STREET (ELAINE) -- LATER

           Murphy stops his Model-T right at the edge of town. He waits 
           for Scipio to climb out, then motions down the street--

                                 MURPHY
                        DA’s office is on the first floor 
                        of the courthouse, second building 
                        from the jail. I’d take you myself, 
                        but this is as far as I go.

           Scipio nods and then hears a rumbling in the distance. And we 
           suddenly realize why Murphy is so apprehensive--

           TOWNSPEOPLE are pouring over the hill, heading straight for 
           town. It’s a terrifying sight, a swarm of people with blood 
           in their eyes; half a mile away and approaching fast...

                                 MURPHY (CONT’D)
                        Looks like folks are already on 
                        their way back from the cemetery. 
                        If I were you, I’d get my ass over 
                        to the train station. 
                             (Off Scipio’s look)
                        ‘Nothing you can do for those boys, 
                        now. They dug their own graves.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Don’t worry. I can handle myself.

                                 MURPHY
                        You’re a damn fool, Jones. But hell 
                        if I don’t respect you.

           Scipio nods and then watches Murphy drive away, disappearing 
           into a cloud of dust. And Scipio is once again...alone. 

           INT. COURTHOUSE -- DA’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           DEPUTY HENRY SMIDDY (32) paces around the office, as jittery 
           as a man on twelve cups of coffee. He goes to the window and 
           watches as a mob outside comes pouring down the street...

                                 SMIDDY
                        Shit.

           Smiddy hears the door open and turns, watching in disbelief 
           as Scipio, a black man in a suit, steps into the office-- 

                                 SMIDDY (CONT’D)
                        What in the everlasting hell?
                             (Puts a hand on his gun)
                        Whoa! Whoa! Just hold it right 
                        there. What do you want boy?
                                 SCIPIO
                        Judge Jones to see John Miller.

                                 SMIDDY
                        Judge Jones? ‘That a joke?

           Scipio gives him a look: “No, it is not.” Bewildered, Smiddy 
           goes into the back office. We hear a muffled whisper--

                                 SMIDDY (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        I dunno. Some nigger, says his name 
                        is ‘Judge Jones.’

           Scipio strains to hear the response, but it’s lost in all the 
           noise. He goes to the window. The mob is at the courthouse.

                                 MILLER (O.S.)
                        Judge Jones?

           Scipio turns and sees JOHN MILLER (30s) standing before him. 
           An ambitious young prosecutor who will be a U.S. Congressman 
           in a few years. He stares at Scipio -- utterly baffled.  

                                 MILLER (CONT’D)
                        What are you doing here?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Nothing to worry about, Mr. Miller. 
                        I’m here as a friend. Is there some 
                        place where we can talk?

           Miller can’t help but laugh. It’s all so absurd. He’s at the 
           very edge of civilization with a howling mob outside and now 
           a black lawyer in his office says he wants to “talk.”

                                 MILLER
                        Yeah...sure. Come on back.

           MILLER’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Miller gives Scipio a chair and then sits at his desk. Smiddy 
           hovers near the door. The mob outside continues to howl.

                                 MILLER (CONT’D)
                        As you can probably tell from the 
                        noise, I’m due in court in a few 
                        minutes, so we’ll have to make this 
                        brief. What can I do for you?

                                 SCIPIO
                        A young man I know may have gotten 
                        himself mixed up in the trouble 
                        down here. I’m trying to find out 
                        if he’s still alive. 
                                 MILLER
                             (Intrigued)
                        What’s his name?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Robert Hill.

           Miller’s whole face lights up, shouting-- 

                                 MILLER
                        Robert Hill?! That’s the damn fool 
                        who started this mess. Yeah, he’s 
                        still alive. He’s over in the jail. 
                        Gonna stand trial for murder in 
                        about twenty minutes.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Murder’s a serious charge. You have 
                        the evidence to prove it?

                                 MILLER
                        Sure do. Physical evidence, eye-
                        witness testimony, and multiple 
                        confessions by the guilty parties.
                        They were plotting a war, Judge. 
                        Plain and simple. And in all their 
                        passion and haste, they wound up 
                        killing a decorated war hero.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’ve got a few more war heroes 
                        over in that jail, you know?

                                 MILLER
                        Please. They’re a disgrace to both 
                        their uniform and race. They snuck 
                        up and ambushed that poor boy, shot 
                        him down in cold blood. And for 
                        what? Because he was changing a 
                        flat tire outside the church where 
                        they were plotting their uprising.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Sure, that’s one explanation. 
                        Another is that the church was 
                        attacked and your “decorated war 
                        hero” got himself killed in the 
                        crossfire when the sharecroppers 
                        were forced to fire back in self-
                        defense in order to protect their 
                        wives and children.

           And as he says this, Scipio glances over at Smiddy. The young 
           deputy’s eyes let us know: that’s exactly what happened.
                                 MILLER
                        Well, if that isn’t just the most 
                        outrageous thing I’ve ever heard. 
                        You’re making some pretty serious 
                        charges yourself, Judge. Do you 
                        have the evidence to prove them?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m a defense attorney, remember? I 
                        wasn’t under the impression that I 
                        have to prove anything.

           Miller allows a faint smile and seems to acknowledge Scipio’s 
           point, then he leans forward, trying a gentler approach--

                                 MILLER
                        Judge...I’ll be the first to admit 
                        boys down here can get a little hot-
                        blooded, but this is good Christian 
                        country. Why on earth would anyone 
                        want to go and attack a church?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Because a union meeting was being 
                        held there. You know it. So do I. 
                        And so did the white planters whose 
                        interests it threatened.

           And Miller’s eyes suddenly slant to stab wounds. He stares at 
           Scipio long and hard -- sensing this could be a problem. 

                                 MILLER
                        Judge, where are you going with 
                        this? Are you actually planning on 
                        making this argument in court? 
                        Because, if so, I’ll have no choice 
                        but to motion for a delay so I can 
                        prepare a proper response...
                             (Nods out the window)
                        ...and I can’t guarantee how much 
                        longer those soldiers will be here 
                        to keep that mob at bay.

           Scipio stares at Miller and the implication is clear: one way 
           or another, those sharecroppers are getting death sentences. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t think a prolonged trial is 
                        in anyone’s best interest. I have 
                        two requests, though. 
                             (Miller nods, “Go ahead.”)
                        First, when the trial’s over, I’d 
                        like the men transferred to Little 
                        Rock State Penitentiary. 
                                 MILLER
                             (Nods, then)
                        And the second?

                                 SCIPIO
                        That I be allowed to visit the men 
                        briefly before trial. 

           Miller stares at Scipio. This one, he clearly doesn’t like. 
           But he glances at his watch and carefully thinks it over.

                                 MILLER
                        And in return, I have your word 
                        when I walk into the courtroom, I 
                        won’t see you at the defense table?

                                 SCIPIO
                        You do.

                                 MILLER
                             (To Smiddy)
                        Take him to the jail. Five minutes.
                        I suggest going around back.

           Smiddy nods and motions to Scipio: “This way.” Miller watches 
           them both leave as the mob outside grows even louder...

           EXT. COURTHOUSE (BACK ALLEY) -- MOMENTS LATER

           Smiddy escorts Scipio over to the jail. On other side of the 
           building, we can hear the mob rising to a fever pitch...

           INT. JAIL -- MOMENTS LATER

           Smiddy comes in with Scipio and motions: “Over there.” Scipio 
           takes a few steps and gasps, horrified by what he sees-- 

           EIGHTY-SEVEN MEN crammed into a tiny cell with barely enough 
           room to stand, ages ranging from eighteen to eighty. They’re 
           bloody and badly beaten. Some are barely alive. And most are 
           wearing the same clothes they were arrested in last week. 

           Scipio steps up to the bars and takes in the awful sight. The 
           level of brutality that’s been inflicted on these men is damn 
           near indescribable. They’ve been through absolute hell.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Robert? Robert?
                             (then, to the men)
                        I’m looking for Robert Hill.

           The men all stare at Scipio, blankly. We wonder if they’re 
           even able to speak. And then, suddenly, there’s a rustling 
           near the back. And someone begins pushing forward...
                                 ROBERT (O.S.)
                        Oh, Mr. Jones. Thank God.

           Robert Hill comes into view, hunched over and barely able to 
           stand. His face is a pulpy mess and barely recognizable. But 
           his eyes are full of hope now that Scipio is here.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Horrified)
                        Robert...what did they do to you?

                                 ROBERT
                        Beat me and whipped me, stuck some 
                        kind of strangling drug up my nose. 
                        And then, oh God, Mr. Jones...they 
                        put me in the electric chair.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Did they turn it on?

           Robert nods and then, in tremendous pain, pulls back on his 
           shirt; revealing gruesome burns all over his body...

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        They do this to all of you?

           Everyone crammed in the cell quietly nods. Scipio glances at 
           all their faces. And then he sees one he recognizes--

           FRANK MOORE (25) looks like a walking corpse, but we see just 
           enough of his face to recognize him as Mary’s husband.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Frank?

           Frank suddenly flinches at the sound of his name. He turns 
           and stares at Scipio. And then, he quietly nods.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Your wife and son are safe. They’ll 
                        be at the trial later.
                             (then, looking around)
                        Who are the twelve holdouts who are 
                        refusing to plead guilty?

           One by one, twelve men slowly raise their hands. Among them 
           is Frank Moore. The last, of course, is Robert Hill.

                                 ROBERT
                        What are they charging us with?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Murder. You know a white man was 
                        killed. Someone has to pay.
                                 ROBERT
                        Mr. Jones, it was self-defense. It 
                        all happened so fast, bullets came 
                        in through the windows... 
                             (then, distraught)
                        They killed...so many...of us--

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’ll never prove it.

                                 ROBERT
                        What? Why?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Because the victims are dead and 
                        the witnesses are all black.
                             (then, “Told you so.”)
                        Remember what I said about the 
                        justice system being in chains?

                                 ROBERT
                        Then what’s the defense going to 
                        be, huh? What’s the defense?

           Scipio stares at Robert quietly, reluctant to say--

                                 SCIPIO
                        There isn’t going to be one.

                                 ROBERT
                        What?

                                 SCIPIO
                        There isn’t going to be a defense. 

           Robert starts to come undone, frantic and afraid.

                                 ROBERT
                        What are you talking about? We’re 
                        innocent. You understand? Every 
                        last one of us! Half the men in 
                        here are veterans. We fought for 
                        our country, we did our job! You’re 
                        a lawyer, goddamnit, you do yours!

           Scipio pulls Robert up to the bars, suddenly angry--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Where do you think you are? Huh? If 
                        word got out that an attorney from 
                        Little Rock was here, you’d be 
                        lynched. And so would I. So get 
                        this nonsense out of your head. I’m 
                        not here to defend you, Robert. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        I’m here to get you out of this 
                        godforsaken town alive. 
                             (Lets that sink in, then)
                        Now listen carefully. The trial 
                        will be quick, I doubt it’ll even 
                        last a day. You’ll all be found 
                        guilty and likely sentenced to 
                        hang, then remitted to Little Rock 
                        State Penitentiary to await your 
                        execution, which will probably be 
                        scheduled for later this month.

           Robert begins to tremble, completely overwhelmed. The other 
           men remain calm, sensing Scipio has more up his sleeve.

                                 ROBERT
                        And then what?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Dramatic Beat)
                        And then we get to work.

           And with that, Scipio lets go of Robert and charges out the 
           door. We HOLD on all the men -- absolutely stunned.

           INT. COURTHOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER

           TOWNSPEOPLE pour into the courthouse, past SOLDIERS standing 
           guard; shouting with hatred: “Hang ‘em! Hang ‘em!” 

           We HOLD on the mob and then PAN OVER to an empty hall. The 
           BACK DOOR sits motionless. And then...it quietly opens.

           Scipio slips inside and tiptoes down the hall, dashing up the 
           BALCONY STAIRS, past a sign that reads: COLORED SECTION. 

           But as Scipio disappears, we PAN BACK over to the mob. People 
           continue filing into court. We notice one in particular-- 

           A YOUNG MAN (20s), sharply dressed, with focused and intense 
           eyes. He’s taken notice of Scipio, sensing he’s an outsider.

           INT. COURTROOM BALCONY (COLORED SECTION) -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio finds the balcony full of women we met before. They’ve 
           done their best to clean up and now hold their children close 
           as a mob below howls for the death of their husbands...

           Scipio scans the crowd and spots Mary with her son. He makes 
           his way down the aisle and sits right beside her-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I saw your husband. He’s alive.
           Mary flinches and manages a faint nod, then she motions down 
           at the courtroom. We see she’s trembling with rage.  

                                 MARY
                        That’s the man who whipped me.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Where?

           Scipio turns and follows Mary’s gaze. And his eyes suddenly 
           darken as he realizes who she’s staring at--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        In the jury box?
                             (Mary nods, then)
                        Alright. Listen, when they bring 
                        Frank out, stay strong. Alright? 
                        You may be in for a shock.

           Mary suddenly looks at Scipio and we see fear in her eyes. 
           And then all at once, the balcony gasps in horror--

           Down below, the prisoners are being led into court, shackled 
           in chains. Angry whites scream and curse, a few even spit.

           Robert Hill, Frank Moore, and the ten others on trial are all 
           seated at the defense table, next to a bored-looking ATTORNEY 
           who couldn’t care less about them. 

           The rest fill into the rows behind, where they’re forced to 
           endure an avalanche of abuse. Until finally, we hear--

                                 BAILIFF (O.S.)
                        All rise!

           Most people are already standing, but everyone else rises to 
           their feet. JUDGE SIDNEY JACKSON (40) comes in and takes his 
           seat at the bench, pounding his gavel until it gets quiet--

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        Be seated, everyone.
                             (Everyone sits, then)
                        Regarding the case before us, it is 
                        my understanding seventy-five men 
                        have chosen to plead guilty. Those 
                        defendants will now rise. 

           Seventy-five men struggle to get to their feet, all of them 
           in tremendous pain. Several have to be helped by guards. 

                                 JUDGE JACKSON (CONT’D)
                        The court accepts these pleas and 
                        sentences you all to twenty years 
                        confinement starting immediately. 
           Jackson pounds his gavel and chaos erupts once again. Wails 
           from the balcony. The whites all scream, “No! Hang ‘em!”

           Scipio watches it all calmly, his eyes scan the crowd. And 
           suddenly, he notices one person who’s not screaming--

           The young man who spotted him earlier. He’s staring up into 
           the balcony, looking right at Scipio. And nobody else.

           Scipio holds the man’s gaze, then glances back at the bench. 
           Jackson keeps pounding his gavel. Finally, it gets quiet.

                                 JUDGE JACKSON (CONT’D)
                        We will now proceed with the trial 
                        of the twelve remaining men. Mr. 
                        Miller, whenever you’re ready.

                                 MILLER
                        Thank you, your Honor.

           Miller stands up to address the court. And we CUT TO:

           TRIAL IN PROGRESS -- MINUTES LATER

           JOHN JEFFERSON (30s, black) sits in the witness stand, his 
           face swollen and disfigured. He’s been badly beaten.

           Miller approaches with Robert’s infamous flyer: “BATTLE FOR 
           YOUR RIGHTS!” Up in the balcony, Scipio closes his eyes. 

                                 MILLER (CONT’D)
                        What’s the meaning of this?

                                 JEFFERSON
                        Just means we need to fight for 
                        what’s fair, that’s all.

                                 MILLER
                        Fight? But that’s not what it says. 
                        It says battle. See? Right there. 
                        Battle for your rights. That would 
                        imply warfare, would it not?

                                 JEFFERSON
                             (Hesitates)
                        I guess so.

                                 MILLER
                        And that’s what your leaders told 
                        you to do, isn’t it? Start a war. 

                                 JEFFERSON
                        No sir, they just said we need to 
                        be ready to defend ourselves. ‘
                                 (MORE)
                                 JEFFERSON (CONT'D)
                        Said some of us might have to die 
                        before it was all over.

                                 MILLER
                        And that’s why you all brought guns 
                        that night. Because you thought the  
                        people there had to die. What kind 
                        of guns did you bring?

           Jefferson sees a GUARD near the back make a “slashing” motion 
           across his throat. And we realize: this testimony is coerced.

                                 JEFFERSON
                        Shotguns. 

                                 MILLER
                        Shotguns. Every man have one?

                                 JEFFERSON
                        No, sir. Just the guards.

           Miller nods and points to the twelve men on trial--

                                 MILLER
                        Were these men all guards?

           Jefferson stares at his friends, realizing he’s about to doom 
           them all. A tear rolls down his cheek. Finally, he nods. 

                                 MILLER (CONT’D)
                        And what were y’all told to do with 
                        these shotguns?

                                 JEFFERSON
                        Just told to bring ‘em. Said folks 
                        were looking to break up the union. 
                        That we should shoot anyone who 
                        didn’t know the password.

                                 MILLER
                        And what was the password?

                                 JEFFERSON
                             (Hesitates)
                        ‘We’ve just begun.’

           The audience gasps as Miller steps in for the kill--

                                 MILLER
                        Jimmy Tappan didn’t know the 
                        password, did he?

                                 JEFFERSON
                        No, sir.
                                 MILLER
                        And so they shot him?

                                 JEFFERSON
                        Yes, sir.

           Miller nods with delight and then grabs a stack of PAPERS off 
           his table. He approaches the bench, addressing Jackson-- 

                                 MILLER
                        Your Honor, we have seventy-five 
                        signed confessions from the men who 
                        pled guilty that support this 
                        testimony. But rather than subject 
                        Mrs. Tappan to a prolonged trial, 
                        the people ask they be entered into 
                        evidence and made available to the 
                        jury during their deliberations. 

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                             (To Defense Attorney)
                        Any objections?

                                 DEFENSE ATTORNEY
                        No, your honor.

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        Cross-examination?

                                 DEFENSE ATTORNEY
                        None, your Honor.

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        The witness is excused.

           Up in the balcony, Scipio’s eyes suddenly narrow. He watches 
           as Jefferson is led away in chains. And we CUT TO:

           TRIAL IN PROGRESS -- MINUTES LATER

           DR. STANLEY ELLIS (50s, white) sits in the witness stand. We 
           PAN ACROSS the jury as they listen to his testimony--

                                 ELLIS
                        I treated Jimmy Tappan for gunshot 
                        wound to the head. The shot severed 
                        his neck, blew away the right side 
                        of his face, and knocked out most 
                        of his teeth. The result was fatal. 
                        He died almost immediately.

                                 MILLER
                        Were these injuries consistent with 
                        a shotgun blast, doctor?
                                 ELLIS
                        Oh, yes. I’d say several shotgun 
                        blasts. Only weapon I can think of 
                        that can do that much damage.

                                 MILLER
                        Shotguns like the ones seized from 
                        the defendants?

                                 ELLIS
                             (Nods, then)
                        The very same.

           Miller glances at Jackson: “Nothing further.” And once again, 
           no objection or cross from the defense. And we CUT TO:

           TRIAL IN PROGRESS -- MINUTES LATER

           SID STOAKS (64, white) sits in the witness stand. His pressed 
           suit and starched shirt suggest he’s a man of importance.

                                 MILLER
                        Mr. Stoaks, how long have you been 
                        the mayor of Elaine?

                                 STOAKS
                        Oh, gosh. Going on nine, ten years, 
                        now. Lived here my whole life, too.

                                 MILLER
                        And in all that time, have you ever 
                        seen trouble like this?

                                 STOAKS
                        Never. Elaine has always been a 
                        peaceful town, a family town, with 
                        folks living together side by side 
                        with mutual respect. ‘Course, that 
                        all changed after the war.

                                 MILLER
                        How so?

                                 STOAKS
                        Tough to say. Nig-rahs, you know, 
                        they came back different. Uppity. 
                        Strident. Forgetting their place in 
                        the world. And making all kinds of 
                        absurd demands. Most of the ones I 
                        know are decent enough. But the war 
                        gave ‘em a taste for violence, I 
                        think. And their simple minds and 
                        savage nature made ‘em easy prey 
                        for a conman like Robert Hill.
                                 MILLER
                        You led the investigation following 
                        the riot, did you not?
                             (Stoaks nods, “Yes, sir.”)
                        And did you question the twelve men 
                        who are on trial here today?
                             (Stokes nods, again)
                        And what did you learn?

                                 STOAKS
                        They confessed. Every last one. 
                        Said the union was just a front, 
                        the real purpose was to massacre 
                        all the whites. Even had a ‘kill 
                        list’ of planters they wanted to 
                        target. Imagine how heartbroken I 
                        was to see my own name on it.

           Miller stares at Stoaks as the audience explodes with rage, 
           then he to turns to Jackson; shouting over the noise--

                                 MILLER
                        The state rests, Your Honor.

           The defense attorney doesn’t even wait to be asked--

                                 DEFENSE ATTORNEY
                        Defense rests too, your Honor.

           Up in the balcony, Scipio shakes his head in disbelief. This 
           isn’t a trial, it’s a crucifixion. He checks the time on his 
           watch as Judge Jackson begins to instruct the jury... 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Eighty-four minutes. That has to be 
                        some kind of record.
                             (then, to Mary)
                        Does the courthouse have a phone?

                                 MARY
                        In the lobby, but the lines have 
                        been down all week.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I have a feeling they’ll be up in 
                        time to announce the verdicts.

           Scipio gets up and heads for the stairs. The women all glance 
           at each other -- wondering what the hell he’s doing.

           INT. COURTHOUSE LOBBY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio approaches a PHONE BOOTH with a sign: WHITES ONLY. He 
           picks up the receiver. Sure enough, the lines are working--
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Operator? Yes, get me Little Rock 
                        072955, please.

           Scipio glances over his shoulder to make sure nobody’s there. 
           Suddenly, he hears a click, followed by Louis’s voice--

                                 LOUIS (ON PHONE)
                        Hello?

           REVEAL: Louis is in Scipio’s office, organizing some files. A 
           bottle of WHISKEY is on the desk. INTERCUT AS NEEDED:

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Hey, it’s me. I’m afraid I don’t 
                        have much time. Did you get that 
                        whiskey for the warden?

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Sure did.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Good. We should be arriving on the 
                        morning train tomorrow. Meet us at 
                        the station, alright?

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        You got it.

           Scipio hangs up and clicks back over to the operator-- 

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Operator? Little Rock 090254.

           Scipio leans against the booth as he waits for the call to 
           connect. Suddenly, he senses MOTION behind him--

           The young man has come out of the courtroom. He walks across 
           the lobby and lights a cigarette, staring right at Scipio.

           Scipio holds his gaze, refusing to be intimidated. And then 
           he hears another click, followed by Lillie’s voice--

                                 LILLIE (ON PHONE)
                        Hello?

           REVEAL: Lillie is at home. She looks tired and worried, like 
           she didn’t sleep all night. INTERCUT AS NEEDED:

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Hey, it’s me. 

                                 LILLIE (INTO PHONE)
                        Hi. How’s everything going?
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Good. We’re just wrapping up some 
                        paperwork. Should be heading over 
                        to the train station in a few--

                                 LILLIE (INTO PHONE)
                        Scipio, stop. I know where you are.

           Scipio is caught off guard. Finally, he says--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        I’m sorry I lied to you. I just 
                        ...didn’t want you to worry.

                                 LILLIE (INTO PHONE)
                        Why are you doing this?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                             (a moment, then)
                        I’m not sure.

           Scipio glances at the young man to make sure he’s keeping a 
           safe distance, then thinks a moment...and quietly says--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        There’s a woman in the courtroom 
                        with her son whose husband is on 
                        trial for murder. Young girl, not 
                        much older than Hazel. About the 
                        same age my mother would’ve been 
                        around the time she died. 

           And on the other end of the line, Lillie’s demeanor suddenly 
           shifts. No longer angry. She now seems to understand.

                                 LILLIE (INTO PHONE)
                        Is that the reason? Your mother? 
                        You’re doing this for her?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        I don’t know. Possibly. For her, 
                        for Emmanuel. Maybe even for me. 

           Lillie takes a deep breath. Finally, she nods--

                                 LILLIE (INTO PHONE)
                        Well, you get back safe. You hear? 
                        Otherwise, I’m going to be furious.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Okay. I love you.

           Scipio hangs up and steps out of the booth. He tips his hat 
           to the young man...and strides back into the courtroom.
           INT. COURTROOM BALCONY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio takes his seat beside Mary as the jury returns. Their 
           deliberations, it appears, have already come to an end.

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        Has the jury reached a verdict?

                                 JURY FOREMAN
                        We have, your honor.

           Jackson turns to the defendants, more like an executioner-- 

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        The defendants will now rise.

           Robert Hill and the twelve men labor to stand, pale-faced and 
           afraid. They know what’s coming. Every last one of them.

                                 JUDGE JACKSON (CONT’D)
                        In the matter before this court, 
                        how does the jury find?

                                 FOREMAN
                        Guilty as charged.

           The courtroom begins to churn with excitement. Jackson stares 
           at the defendants and almost seems to smile--

                                 JUDGE JACKSON
                        You have been found guilty by a 
                        jury of your choosing. The court 
                        accepts the recommendation of the 
                        district attorney that you be 
                        delivered to the state penitentiary 
                        in Little Rock, where you will be 
                        put to death by hanging on the 
                        twenty-seventh of October, 1919. 
                        May God have mercy on your souls.

           Jackson pounds his gavel, but it’s lost in an all the noise. 
           Cheers from the whites. Sobs from the blacks. The soldiers 
           step forward, trying to maintain order.

           Up in the balcony, Scipio turns to Mary. He reaches into his 
           pocket...and gives her all the MONEY in his wallet--  

                                 SCIPIO
                        Here, this is for you and the rest 
                        of the families. Get to Little Rock 
                        any way you can.

                                 MARY
                        Then what are we supposed to do?
                                 SCIPIO
                        Come find me.

           Mary clutches the money, overwhelmed. Scipio glances at her 
           son, then stands up...and stares down at the prisoners-- 

           It’s a stunning moment. Just think about it. Not long ago, he 
           was talking about not taking any more murder clients. 

           Now he’s got eighty-seven of them. Eighty-seven men he will 
           spend the rest of the movie trying to set free. 

           And, by so doing, change American history forever.

           Scipio makes eye contact with Robert Hill as he’s led away in 
           chains. He raises his arm with the same look he gave Emmanuel 
           West. “It’s okay. Just stay strong.” And then-- 

           Scipio charges out of the courtroom as MUSIC overtakes the 
           scene, rising to a crescendo as we suddenly CUT TO: 

           ELAINE, ARKANSAS (LATE AFTERNOON) -- SERIES OF SHOTS:

           The prisoners are led outside in a giant CHAIN GANG. A MOB is 
           waiting to harass them all the way to the train station...

           They throw ROCKS and shout invectives that, frankly, I’m 
           embarrassed to write. Remember the scene in Schindler’s List 
           where the young girl screams, “Goodbye, Jews!” Well, this is 
           just like that. There’s a reason this place is known as the 
           American Congo. And we’re seeing it in full force. 

           Up on the courthouse roof, SOLDIERS train the MACHINE GUN on 
           the crowd. Whether they’re aimed at the mob or the condemned 
           men, we can’t be sure. But they watch with cold indifference 
           as the prisoners are driven relentlessly out of town...

           In the back alleys, we find Scipio following along; darting 
           in and out of the shadows, careful to stay out of view.    

           EXT. TRAIN STATION -- SUNSET

           The evening train has just arrived. The prisoners are loaded 
           into cars as the mob howls at them from the street...

           Scipio comes down the platform and boards the segregated car, 
           sighing with relief as he ducks safely inside...

           But through the window, Scipio glances back at the mob. And 
           once again, he sees the young man staring in his direction 
           while everyone else is screaming at the prisoners.

           Scipio holds the man’s gaze and, even at a distance, we feel 
           unnerved. Scipio’s been spotted, his cover’s been blown.
           But there’s no time to worry as the whistle suddenly shrieks. 
           The train lurches forward and begins to pick up speed...

           We HOLD on the young man, rigid in the crowd; watching as the 
           train leaves the station and disappears around the bend. 

           WIDE SHOT: As the train chugs west toward the setting sun, we 
           end on the sign Scipio saw when he first arrived in town-- 

           NIGGER, READ AND RUN 
           DON’T LET THE SUN GO DOWN ON YOU HERE

           The train disappears into growing darkness. And we CUT TO:

           EXT. TRAIN STATION (LITTLE ROCK) -- DAWN

           Louis stands quietly on the platform with the box of whiskey 
           under his arm, watching the sky lighten with impending dawn.

           A SHERIFF and about a dozen GUARDS are at the other end. They 
           wait in silence, shooting Louis occasional glances. 

           And then a TRAIN WHISTLE is heard, quickly drawing near. It 
           suddenly appears and comes roaring into the station...

           Louis steps back as the train comes to a stop, then watches 
           in disbelief as the prisoners are brought out in chains.

                                 SCIPIO (O.S.)
                        Got that whiskey?

           Louis turns and sees Scipio behind him. He hands his boss the 
           whiskey. Down the platform, a GUARD suddenly cracks a WHIP.

           The prisoners wince at the lash and begin to shuffle down the 
           line. Scipio turns to Louis and motions, “Alright, let’s go.” 

           LITTLE ROCK -- MORNING (SERIES OF SHOTS):

           The chain gang marches along the edge of town. Even though 
           it’s only 7:30am, onlookers have gathered to watch them-- 

           We see MEN, WOMEN, and CHILDREN of all ages, white and black 
           alike; on their way to work and school, peering out of every 
           window and watching from ROOFTOPS of taller buildings...

           We end with John Martineau, staring out his office window. He 
           sees Scipio in the crowd and takes a deep breath. And like we 
           did at McRae’s party, we sense he wants to help.

           EXT. PENITENTIARY -- LATE MORNING

           Scipio follows the prisoners through the gate. Some REPORTERS 
           snap PICTURES while the GUARDS all marvel in disbelief...
           INT. WARDEN’S OFFICE -- LATER

           Dempsey watches from his office window as the men file into 
           the prison. He shakes his head, then quietly says--

                                 DEMPSEY
                        My God. What on earth have you 
                        gotten yourself into?

           Dempsey turns to face Scipio, now standing at the door; the 
           bottle of whiskey tucked conspicuously under his arm.

                                 SCIPIO
                        These men have families who’ll be 
                        arriving soon. I’d appreciate it if 
                        you’d be generous with visitation 
                        time, maybe let them exercise with 
                        their children out in the yard.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Anything else?

           Scipio steps closer and sets the whiskey on the desk--

                                 SCIPIO
                        A shower and some fresh clothes.

           Dempsey stares at Scipio -- these are all big asks. But he 
           glances down at the whiskey bottle. And we CUT TO:

           INT. PRISON SHOWERS -- LATER

           Robert Hill, Frank Moore, and the rest of the prisoners limp 
           into the showers. We see their naked bodies from head to toe. 

           Their injuries take our breath away. Broken bones. Snapped 
           fingers. Gruesome third degree burns. And every single man 
           has a tree on his back, scarred from brutal whippings.

           A nearby GUARD nods for the WATER to be turned on. It hits 
           the men with surprising force. Several of them fall down. 

           The rest brace against each other, fighting to stay up. Blood 
           runs down their broken bodies and pools around the drain.

           INT. PRISON -- LATER

           The men limp into their cells, dressed in fresh clothes. The 
           guards watch, stunned. The prison is suddenly full.

           INT. PRISON CELL -- MOMENTS LATER

           Robert and Frank are placed in the same cell. They watch the 
           bars slam shut, then turn and limp over to the window-- 
           And what they see is a very familiar view. The gallows in the 
           yard, the city of Little Rock far beyond. And then-- 

           Robert shifts his gaze and something catches his eye. He runs 
           his fingers along the wall...and over Emmanuel West’s name.

           EXT. JONES HOUSE -- DUSK

           Black children play in the street as twilight chases day. A 
           familiar Model-T appears, pulling right up to the curb--

           INSIDE THE CAR -- THAT MOMENT

           Louis shuts off the engine and glances at his boss. Scipio 
           sits quietly for a moment, exhausted and overwhelmed.

                                 LOUIS
                        Boss?

           Scipio doesn’t answer or even seem to hear. He watches the 
           children play down the street. Finally, he says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Call the courthouse in Phillips 
                        County and see if you can get the 
                        trial records sent over. And let 
                        McCullough’s office know we’ll be 
                        filing an appeal next week.

                                 LOUIS
                             (Confused)
                        Next week? We’ve got over eighty 
                        clients to depose. Don’t you want 
                        to motion for a stay?

                                 SCIPIO
                        No. I want the hearing as soon as 
                        possible. Before the election, if 
                        we can. And tell Carl I need to see 
                        the governor. Right away.

           Louis hesitates and then quietly nods, not sure what his boss 
           is planning. Scipio opens the door and wearily climbs out--

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio comes in and finds Lillie waiting in the LIVING ROOM. 
           Like him, she looks like she hasn’t slept in days. 

                                 LILLIE
                        How was your trip?

           Scipio sets down his bag and steps lightly into the room. 
           Lillie rises to meet him. He hesitates, then says--
                                 SCIPIO
                        Remember how we talked about me not 
                        taking any more murder clients?

                                 LILLIE
                             (Nods, then)
                        How many this time?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Eighty-seven.

           Lillie’s eyes go wide -- did she hear right?

                                 LILLIE
                        I’m sorry, eighty-seven? Scipio... 
                        tell me you know what you’re doing.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        I sure as hell hope so.

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- DAY

           Scipio sits at his desk, punching TYPEWRITER KEYS. The office 
           is cluttered with LEGAL BRIEFS and stacks of open BOOKS. 

           Louis comes in with a thick pile of PAPERS in his hands, on 
           top of which we should notice: a folded-up NEWSPAPER. 

                                 LOUIS
                        Got the court transcripts here, as 
                        well as copies of the verdicts.   

           Scipio nods, “Put them over there.” He keeps on typing. From 
           his urgent pace, we sense there isn’t a moment to lose.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I need you to pull all the case law 
                        the state can use. From blacks on 
                        juries to tortured confessions to 
                        the limitations on states’ rights. 
                        Going back seventy years. You 
                        understand? All of it.

                                 LOUIS
                        I would’ve thought you’d have those 
                        cases memorized by now.
                             (Scipio keeps working)
                        Boss, that’s gonna take some time.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know. It’s important.

           Louis quietly nods and sets the newspaper on the desk--
                                 LOUIS
                        Also, thought you should see this.

           Scipio sighs and keeps working, not wanting to be disturbed. 
           Finally, he glances over. And his typing suddenly stops.

           Scipio picks up the newspaper. The front page shows him and 
           the Elaine men at prison, under the headline: NEGRO LAWYER 
           SCIPIO JONES BRINGS ELAINE RIOTERS TO LITTLE ROCK!

                                 SCIPIO
                        What’s the word on getting in to 
                        see the governor?

                                 LOUIS
                        He’s out campaigning. Carl says he 
                        should be back next week.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I need to see him sooner. 

                                 LOUIS
                        I don’t see how that’s going to 
                        happen, unless you take a train out 
                        to rural Arkansas and find him.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Fine. Get his schedule and buy me a 
                        ticket. Maybe in a day or two after 
                        we get everyone’s depositions.

                                 LOUIS
                             (Baffled)
                        Boss...you want to tell me what’s 
                        going on? This seems crazy. You’re 
                        doing months of work in a few short 
                        weeks. Why not motion for a stay? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I already told you. No stays. Just 
                        do what I say, Louis. I don’t have 
                        time to argue with you.

           Louis stares at his boss, at a loss for words. Scipio turns 
           back to his typewriter, just about to resume work when they 
           suddenly hear a soft VOICE out in the lobby--

                                 MARY (O.S.)
                        Hello...?

           OUT IN THE LOBBY/RECEPTION AREA

           Mary and her son stand timidly by the door. Scipio comes out 
           of his office with Louis, smiling as he approaches-- 
                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m glad you made it. You both look 
                        tired. Have you eaten? 

           Mary hesitates, then quietly nods. We sense there’s something 
           on her mind. She glances down at her son, then says--

                                 MARY
                        There are more of us outside.

           EXT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Louis come outside with Mary and her son. There 
           are hundreds of FAMILY MEMBERS filling the entire street. 

           Scipio scans the crowd, noting the fear in their eyes. And 
           then he finally nods: “Alright, everyone. Follow me.”

           EXT. DUNBAR NEIGHBORHOOD -- EVENING

           The Elaine families are being welcomed into homes throughout 
           the black community. It’s a stunning sight. Humbling, even.

           We find Scipio at one house, introducing Mary and her son to 
           Carl, the valet we met at McRae’s party. He motions for them 
           to go inside, where his WIFE is waiting to greet them. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thank you for doing this.

                                 CARL
                        Of course, Mr. Jones. What was it 
                        you said to me? ‘Happy to help.

           Scipio smiles and then glances down the street, watching as 
           the last few families get welcomed into homes. BEAT.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t know if you’ve spoken to 
                        Louis, but I need to see Governor 
                        McRae. As soon as possible. Can you 
                        get me a copy of his campaign 
                        schedule? It’s important.

                                 CARL
                        Sure. I’ll have it brought to your 
                        office tomorrow. But Mr. Jones, you 
                        should know...things are different 
                        now. He’s been striking a much 
                        harsher tone ever since the trouble 
                        down in Elaine.

                                 SCIPIO
                        How so?
           Carl takes a deep breath, we see fear in his eyes--

                                 CARL
                        ‘Talking about tougher sentencing, 
                        race laws, referring to himself as 
                        the ‘law and order’ candidate. And 
                        his opponent, Terral, is doing one 
                        better. He’s threatening to march 
                        the Klan right into Little Rock. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Stunned)
                        You’re kidding.

           Carl shakes his head with a look that says: “I wish.”

                                 CARL
                        I don’t know what’s gonna happen 
                        with this election, Mr. Jones. I 
                        really don’t. And to be honest, I’m 
                        more than a little scared.

           Scipio stares at him and quietly nods. And then Carl suddenly 
           “sees” something. Scipio turns and follows his gaze--

           In the distance, a WHITE MAN is crossing the street. He looks 
           completely out of place. We recognize him right away.

           It’s the same young man who spotted Scipio in Elaine.

           INT. DINER -- NIGHT

           The young man sits all alone in the diner, eating some food. 
           He has a NEWSPAPER on the table with Scipio pictured on the 
           front page, along with the rest of the Elaine prisoners. 

           The young man stares at their faces as he continues to eat, 
           then he hears the door open...and looks up to see--

           Scipio himself charging through the restaurant. He passes a 
           ‘WHITES ONLY’ sign and sits down at the young man’s table--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Why are you following me?

           The young man stares at Scipio, completely unfazed. He chews 
           a bite of food and motions over to the COLORED SECTION--

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        Shouldn’t you be over there?

           Scipio stares at the young man for a tense moment, then sits 
           back and turns over his MUG. The OWNER (Earl, 50) comes over 
           and reluctantly fills it up with coffee--
                                 EARL
                        Judge, you know I’m happy to serve 
                        you, but if anyone else comes in, 
                        you’re gonna have to move over to 
                        your side of the restaurant.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Alright, Earl. Thanks.

           Earl nods and quietly leaves. The young man waits until he’s 
           out of earshot, then turns back to Scipio, intrigued--

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        Why do people call you ‘Judge’ when 
                        you’re really an attorney?

                                 SCIPIO
                        It’s a long story.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        I’d love to hear it.

                                 SCIPIO
                        First, tell me who you are. Why are 
                        you following me all across the 
                        state? How do you know anything 
                        about me at all?

           The young man smiles and goes back to eating his food. Scipio 
           leans forward, trying to figure out what his game is--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        You’re not a newspaper man. Even 
                        northern reporters don’t waste time 
                        following Negroes around. And I 
                        can’t imagine you mean me any harm, 
                        otherwise I never would’ve made it 
                        out of Elaine alive.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        What does that leave with you?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        Justice Department.

           The young man suddenly laughs, nearly choking on his food--

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        Justice Department? You honestly 
                        think the federal government gives 
                        a damn about what’s happening in 
                        Arkansas? Or anywhere in the South, 
                        for that matter?
           Scipio stares at the young man, genuinely baffled--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t understand. Who are you? 

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        Someone who can help, Mr. Jones. 

           The young man finishes eating and pushes his plate away. He 
           stares at Scipio long and hard, then quietly says--

                                 YOUNG MAN (CONT’D)
                        You know, I was rather impressed 
                        with how you managed to get around 
                        Elaine, but I can do it better. 
                             (then, a slight smile)
                        You see...I’m not sitting in the 
                        right section, either. But unlike 
                        you, I can get away with it.

           Scipio’s eyes suddenly narrow. He leans forward, peering at 
           the young man. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. But if you 
           look close enough, there’s pigmentation in his skin--

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’re a Negro?

                                 YOUNG MAN
                             (Nods, then)
                        A very light-skinned one, about a 
                        quarter on my father’s side. Just 
                        enough to get me killed if anyone 
                        around here ever found out. 
                             (a moment, then)
                        My name is Walter White. I work for 
                        an organization called the NAACP.

           Scipio stares at White in disbelief. There were a number of 
           scenarios he was imagining. But this was not one of them.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I thought I knew everyone at the 
                        NAACP. You must be new.

                                 WHITE
                             (Nods, again)
                        I was hired a few months ago after 
                        John Shillady was beaten in Texas 
                        and had to resign. I have a very 
                        specific skill set, as I’m sure you 
                        can imagine. The NAACP’s putting it 
                        to good use. They got me traveling 
                        across the country, investigating 
                        lynchings and race riots.
                                 SCIPIO
                        As a white man?

                                 WHITE
                        That’s right. Of course, “riot” is 
                        just a polite term for slaughter. 
                        I’ve been working overtime since 
                        the war ended. New York to Omaha, 
                        Charleston to Port Arthur. I’ve 
                        seen things most people wouldn’t 
                        even believe. Veterans lynched in 
                        uniform, men burned alive while 
                        their trials were being held. I was 
                        actually deputized to kill Negroes 
                        in Alabama. In Georgia, I watched 
                        Mary Turner, nine-months pregnant, 
                        get strung-up by the heels so her 
                        baby could be sliced out of her 
                        stomach and brained against a tree.  
                             (Lets that sink in, then)
                        It’s been the worst stretch of 
                        racial violence in our nation’s 
                        history, by far. Know what the 
                        press has taken to calling it? The 
                        Red Summer. Catchy, huh? I don’t 
                        think we’ll ever know just how many 
                        people have been killed, but it’s 
                        well into the thousands. I was up 
                        in Chicago when I got the call to 
                        come here. From what I can gather, 
                        Elaine is the worst, yet.

           White reaches into his bag and takes out a large FOLDER. He 
           sets it on the table, sliding it over to Scipio-- 

                                 WHITE (CONT’D)
                        My report to the NAACP. You’re 
                        welcome to use it, if you like. My 
                        investigation shows roughly three-
                        hundred Negroes were killed. 

           Scipio lets out a deep sigh, that’s a horrifying number. He 
           picks up the folder and begins flipping through the pages--

                                 SCIPIO
                        What are you basing that on?

                                 WHITE
                        The testimony of the men who did 
                        it. White people are something 
                        else. Buy ‘em a few drinks, you 
                        won’t believe how fast they start 
                        bragging. Especially when they 
                        think you’re one of their own. 
           Scipio glances up from the folder, staring at White. And all 
           at once, he seems to take note of the boy’s youth--

                                 SCIPIO
                        How old are you?

                                 WHITE
                        Twenty-six.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You’re playing a very dangerous 
                        game, Mr. White.

                                 WHITE
                        Only if you get caught. Besides, 
                        I’m not the only one.

           Scipio stares at White with a faint smile. Touche. And then 
           he closes the folder and slides it back across the table--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Unfortunately, in a court of law, 
                        this is all hearsay. I couldn’t use 
                        it even if I wanted to.
                             (then, pointedly)
                        You claim the NAACP can help the 
                        men currently serving time for 
                        murder? Tell me...how?

                                 WHITE
                        Well, for starters, we can get 
                        their families some money. I 
                        imagine you want them looking 
                        presentable in court, yes? We’re 
                        also pushing an anti-lynching bill 
                        through Congress that would almost 
                        certainly help your cause. And 
                        perhaps most importantly, we can 
                        help you with the press.

           White turns his NEWSPAPER around. It’s the CHICAGO TRIBUNE. 
           The headline reads: ARKANSAS NEGROES PLOTTED MASSACRE!

                                 WHITE (CONT’D)
                        Even northern newspapers are buying 
                        the official story. We can help 
                        correct the lies. Or at least make 
                        sure the truth gets out there. I 
                        can have sympathetic stories 
                        running in the Chicago papers in 
                        days. New York will follow close 
                        behind, then D.C. Who knows? Maybe 
                        we can put some pressure on the 
                        courts as you mount your appeal. 
           Scipio stares at White for a moment and quietly nods. This is 
           all very good. But he knows nothing comes for free.

                                 SCIPIO
                        And what would the NAACP like in 
                        return for this generosity?

                                 WHITE
                        We’d like to be the public face of 
                        the case. We’d like our involvement 
                        known to the world and we’d like to 
                        use that exposure to help increase 
                        membership and fundraising.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Sounds like you’re more interested 
                        in publicity than justice.

                                 WHITE
                        This is America, Mr. Jones. The two 
                        go hand-in-hand. You should know 
                        that better than anyone by now.

           Scipio stares at White with a faint, curious smile. And all 
           at once, we sense: his turf is being threatened.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Does the NAACP want to just take 
                        the case and try it for me?

                                 WHITE
                        Of course not. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        You just want the credit.

                                 WHITE
                             (Annoyed)
                        We want to win. More importantly, 
                        we want to make sure a victory here 
                        can lead to victories elsewhere. 
                        I’m sure I don’t have to tell you 
                        this has been the darkest period in 
                        the Negro’s history since the end 
                        of the Civil War. Next month marks 
                        the three-hundredth anniversary of 
                        slave ships arriving off the coast 
                        of Virginia, I’d say this nonsense 
                        has gone on long enough, wouldn’t 
                        you? America just got done fighting 
                        one war, now it’s time to have 
                        another. The war to end Jim Crow, 
                        lynchings, school segregation, all 
                        of it, begins right now. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHITE (CONT'D)
                        But only if we win. 
                             (a tense moment, then)
                        Do you want our help or not?

           Scipio stares at White, the wheels turning in his mind. He 
           takes a deep breath and then finally nods: “Yes, I do.”

                                 WHITE (CONT’D)
                        Good. We’ll get started right away. 
                        Look for national coverage in the 
                        next day or two.

           And with that, White lays some money on the table and stands 
           to leave. He takes a few steps, then stops and turns back--

                                 WHITE (CONT’D)
                        Tell me the story. Why do white 
                        folks all call you Judge Jones?

           Scipio stares at White and we see hesitation in his eyes. For 
           whatever reason, he’s reluctant to tell this story--

                                 SCIPIO
                        A number of years ago, a municipal 
                        judge had to recuse himself from a 
                        case involving two Negro boys. No 
                        one was available, so he nominated 
                        me in his stead. The trial only 
                        lasted an afternoon, but it made 
                        quite the spectacle. A Negro judge 
                        presiding over two white attorneys 
                        and an all-white jury. It was a 
                        great honor and, ever since, I’ve 
                        been known as Judge Jones.

                                 WHITE
                        Nice story. But you know why people 
                        really call you Judge, right?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Sure. It gives them the pretense of 
                        being respectful without having to 
                        call me Mr. Jones, a courtesy that 
                        would be unthinkable in polite 
                        southern society. 

           White smiles at Scipio and then nods: “That’s right.”

                                 WHITE
                        You’re a pragmatic man. Smart, too. 
                        We’ll make a good team.

           And with that, White opens the door and leaves. Scipio slumps 
           in his seat, thinking through a myriad of new complications.
           EXT. PRISON YARD -- MORNING

           The yard is filled with eighty-seven prisoners, their WIVES, 
           and CHILDREN. The guards marvel at the sight. It looks more 
           like a playground now than a maximum security prison.

           Over by the wall, Scipio is crouched with Frank Moore. Robert 
           and Louis are nearby. A large CROWD is gathered around them, 
           listening intently to everything being said--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Let’s get back to your service. You 
                        said you were in the 82nd Airborn?

                                 FRANK
                        Yes, sir. Parachuted into France, 
                        September, 1918. Joined the 369th 
                        Infantry. We was in Marne, Belleau 
                        Wood, and then finally the Argonne 
                        offensive. ‘Mighta read about that 
                        one. Made all the papers.

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Quite a year. Dangerous.

                                 FRANK
                        Hell, not as dangerous as stepping 
                        off the train in Phillips County. I 
                        felt safer in the trenches than I 
                        ever did here in Arkansas. Can you 
                        believe that? God’s honest truth. 

           Scipio nods as Mary comes into view, chasing her son across 
           the yard. Somehow finding a way to laugh and have fun.

                                 FRANK (CONT’D)
                        ‘Amazing how little ones can find 
                        joy even in a place like this.
                             (then, to Scipio)
                        Warden’s been awfully generous with 
                        visitation time. Thank him for us.

           Scipio nods and glances up at Dempsey’s window. The warden is 
           staring right at him, a glass of whiskey in his hand.

                                 FRANK (CONT’D)
                        Anyway, on the way home, I met 
                        Robert here, all hopped up, talking 
                        about a union. Asked if I wanted to 
                        join. And I figured, why not?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Really? After everything you’d been 
                        through? It’s a lot to risk.
                                 FRANK
                        Way I see it, Mr. Jones. You got to 
                        risk something in this life. You 
                        got to. Biggest risk of all would 
                        be to do nothing, let my son grow 
                        up in a world same as mine. That’s 
                        a risk I wasn’t willing to take.

           Scipio stares at Frank and quietly nods, then he glances over 
           at Robert, as if to say: “You recruited some brave people.”

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’ve seen reports suggesting up to 
                        three-hundred people were killed. 
                        Does that sound right to you?

                                 FRANK
                        Honestly, I couldn’t tell you. I 
                        was hiding out in the canebrakes 
                        for most of it. But the gunfire was 
                        nonstop and went on for three days. 
                        I wouldn’t be at all surprised if 
                        that number of yours is low.

           Scipio stares at Frank, horrified; then he lets out a deep 
           sigh and slowly turns to address everyone in the crowd--

                                 SCIPIO
                        How many people here know somebody 
                        personally who was killed?

           And slowly, one by one, every single hand goes up. It’s a 
           sobering sight -- over a hundred hands in the air.

           As they go back down, Mary comes over with her son. They sit 
           down beside Frank. He puts his arms around them--

                                 FRANK
                        I just thank God my family’s okay. 
                        I thought the killing would be the 
                        worst, then I got arrested. ‘Most 
                        awful week of my life. I wouldn’t 
                        wish it on my enemies. 
                             (Glances at Mary, then)
                        I can take a beating myself, but 
                        knowing my wife was being whipped 
                        in the next room while my boy was 
                        lost in the world. It’s enough to 
                        break your spirit as well as your 
                        body. I don’t blame John Jefferson 
                        for testifying against us. 
                             (Nods at the crowd)
                        Or any of the others for signing 
                        those confessions. 
           Scipio nods and glances across the yard, where John Jefferson 
           is sitting all by himself, looking haunted and guilt-ridden.

                                 SCIPIO
                        We’ll want to get depositions from 
                        John and everyone else recanting 
                        their testimony. 
                             (then, to the crowd)
                        It’s important that you explain in 
                        vivid detail the horror and abuse 
                        you endured. We’re also going to 
                        need pictures of your injuries. And 
                        a tailor will be stopping by the 
                        prison next week to get you fitted 
                        for some new clothes.

           Confused looks are suddenly exchanged in the crowd. One of 
           those things is not like the others. New clothes, really?

                                 FRANK
                        Mr. Jones, I’m afraid we don’t have 
                        money for any of that.

                                 SCIPIO
                        That’s alright. The NAACP is 
                        involved, now. They’ll be holding 
                        fundraisers to cover the cost.

                                 MARY
                             (Confused)
                        The NAACP? What’s that?

                                 SCIPIO
                        A group organized in New York 
                        committed to Negro rights. 

                                 FRANK
                        Like a union?

           Scipio looks back at Frank, now with a faint smile--

                                 SCIPIO
                        In a sense, yes.

                                 MARY
                        And then? After the clothes and 
                        pictures, what happens?

                                 SCIPIO
                        We start by appealing the twelve 
                        death sentences to the Arkansas 
                        Supreme Court, alleging that your 
                        constitutional rights were violated 
                        and the original trial wasn’t fair. 
           A nearby PRISONER speaks up, confused--

                                 PRISONER
                        Just the twelve? There are nearly a 
                        hundred men in here.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        I know. I’m working on it.

           The prisoner hesitates and then quietly nods. Scipio turns 
           back to Frank, who stares at him and shrugs--

                                 FRANK
                        So we appeal the verdicts. What are 
                        the chances we win?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Not great. The state will rebuff 
                        us. They’ll likely succeed. But 
                        they won’t have it so easy this 
                        time. This time, they’ll have to 
                        actually argue evidence and the 
                        law. This time, they’re going to be 
                        met with a vigorous defense.

                                 FRANK
                             (Smiles)
                        A vigorous defense?

           Frank shakes his head and glances at his wife and son. He 
           takes a deep breath and suddenly seems overwhelmed.

                                 FRANK (CONT’D)
                        Mr. Jones, I’ve been fighting 
                        battles ever since I was twelve 
                        years old. ‘Always on my own. I 
                        think I speak for everyone when I 
                        say thank you for this. We’ve had a 
                        slew of attackers in our lives, but 
                        I don’t think any man in here has 
                        ever had a defender before.

           Scipio glances at the crowd, then Robert, Frank, Mary, and 
           finally, their son. He takes a deep breath...and says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Well, now you have me.

           EXT. PRISON -- SUNSET

           Scipio tips his hat to a GUARD as he and Louis pass through 
           the gate. The sun is setting behind them. They’ve been there 
           all day. They walk to the car with a clear sense of urgency--
                                 SCIPIO
                        Get the depositions to the printer 
                        and tell ‘em we need them by early 
                        next week. Pay whatever they ask 
                        and just send me the bill.

           Louis nods and hands Scipio a sheet of paper--

                                 LOUIS
                        Got the governor’s schedule. He’s 
                        got a rally tonight in Clarksville. 
                        If we hurry to the station, you can 
                        make the evening train.

           Scipio nods, “Good work” and then glances back at the prison. 
           He sees Dempsey in a different window, still staring right at 
           him. And still nursing a glass of whiskey.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Louis...?

                                 LOUIS
                        Don’t even say it, I already know. 
                        More whiskey. I’m on it.

           Scipio smiles as the two men climb into the Model-T, peeling 
           away and driving off towards the sunset as we CUT TO:

           EXT. CAMPAIGN RALLY -- NIGHT

           McRae stands in front of a large AUDIENCE somewhere in rural 
           Arkansas. BANNERS flutter above the crowd (Vote McRae!), but 
           we don’t get the sense these folks are very enthusiastic.

                                 MCRAE
                        So remember to get to the polls! 
                        Drag your fathers and brothers and 
                        uncles, if you can. And don’t buy 
                        into the Republican nonsense. This 
                        is still the party of the Old 
                        South, the party of law and order. 
                        And it will continue to be so after 
                        the November election! Thank you!

           McRae waves as the crowd applauds. He lingers for a moment, 
           then strides off stage with an air of confidence--

           BACKSTAGE -- CONTINUOUS

           McRae’s smile vanishes the moment he’s out of view. ADVISERS 
           gather around him. They clearly don’t have good news. 

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        What?
           One of the advisers hands McRae a NEWSPAPER. The New York 
           Times. McRae opens it up and sees a stunning headline-- 

           NAACP ALLEGES TERROR IN ARKANSAS! NEGROES SLAUGHTERED FOR 
           ORGANIZING UNION, ENTIRE FAMILIES FEARED MURDERED!

           McRae stares at the paper with darkness in his eyes. And then 
           he looks up...and sees Scipio standing down the corridor--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m afraid those casualty estimates 
                        you were given were a little off.

           McRae takes a deep breath and starts to approach, his eyes 
           brimming with frustration and possibly a hint of rage.

                                 MCRAE
                        I don’t appreciate this, Judge. In 
                        case you haven’t noticed, I’m in a 
                        street brawl here. My opponent’s 
                        been handed a political gift with 
                        this nonsense. I’m sure you’ve 
                        heard about the little stunt he’s 
                        planning with the Klan? Candidates 
                        up and down the ballot are enjoying 
                        a wave of nationalist support. You 
                        have any idea what it could mean 
                        for us if those hooded bastards 
                        show up in Little Rock? 

           McRae rolls the newspaper up tightly and slams it against a 
           metal beam, seething with anger. He takes a deep breath.

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Couldn’t you have left this alone? 
                        For once in your goddamn life? Do 
                        you have to take every case? Or did 
                        you do it just to spite me?

           Scipio stares at McRae, his tone calm and reassuring--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Governor, I came to see you tonight 
                        because I think I can help.

                                 MCRAE
                        No, you came for the same reason 
                        you always do. And you’re wasting 
                        your time. You know how I feel 
                        about pardons. The answer is no.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m not asking for a pardon. I’m 
                        not even motioning for a stay. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        What I would like is for you to get 
                        Chief Justice McCullough to hear 
                        our appeal next week. 

           McRae stares at Scipio, suddenly confused. He glances over at 
           his advisors. This doesn’t make sense to them, either.

                                 MCRAE
                        I don’t understand. You took a two 
                        hour train ride to come find me 
                        just so you could ask for less time 
                        for your clients?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        And I think J.S. Utley should 
                        represent the state.

           And now McRae is really confused. He steps a bit closer, his 
           question should be our own: what the hell is Scipio doing?

                                 MCRAE
                        You want to square off against the 
                        Attorney General, arguably the best 
                        lawyer in the state? Scipio, am I 
                        missing something here? What’s your 
                        angle in all this? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Same as yours. Keep a monster out 
                        of the governor’s mansion and the 
                        Klan out of Little Rock.

           McRae stares at Scipio a moment, then shakes his head--

                                 MCRAE
                        No, I don’t buy it. You’re not 
                        telling me something. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Hesitates)
                        Governor, we’ve been doing this a 
                        long time and you know the odds as 
                        well as I do. By having the process 
                        play out quickly, my clients will 
                        get their day in court and you’ll 
                        appear tough on crime while also 
                        demonstrating a firm commitment to 
                        the rule of law. It’s a win/win for 
                        everyone involved. But I need you 
                        to call McCullough to make it work.

           McRae takes another deep breath and glances at his advisers. 
           All of them have the same look: “It’s a good deal. Take it.”
                                 MCRAE
                        I can’t just tell the State Supreme 
                        Court and the Attorney General what 
                        cases to take. That’s a violation 
                        of the separation of powers.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Oh, Governor, come now. Justice may 
                        be blind, but you and I both know a 
                        lot happens behind its back.

           McRae stares at Scipio with a faint smile, then quietly nods--

                                 MCRAE
                        Alright, I’ll call them.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Do I have your word on that?

           McRae answers by repeating his earlier line--

                                 MCRAE
                        You have my word I’ll do my best.

           Scipio hesitates and then finally nods. It’ll have to do, for 
           now. He turns and starts to leave. McRae suddenly calls out--

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Scipio...? 
                             (Holds up the newspaper)
                        Is this really true?

           Scipio stares at the grim headline and quietly nods. He turns 
           and walk away. McRae watches him vanish into the shadows.

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- MORNING (DAYS LATER)

           Scipio is at his desk, typing a BRIEF. From his furious pace, 
           we sense he’s been working nonstop for several days.

           As the typing continues, we PAN ACROSS the room and reveal a 
           disheveled mess. Stacks of open BOOKS and DEPOSITIONS on the 
           tables, marked-up PAGES strewn across the floor... 

           Back at the desk, Scipio continues to work. As ink hits the 
           page, we see a few key phrases: “DUE PROCESS,” “NO BLACKS ON 
           JURY,” “TORTURE,” and finally, “MURDER.” And then--

           Scipio hears a knock and suddenly stops. And all at once, the 
           office is quiet. Scipio turns and sees Louis at the door--

                                 LOUIS
                        McCullough’s office just called. 
                        Hearing’s set for Friday. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 LOUIS (CONT'D)
                        Utley’s representing the state. 
                        John Miller’s sitting second chair. 
                        Briefs are due by end of the day. 
                        They said no exceptions.

           Scipio stares at Louis for a moment and a faint smile pierces 
           his cheeks. It is, after all, exactly what he wanted. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Alright. We’ll be ready.

           And with that, Scipio goes right back to work. Louis stares 
           at his boss -- still not sure what the hell he’s doing.

           INT. PRISON -- DAY (SERIES OF SHOTS):

           A TAILOR measures the prisoners and their families for new 
           clothes, calling out sizes for SUITS and DRESSES... 

           Out in the hallway, a team of SEAMSTRESSES manage RACKS of 
           CLOTHES, bringing in desired items whenever they’re called 
           for and then quickly making adjustments.

           Several GUARDS stand by, watching in utter disbelief. One of 
           them leans over and whispers to his buddy--

                                 GUARD
                        Who the hell do you suppose is 
                        paying for all this?

           The second guard shakes his head: “No idea.” We HOLD on their 
           bewildered faces. And then suddenly CUT TO:

           NEARBY ROOM -- SAME TIME

           Where a PHOTOGRAPHER is taking pictures of all the prisoners’ 
           injuries. We won’t dwell on this, we’ve seen it already.

           But as some of the women disrobe, the photographer lowers his 
           CAMERA. And we can tell: he’s horrified by what he’s sees.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- DINING ROOM -- EVENING

           McRae sits at a large DINING TABLE, looking exhausted after a 
           long trip. Carl comes over and serves him dinner as we hear a 
           familiar voice in mid-conversation--

                                 UTLEY (O.S.)
                        I reviewed the briefs Jones filed 
                        with the court and it should be 
                        pretty routine. Honestly, I don’t 
                        understand his strategy. He’s just 
                        rehashing the same arguments he’s 
                        been making his whole career.
           McRae looks up and we see J.S. Utley seated down the table. 
           Sitting beside him is John Miller. Back for round two.

                                 MCRAE
                        Really? Like what?

                                 UTLEY
                             (Shrugs, “Who cares?”)
                        Lack of due process, biased jury, 
                        inadequate representation. All 
                        matters that have been adjudicated 
                        through the years, easily rebuffed 
                        with the relevant case law. 
                             (Starts to eat, then)
                        The one tricky part is going to be 
                        the torture. Jones is alleging the 
                        confessions were all coerced. 

           McRae glances over at Miller. More of a glare, really.

                                 MCRAE
                        Were they?

                                 MILLER
                             (Hesitates)
                        Of course not. I’ll admit some of 
                        them were given the third degree, 
                        but that’s understandable. They 
                        killed a soldier, for God’s sake. 
                        Passions were running a bit high.

           McRae stares at Miller and quietly nods. We sense he’d like 
           to press further, but he’s afraid he won’t like the answer.

                                 UTLEY
                        Supposedly, rumor has it all the 
                        families are in town and are going 
                        to be attending the hearing. Should 
                        make quite the spectacle. I wonder 
                        where they’re even staying. 

           Over by the door, Carl suppresses a faint smile; as do other 
           SERVANTS who we recognize from the Dunbar neighborhood.

                                 MCRAE
                        Don’t worry about the spectacle, 
                        just do your job. I need this 
                        wrapped up before the election. You 
                        understand? I can’t stress just how 
                        important that is. 

                                 UTLEY
                        I take it that means your little 
                        state tour didn’t go as planned?
                                 MCRAE
                        Let’s just say the race is closer 
                        than I’d like it to be.

                                 UTLEY
                        I told you to go after the Klan’s 
                        endorsement. Like John here, he’s 
                        riding high. Not a care in the 
                        world. Nothing worse than getting 
                        out-niggered by your opponent.
                             (Off McRae’s look)
                        Don’t worry, we’ll get you back in 
                        the polls. Should be a walk in the 
                        park. I’ve tussled with Judge Jones 
                        numerous times over the years. He’s 
                        never won a case against me.

                                 MCRAE
                        I know. That’s what I don’t 
                        understand. He specifically asked 
                        for you. Now why would he do that? 
                        No disrespect to Mr. Miller, but if 
                        I were in Jones’ shoes, I’d much 
                        rather square off against him.

                                 UTLEY
                        Hell, I don’t know. Ego, most 
                        likely. Every lawyer has one, even 
                        a moralistic crusader like Scipio 
                        Africanus Jones. 
                             (Chews some food, then)
                        Truth be told, he also has a score 
                        to settle and might be looking for 
                        revenge. I prosecuted his last case 
                        and sent his client to the gallows.

                                 MCRAE
                        You mean Emmanuel West?

                                 UTLEY
                        I don’t know, probably. That name 
                        sounds familiar.

           McRae stares at Utley and finally manages a nod. His guests 
           continue to eat. But the governor doesn’t touch his food.

           INT. LAW LIBRARY -- NIGHT

           An elegant library with endless SHELVES of BOOKS. LAWYERS and 
           JUDGES are at various tables, quietly hard at work. 

           John Martineau sits near the back, reading and taking notes. 
           He looks bored and desperate for a break. Suddenly, he hears 
           a whispered commotion coming from across the room--
                                 LIBRARIAN (O.S.)
                        Judge, come on now. I’ve explained 
                        this to you already. You’re welcome 
                        to use the library, but not until 
                        all the white patrons are gone. 
                        Those are the rules. You know them 
                        as well as anyone. 

           Martineau looks up and his eyes suddenly narrow. Scipio is at 
           the front desk, pleading with a LIBRARIAN (Male, 20s). We CUT 
           ACROSS the room just as he replies--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I understand, but I’m due in court 
                        tomorrow morning. Couldn’t we make 
                        an exception this once? 
                             (then, “I promise.”)
                        I’ll only be five minutes.

                                 LIBRARIAN
                        Judge, I’m not going to argue. You 
                        can wait or come back tomorrow. I’m 
                        sorry, that’s the best I can do.

           And with that, the librarian folds his arms, expecting Scipio 
           to leave. Instead, he hears a sharp voice at his back--

                                 MARTINEAU (O.S.)
                        What seems to be the problem?

           The librarian turns and sees Martineau coming over, his voice 
           firm and unwavering. Everyone in the library looks up.

                                 LIBRARIAN
                        No problem, Chancellor. I was just 
                        explaining to Judge Jones that he 
                        has to wait his turn. That’s all.

           Martineau stares at the librarian and offers a faint smile, 
           but a look in his eye seems to say: “Go fuck yourself, kid.”

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Oh, Judge Jones is an old friend. 
                        We don’t mind. Come on back, Sip. 
                        You can sit at my table.

           Scipio nods and follows Martineau back to his table before 
           the librarian (or anyone else) has a chance to object.

           INT. LAW LIBRARY -- LATER

           Scipio and Martineau laugh in mid-conversation. The table is 
           covered with BOOKS and LEGAL BRIEFS. It’s almost closing time 
           and they’ve clearly been here for awhile.
                                 MARTINEAU
                        What was the name of that lawyer 
                        you had to clerk for back when we 
                        were at district together?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Jacob Trieber.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Trieber! God, what a hardass. His 
                        voice still gives me nightmares. 
                             (then, mimicking)
                        Jones! Get in here! Right now!

           Scipio laughs at the memory, then notices some LAWYERS across 
           the room, packing to leave and glaring at him harshly. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        It was character building.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        No, it wasn’t. You got the toughest 
                        assignments, you had to work twice 
                        as hard. And in the evenings, we’d 
                        go out to dinner while you cleaned 
                        the bathrooms. It wasn’t right.
                             (then, “I’m sorry.”)
                        Don’t think we didn’t know.

           Scipio stares at Martineau and quietly nods, “Thanks.” 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Most people embody the prejudice of 
                        their time, John. What makes you so 
                        different?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Well...my father’s Canadian. 

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Smiles, then)
                        I take it that means you won’t be 
                        joining the Klan?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        No, they rejected my membership. A 
                        couple of my clerks did, though. 
                        Got initiated up on the hillside, 
                        burning crosses and everything.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Hesitates)
                        Are the rumors true? They plan to 
                        march on Little Rock?
                                 MARTINEAU
                        ‘Afraid so. Sip, if it gets bad, I 
                        hope you know you and your family 
                        can stay at my house.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thanks, John.
                             (Nods at the legal briefs)
                        So what do you think?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        About the case? It’s strong. Maybe 
                        the best I’ve ever seen. Those men 
                        are lucky to have you. Really.

           Scipio stares at Martineau and senses he’s holding back.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What do you think?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Are you asking me as a friend or as 
                        a judge?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m asking you as a friend who also 
                        happens to be a judge.

           Martineau smiles and quietly nods. Touche. He takes a moment 
           to gather his thoughts, then leans forward and says--

                                 MARTINEAU
                        If the case was about jurisdiction, 
                        if it was some property dispute or 
                        civil forfeiture, I’d gladly rule 
                        in your favor. But in criminal 
                        court, I’d be bound by precedent. 
                        All the issues you raise, no blacks 
                        on the jury, lack of due process, 
                        inadequate representation, torture, 
                        it’s all settled law as far as the 
                        state’s concerned. All they’d have 
                        to do is cite the relevant cases, 
                        argue state’s rights, and I’d be 
                        forced to uphold the convictions or 
                        else face a mistrial and possible 
                        disbarment, myself. I’d hate to do 
                        it, but...I’d rule against you.

           Scipio stares at Martineau, absorbing his words. It’s quite 
           an admission. And it lets us know how bad the odds are.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Well...I appreciate your honesty.
                                 MARTINEAU
                        Can I ask you something? 
                             (Scipio nods, “Sure.”)
                        Why are you rushing into court like 
                        this? You could ask the governor 
                        for a stay. He’s required to grant 
                        one if needed for an appeal.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Because it doesn’t matter. 

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Doesn’t matter?

           Scipio shakes his head, very matter-of-fact--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Nope. Not even a little. Do you 
                        know how many murder cases I’ve 
                        brought to the Arkansas Supreme 
                        Court in my career? Nineteen. Guess 
                        how many of those I won? Zero. 
                        Because a stay is not a pardon, 
                        it’s certainly not an acquittal, 
                        and all the time in the world is 
                        meaningless if your clients are 
                        already presumed guilty because of 
                        the color of their skin. They say 
                        the definition of insanity is doing 
                        the same thing over and over and 
                        expecting different results. But 
                        this time is different. I believe 
                        that an accelerated timeline could 
                        work in our favor.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Why?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Because we have a governor running 
                        for re-election who wants to look 
                        tough on crime. 

           Martineau suddenly flinches, intrigued. Scipio checks to make 
           sure nobody’s listening, then leans closer...and says--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Do you remember back in ‘93 when I 
                        tried to sue the state to repeal 
                        the Grandfather Clause?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Sure. Everyone followed it. Big 
                        case. Made your name.
                                 SCIPIO
                        Do you remember who the opposing 
                        counsel was?

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Of course. A young J.S. Utley, 
                        future state Attorney General.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        He wanted the voting rolls purged 
                        in time for the next election. Do 
                        you remember what he did? 

           Martineau stares at Scipio and it suddenly dawns on him--

                                 MARTINEAU
                        He demurred, argued even if the 
                        facts were true, it didn’t change 
                        the law. The state agreed with him.
                        You think he’d do that now?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I do. And for the very same reason. 
                        He wants this wrapped up before the 
                        voters cast their ballots. 

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Any reason to believe the court 
                        won’t rule again in his favor?

                                 SCIPIO
                        None whatsoever. But this time, he 
                        won’t be demurring to the facts of 
                        a civil lawsuit, but a criminal 
                        murder case. That would set quite a 
                        precedent. And I believe it’ll open 
                        the door for us to be heard at the 
                        United States Supreme Court. 

           Martineau stares at Scipio and flinches, stunned. There’s no 
           way he could have possibly heard that right--

                                 MARTINEAU
                        I’m sorry, did you say...the United 
                        States Supreme Court? Scipio, are 
                        you mad? Why would they--

           Martineau trails off and we see a flash of realization in his 
           eyes. He glances down at the table. And suddenly, he gets it.

                                 MARTINEAU (CONT’D)
                        You’re not defending your clients. 
                        You’re putting the system on trial. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MARTINEAU (CONT’D)
                        You’re cramming every argument 
                        you’ve ever made into one brief and 
                        setting a trap for the state, all 
                        with the hope that the federal 
                        government is ready to reclaim its 
                        authority in matters of criminal 
                        law. Scipio, my God. You’d make a 
                        helluva poker player.

           Scipio manages a faint smile as Martineau sits back, still in 
           a daze; taking a moment to think everything through. 

                                 MARTINEAU (CONT’D)
                        This is still a long shot. Over ten-
                        thousand cases get submitted to  
                        the Supreme Court each year. They 
                        hear less than one percent of them. 
                        And even if they do hear the case, 
                        nobody ever accused those justices 
                        of being the Negro’s best friend.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know, but we’ve never had a case 
                        like this before with so much legal 
                        malfeasance. It may be hopeless at 
                        the state level, but if I can get 
                        the case to Washington with the 
                        facts acknowledged to be true, I 
                        have to believe it’ll give even the 
                        most ardent racist on the court 
                        pause. For the first time, they’ll 
                        be forced to rule on the merits of 
                        a criminal case. And with Oliver 
                        Wendell Holmes on the bench, who 
                        knows? Maybe we can win.

           Martineau stares at Scipio for a moment and quietly shakes 
           his head. Stunned. Amazed. And beaming with respect.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Well, for whatever it’s worth, Sip 
                        ...I’m rooting for you.

           Scipio smiles and we HOLD on the two men, now alone in the 
           dark library...and possibly on the brink of history.

           EXT. ARKANSAS SUPREME COURT -- MORNING

           CROWDS pour into the COURTHOUSE as NEWSIES fill the street, 
           selling their NEWSPAPERS and shouting the headline--

                                 NEWSIE
                        Extra! Extra! Elaine Twelve appeal 
                        hearing today! Read all about it!  
           The newspapers sell fast as CITIZENS and REPORTERS head into 
           court. We can already tell: it’ll be standing room only. 

           INT. ARKANSAS SUPREME COURT -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio enters with Louis and walks down the hall. They see 
           Mary and her son up ahead, dressed in new clothes.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Smiles)
                        Don’t you both look nice.

           Mary smiles and Scipio glances down at the young boy. Dressed 
           in a child’s suit, he looks like he could be Scipio’s son.

                                 YOUNG BOY
                        Are you going to save my daddy?

           Scipio stares at him for a moment, then quietly says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m going to do my best.
                             (then, to Mary)
                        I’ll see you after, alright?

           Mary nods again and then takes her son’s hand. They turn and 
           head up the balcony stairs. Scipio watches them disappear. 

           INT. COURTROOM BALCONY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Lillie sits in the balcony, watching black families fill the 
           seats. They’re all dressed nicely, as if going to church. 

           Lillie suddenly flinches as Mary comes into view with her 
           son. They sit down nearby her, not realizing who she is.

           Lillie watches them carefully, marveling as Mary puts an arm 
           around her boy. This young girl, still just a child herself. 
           Not much older than Hazel. Just like Scipio said.

           And suddenly, Lillie’s whole face grows calm. We sense she 
           knows who this woman is and what she means to her husband.

           INT. COURTROOM -- MORNING

           Scipio and Louis enter the packed courtroom and head down the 
           aisle. They glance around the gallery and up at the balcony-- 

           It’s a stark contrast, with one thing in common: all eyes, 
           white and black, are squarely on the two of them. 

           Scipio and Louis arrive at the defense table and find Robert 
           and Frank sitting with the ten others sentenced to die. Just 
           like their families, now dressed in new clothes.
                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Looking sharp, guys.

           The men manage nervous smiles as Scipio sits down and takes a 
           moment to get settled. He glances at Utley and Miller, seated 
           across the aisle. Neither of them look happy to be here.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Mr. Attorney General, nice to see 
                        you again. Mr. Miller, safe trip up 
                        from Phillips County, I trust?

                                 UTLEY
                        Let’s cut the formalities, Judge.
                        I have to say I’m disappointed. 
                        John here tells me you explicitly 
                        promised him that you wouldn’t be 
                        trying this case.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I said he wouldn’t see me at the 
                        defense table in Phillips County. I 
                        never said anything about arguing 
                        the case on appeal.

                                 MILLER
                        Sounds like a technicality to me.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Mr. Miller, we’re lawyers. We make 
                        our living on technicalities.

           Miller stares at Scipio, seething with rage; about to respond 
           when he’s suddenly interrupted by a BAILIFF shouting--

                                 BAILIFF (O.S.)
                        All rise!

           And everyone stands as Ed McCullough and eight other JUSTICES 
           shuffle into court. They take their seats up at the bench. We 
           don’t get the sense they’re happy to be here, either.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Let’s get this over with, shall we? 
                        I’d like to start my weekend. 
                             (Pounds his gavel, then)
                        Everyone be seated.

           Everyone in the gallery and balcony sits down. McCullough 
           stares at the packed house, marveling in disbelief--

                                 MCCULLOUGH (CONT’D)
                        Are we here for an appeals hearing 
                        or the opening of some new show?
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCCULLOUGH (CONT’D)
                             (Some laughter, then)
                        Mr. Utley, pleasure to see you, as 
                        always. Mr. Miller, I believe this 
                        is your first time, yes?

           Miller quickly stands up to address the court--

                                 MILLER
                        Yes, Mr. Chief Justice. Honored to 
                        be here.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Honored to have you.
                             (then, to Scipio)
                        Judge Jones. You certainly need no 
                        introduction. Welcome back for the, 
                        what is it? Twentieth time? 

           Scipio hesitates and then nods, standing up to speak--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yes, your Honor. Thank you.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Let’s see if you can win one, huh? 

           Scipio feigns a polite smile and sits back down. McCullough 
           glances down at his case file. You could hear a pin drop. 

                                 MCCULLOUGH (CONT’D)
                        Alright, we have twelve men who are 
                        appealing their conviction for the 
                        murder of James Tappan, an American 
                        soldier who was killed during the 
                        Negro insurrection in Elaine this 
                        summer. A crime for which seventy-
                        five other men pled guilty and are 
                        now serving twenty-year sentences.

           McCullough scans the rest of the file, then casually shrugs. 
           He glances up at Scipio, almost doing Utley’s job for him--

                                 MCCULLOUGH (CONT’D)
                        Most of these men admitted their 
                        crime. The rest got their day in 
                        court. They were given lawyers, the 
                        chance to confront witnesses, rebut 
                        evidence, present evidence of their 
                        own, and ultimately were convicted 
                        by a jury of their peers. What are 
                        we doing here, Judge? Why should 
                        any of these verdicts be tossed?

           Scipio answers right away without bothering to stand up--
                                 SCIPIO
                        Because the evidence presented in 
                        court was manufactured, my clients’ 
                        confessions were all coerced, their 
                        attorney was practically working 
                        for the prosecution, and the trial 
                        that convicted them was about as 
                        fair as the one Christ received 
                        from Pilate and the Sanhedrin. 

           The audience suddenly gasps. Utley and Miller are stunned. 
           The balls on this guy. Did he really just say that?

           Up in the balcony, the black families glance at each other in 
           disbelief. Frank’s son leans over the railing. ‘Quite a thing 
           to see his father actually being defended.

           Down at the defense table, Scipio waits for the murmuring to 
           die down, then gathers some files and stands up to speak--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Mr. Chief Justice, members of the 
                        court, it is nearly impossible to 
                        summarize in the time allotted the 
                        grave injustice that has been dealt 
                        to my clients and their families, 
                        but I will do my best. These men 
                        are innocent, every single one, a 
                        fact that would’ve been easily 
                        arrived at had they been given an 
                        ounce of due process or anything 
                        resembling a fair trial. Allow me 
                        to first draw your attention to 
                        several jury irregularities. Before 
                        the violence in Phillips County had 
                        even subsided, these men were all 
                        shackled in chains and brought to a 
                        courtroom dominated by a mob, only 
                        to face trumped-up charges that had 
                        been made a few days prior without 
                        bothering to convene a grand jury.

                                 UTLEY
                             (Stands up)
                        Objection, your Honor!

                                 SCIPIO
                        It’s customary for the appellants 
                        to present their appeal first 
                        before any rebuttals are made.

                                 UTLEY
                        Please, Judge, let’s not waste any 
                        more time than we already have. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 UTLEY (CONT'D)
                        Jimmy Tappan’s family has suffered 
                        enough. Does anything about this 
                        case seem “customary” to you?
                             (then, to McCullough)
                        Mr. Chief Justice, Judge Jones is 
                        attempting an appeal to emotion. I 
                        imagine it’s all he can do when the 
                        law isn’t on his side. His aim is 
                        to confuse the issue by citing a 
                        number of federal laws that have no 
                        application here. He just decried 
                        the lack of a grand jury. But 
                        Hurtado v. California determined 
                        that’s not necessary in a state 
                        criminal proceeding.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Not necessary, but still common 
                        practice when the defendants are 
                        white. It would seem my clients are 
                        held to a different standard, which 
                        is a clear violation of their right 
                        to due process. Furthermore, what 
                        is required by state law is for 
                        jury selection to be balanced and 
                        fair. Blacks outnumber whites in 
                        Phillips County by five-to-one. And 
                        yet somehow my clients wound up 
                        facing an all-white jury.  

           Utley approaches the bench with a DOCUMENT in hand. He’s a 
           good lawyer, too. And he was expecting this.

                                 UTLEY
                        Your Honor, please see this sworn 
                        statement from the controller in 
                        Phillips County, stating on record 
                        and under oath that there were no 
                        Negroes in Phillips County at the 
                        time of this trial who qualified 
                        for jury service.

                                 SCIPIO
                        There are more than thirty-three 
                        thousand Negroes living in Phillips 
                        County, five-thousand of whom are 
                        veterans. You’re asking this court 
                        to believe that they were somehow 
                        qualified to serve in the military, 
                        but not on a regularly drawn jury? 

                                 UTLEY
                        Take it up with the controller, 
                        Judge. The rules were followed. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 UTLEY (CONT'D)
                        I’d also remind you of Strauder v. 
                        West Virginia, which holds that 
                        racial balance on a jury is not a 
                        necessary requirement to ensure 
                        equal protection under the law. And 
                        even if it was, the time to raise 
                        this objection has long since 
                        passed. It should have been made 
                        during the initial trial and not 
                        here as an afterthought.  

                                 SCIPIO
                        Be that as it may, the jury was 
                        still biased. They were also 
                        uninformed. The judge never even 
                        bothered to explain that they could 
                        acquit the men if they were found 
                        to have acted in self-defense. As a 
                        result, they deliberated for less 
                        than ten minutes and even failed to 
                        specify on their verdict form 
                        whether the men were guilty of 
                        first or second degree murder.

           Scipio holds up the verdict form as we hear more gasps in the 
           audience. But Utley just shrugs, as if to say: “So what?”

                                 UTLEY
                        I know of no law that requires a 
                        judge to make such instructions or 
                        a jury to deliberate a set amount 
                        of time. As for the verdicts, it 
                        would be quite simple to poll the 
                        jurors. Judge Jackson sentenced the 
                        men to die, so it stands to reason 
                        that the verdict was murder in the 
                        first degree. This is a formality 
                        and hardly rises to the level of 
                        gross injustice or irregularity 
                        that Judge Jones alleged in his 
                        opening statement. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        How about a trial lasting eighty-
                        four minutes that convicts twelve 
                        men? Or an attorney who doesn’t 
                        meet with his clients beforehand or 
                        petition for a change of venue when 
                        a lynch mob gathers outside the 
                        courthouse. Who fails to call a 
                        single witness or ask one question 
                        during cross-examination and who 
                        can’t even be bothered to make an 
                        opening or closing statement. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        Any of that seem irregular to you, 
                        Mr. Utley?

                                 UTLEY
                        Not in the slightest, Judge. Show 
                        me a law anywhere that would even 
                        suggest this is a problem. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Besides the sixth amendment to the 
                        United States Constitution?

                                 UTLEY
                        Oh, for hell’s sake. This is such a 
                        waste of time. The sixth amendment 
                        guarantees an individual’s right to 
                        an attorney. Your clients got one. 
                        I’d also remind you that in West v. 
                        Louisiana, it was determined that 
                        that specific amendment doesn’t 
                        apply to state courts. As for the 
                        rest, it’s between your clients and 
                        their attorney. The fact that no 
                        questions were asked, or opening 
                        and closing statements made, does 
                        not necessarily mean that the trial 
                        was unfair. That’s also settled 
                        law. Maxwell v. Dow. 
                             (then, pointedly)
                        The judge ought to remember that 
                        case. He lost it, himself.

           Scipio smiles at the dig and then glances over at the COURT 
           REPORTER, furiously scribbling to write everything down.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Let’s talk about the evidence. Or 
                        lack thereof. During the trial, it 
                        was claimed a “kill list” had been 
                        found of white planters who were 
                        targeted to be killed. This list 
                        was never enter into evidence. 

                                 UTLEY
                        Irrelevant. The existence of it was 
                        confirmed by the testimony of Mayor 
                        Sid Stoaks, one of the most beloved 
                        members of his community.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Who was never cross-examined. We’d 
                        respectfully ask that Mr. Stoaks be 
                        made available for the purpose of 
                        getting a sworn deposition.
                                 UTLEY
                        Absolutely not. Mayor Stoaks is a 
                        busy man with great responsibility. 
                        There is no reason to suspect his 
                        original testimony was a lie and no 
                        purpose would be served forcing him 
                        to travel to Little Rock just so he 
                        can repeat everything he’s already 
                        said. Again, the time for this has 
                        passed. If there was an objection 
                        to his testimony, it should have 
                        been made at the initial trial. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        That goes for Dr. Ellis, too?

           Utley shakes his head and feigns exasperation--

                                 UTLEY
                        And what possible objection could 
                        you have to Dr. Ellis’ testimony?

                                 SCIPIO
                        For starters, his medical report 
                        was never entered into evidence. 
                             (Holds up a document)
                        I have it right here. Strange, 
                        nobody thought to ask about the 
                        angle of the blast that blew off 
                        that boy’s face. On page three, it 
                        says it entered above the right ear 
                        and exited the left cheek-- 

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Judge, with all due respect, how is 
                        this relevant to anything? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        It suggests Tappan was shot from 
                        behind, killed by his own men.
                             (Over audience murmurs)
                        Besides Dr. Ellis and Mayor Stoaks, 
                        the only testimony the state has to 
                        convict my clients belongs to John 
                        Jefferson, who is sitting in this 
                        courtroom today, ready to recant 
                        and bear witness, along with the 
                        seventy-five men who pled guilty, 
                        their families, and the scars on 
                        their bodies, that they were all 
                        subjected to horrific torture and 
                        forced to confess to false charges 
                        while countless other Negroes were 
                        being hunted down and slaughtered. 
           All at once, the courtroom is churning with excitement. Utley 
           no longer has to feign outrage. He’s genuinely pissed off--

                                 UTLEY
                        Your Honor, this is outrageous. 
                        Rather than argue legitimate points 
                        of law, Judge Jones is resorting to 
                        slanderous and sensational charges. 
                        Countless Negroes killed? Where are 
                        the bodies? Where is the proof? He 
                        has no evidence except hearsay and 
                        the biased testimony of discredited 
                        Negroes, many of whom participated 
                        in the actual crime, themselves! 

                                 SCIPIO
                        The only crime my clients committed 
                        that night was breaking curfew so 
                        they could attend a meeting at 
                        their local church. And why were 
                        they there? Everyone in this room 
                        surely knows. They wanted to form a 
                        union, like many other Americans, 
                        all with the misguided, but earnest 
                        hope that they might be able to 
                        negotiate fairer pay from the very 
                        men who have held their families in 
                        bondage since the dark days of 
                        slavery. But as we all know, that 
                        negotiation never came. Instead, 
                        they were greeted by gunfire and an 
                        indiscriminate slaughter that 
                        continued for three merciless days. 
                             (a moment, then)
                        Imagine the terror, the anguish, 
                        the horror these men must’ve felt. 
                        Just a few months prior, they’d 
                        been fighting Germans in Europe. 
                        Now they were hiding out in the 
                        backwoods of their homes, in swamps 
                        and canebrakes, many with their 
                        families at their side, cold and 
                        wet, gripped by unimaginable fear, 
                        and praying to God that they might 
                        be able to survive just long enough 
                        to be rounded up by the National 
                        Guard, only to be thrown into jail 
                        and face false murder charges after 
                        enduring the most horrific torture. 
                             (Looks right at Miller)
                        They were beaten, whipped, choked. 
                        Some had their bones broken. Others 
                        were strapped for hours into the 
                        electric chair. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT'D)
                        The current cooking their very 
                        flesh, leaving them with ghastly 
                        third degree burns. This continued 
                        for nearly a week. Until, finally, 
                        most of the men broke. Like anyone 
                        else would have if faced with that 
                        horrifying situation.
                             (a quiet moment, then)
                        A union. That’s all they wanted. 
                        Was it really so much to ask? I ask 
                        you gentlemen on the bench, where 
                        is the justice in any of this?

           Suddenly, the courtroom is deathly quiet. McCullough lets out 
           a deep sigh and we can tell: Scipio’s given him faint pause.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Mr. Miller.

           Miller hesitates and then rises to his feet, like a child in 
           class who desperately doesn’t want to be called on--

                                 MILLER
                        Yes, your Honor?

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        You were in Phillips County in the 
                        aftermath of this uprising. Did you 
                        see anything that would support the 
                        allegations Judge Jones is making?

           Miller takes a deep breath and glances at Scipio. He may have 
           a conscience deep down, but we won’t be seeing it today--

                                 MILLER
                        No, your Honor. My investigation 
                        showed that not one single Negro 
                        was killed without cause. I’d also 
                        remind the court the National Guard 
                        was there the whole time and their 
                        findings were the same as mine. Is 
                        Judge Jones going to besmirch the 
                        fine reputation of the United 
                        States Army by suggesting they’re 
                        complicit in mass slaughter?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t have to suggest anything. I 
                        have sworn testimony from people 
                        who were there. And unlike the 
                        state’s witnesses, mine are here 
                        today, ready to swear under oath 
                        and tell the world about the 
                        horrors they experienced. 
                                 UTLEY
                        Mr. Chief Justice, is this really 
                        necessary?

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Just how many witnesses do you plan 
                        on calling, Judge Jones?

                                 SCIPIO
                        One-hundred twenty-six, your Honor.

           There are gasps in the courtroom. McCullough glances over at 
           Utley, as if to say: “Now this could be a problem.” 

                                 UTLEY
                        One-hundred twenty-six? Do you know 
                        how long that’s going to take?

                                 SCIPIO
                        These men and women deserve to have 
                        their stories heard, your Honor. 
                             (then, to Utley)
                        And I know of no statute, state, or 
                        federal law that limits the number 
                        of witnesses I can call. 

                                 UTLEY
                        This is so absurd. Your Honor, in 
                        the interest of saving time and 
                        considerable expense...the people 
                        are prepared to go ahead and issue 
                        a demurrer to this petition.

           And there it is. The very thing Scipio had been banking on 
           all along. He slowly turns and looks right at Utley--

                                 SCIPIO
                        You realize that means the state is 
                        admitting the allegations are true. 

           Up in the balcony, Lillie leans forward with a faint smile on 
           her face, suddenly cluing-in to what her husband is doing.

                                 UTLEY
                        Thank you, Judge. I went to law 
                        school. I’m saying that it doesn’t 
                        matter. Not in the eyes of the law. 
                        It is not the responsibility of the 
                        court to determine the facts of a 
                        case, that’s a matter for the jury 
                        to decide. A legal process occurred 
                        in full accordance with the United 
                        States Constitution. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 UTLEY (CONT'D)
                        That means the state’s duty to 
                        these men has been satisfied. We’ll 
                        demur to your petition and all of 
                        the testimony and depositions that 
                        are contained within. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Even the claims of torture, murder, 
                        and a criminal trial dominated by a 
                        mob atmosphere?

                                 UTLEY
                        All of it, Judge. You take every 
                        accusation in those depositions and 
                        treat them as fact and the state’s 
                        response to you is: so what? 

           Scipio stares at Utley with a faint smile, the look of a man 
           who knows he’s about to put his opponent in checkmate. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Well, in that case, I’ve got some 
                        photographs I’d like to enter into 
                        the record.

           HEARING IN PROGRESS -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio hands a thick stack of PHOTOGRAPHS to the judges and 
           duplicate copies to Utley. It doesn’t take long to see what 
           they are: pictures of the prisoners’ gruesome injuries.

           Utley stops at one of a WOMAN whose back has been chewed from 
           brutal whippings. He glances at Miller, whispering--

                                 UTLEY
                        This is your idea of the third 
                        degree?

           Miller holds Utley’s gaze a moment and then suddenly looks 
           away. We get the sense that he almost feels ashamed.

           Up on the bench, the justices finish and pass the photos back 
           to McCullough. He takes a deep breath and looks at Scipio--

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Anything else, Judge?

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, your Honor. With the state’s 
                        demurrer, the appellants rest.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Alright, then. I think we can go 
                        ahead and issue a ruling, yes?
           McCullough glances at his associate justices, who all quietly 
           nod. That’s right, they don’t even bother to deliberate.

                                 MCCULLOUGH (CONT’D)
                        It is impossible to deny this case 
                        contains some disturbing facts, 
                        alarming on their own and, taken 
                        together, enough to raise questions 
                        about whether the proceedings that 
                        convicted these men were reasonable 
                        and fair. That said, we must also 
                        remember that the familiar phrase 
                        due process of law does not mean a 
                        criminal trial must be conducted 
                        without error, as such a standard 
                        would be impossible to maintain. 
                        Rather, due process of law simply 
                        means that the rights of a prisoner 
                        shall not be taken arbitrarily, but 
                        according to the usual course of 
                        the law. Mr. Utley is correct when 
                        he states that it is ultimately up 
                        to the jury, and not the court, to 
                        determine facts in the case. It is 
                        the court’s responsibility to make 
                        sure an appropriate legal process 
                        occurs. It is the judgment of this 
                        court that that standard has been 
                        met and, therefore, the appellants’ 
                        appeal is hereby denied.
                             (then, to Scipio)
                        I take it you’ll be petitioning the 
                        United States Supreme Court?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yes, your Honor. We ask for thirty 
                        days to perfect the appeal.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        I’ll give you five.
                             (then, a slight smile)
                        Wouldn’t want to infringe on your 
                        clients’ right to a swift and 
                        speedy trial, now would we?

                                 SCIPIO
                        No, your Honor.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Good. That’ll allow us to keep the 
                        executions as currently scheduled. 
                        Thank you, everyone. 
                             (then, to Scipio)
                        And better luck next time, Judge.
           McCullough pounds his gavel, it echoes like gunfire. The men 
           and their families all flinch -- crestfallen and forlorn.

           But Scipio stands firm and watches the justices file out of 
           court. And we can tell: he got exactly what he wanted. 

           EXT. PRISON -- EVENING

           Frank Hill, Robert Moore, and the ten other men shuffle back 
           into their cells. The other prisoners watch them, as do all 
           of the guards, some of whom even seem sympathetic.

           Scipio goes over to Robert and Frank’s cell as the door slams 
           shut. They see him and come over, standing close to the bars. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Try not to lose hope. This isn’t 
                        over. There are still a few more 
                        cards left to play.

                                 ROBERT
                        The United States Supreme Court? 
                        Sounds like a long shot.

                                 SCIPIO
                        It is, but the demurrer helps us. 
                        It means the state is acknowledging 
                        the facts of the case to be true. 
                        From this point forward, they’ll 
                        have to argue it as such.

                                 ROBERT
                             (Realizing)
                        Losing was part of the plan?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        Now the question is if a federal 
                        court is willing to intervene. 

                                 ROBERT
                        The execution is ten days from now.
                        Should I be pessimistic?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (a moment, then)
                        Pessimism is cowardice, remember?

           Robert hesitates, then smiles. Scipio turns and walks away.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- EVENING

           McRae sits at his desk, deep in thought. Suddenly, the phone 
           rings. The governor reluctantly picks it up--
                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        Hello?

                                 MCCULLOUGH (ON PHONE)
                        It’s me. I thought you should know 
                        everything’s been handled.

           REVEAL: McCullough is in his office, now dressed in a suit; a 
           stiff drink in hand, bottle of whiskey on his desk. INTERCUT:

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        Really, that fast?

                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE)
                        Yeah, it was pretty easy. Not sure 
                        what Jones was thinking, rushing 
                        into court like that. You’ll have 
                        to ask him sometime. In my opinion, 
                        he did his clients a disservice. 

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        So the executions will be carried 
                        out then...as scheduled?

                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE)
                        You mean before the election? Yes. 
                        Jones will petition the Supreme 
                        Court, asking for expedited review, 
                        I’m sure. But that’s a pipe dream. 
                        They’ve never intervened in a state 
                        criminal case. I don’t see any 
                        reason they’d start now. 

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        Do you think it’s true? 

           McCullough is caught off-guard, suddenly confused--

                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE)
                        Do I think what’s true?

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        ‘Hundreds of Negroes killed?

                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE)
                        Oh, doubtful. You know how it is 
                        with these things. Like the fella 
                        who catches a fish. Gets bigger 
                        every time he tells the story. 
                             (Takes a drink, then)
                        Still...I’d be lying if I said the 
                        whole thing didn’t give me pause. 
                        Those boys down in Phillips County 
                        really gave those niggers hell. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
                        Those pictures Jones took were 
                        tough to look at. 
                             (Takes another drink)
                        By the way, the whiskey you sent me 
                        is fantastic. Where’d you get it?

           McRae hesitates as we realize in an instant: Scipio Africanus 
           Jones. Where the hell else would he have gotten it?

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        I’ll have to check. I’m not sure.

                                 MCCULLOUGH (INTO PHONE)
                        Please do. And congratulations on 
                        the election, Governor. 
                             (then, with hubris)
                        I’d say you’ve got it in the bag.

           McRae nods and hangs up the phone. He lets out a deep sigh. 
           We sense there’s a great deal on the governor’s mind.

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE (SERIES OF SHOTS):

           An EXTREME CLOSE-UP of Scipio’s typewriter as INK begins to 
           hit the page, spelling out one letter at a time: 

           PETITION TO THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT

           What follows is a dramatic MONTAGE, set to MUSIC, similar to 
           the list-writing scene in “Schindler’s List.” Scipio works 
           around the clock, typing like a madman as Louis reads to him 
           sections of case law and legal depositions...

           We hear snippets of dialogue expressing key legal themes: NO 
           BLACKS ON THE JURY, DUE PROCESS, INADEQUATE REPRESENTATION, 
           MOB ATMOSPHERE, FALSE CONFESSIONS, TORTURE, MURDER.   

           Scipio keeping typing until his hands start to cramp. Louis 
           takes over and works until he grows exhausted. Scipio kicks 
           him out of the chair and resumes typing himself...

           They work like this in tandem as the sun sets out the window 
           and rises the next morning. Morning becomes noon, noon turns 
           to evening. And then, finally, the sun sets once again...

           Eventually, we find Louis asleep on the couch. Scipio sits at 
           the desk, struggling to type the last few sentences...

           We’re close on the TYPEWRITER, watching “letter-by-letter” as 
           Scipio concludes: “We humbly ask for relief, as is entitled 
           under the United States Constitution.” 

           Scipio takes a deep breath and sits back in his chair. And we 
           realize all at once: he’s finally finished. And then--
           Scipio sees a strange light out the window. We might assume 
           it’s the sunrise. Except this light is flickering.

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- ROOFTOP -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio comes out onto the roof and leans against the railing, 
           staring at distant FIRES burning on the hillside...

           Scipio hesitates for a moment, then takes a deep breath. He 
           walks across the roof to look from a different angle...

           As he does, we see the fires come into shape. They’re burning 
           CROSSES. A KLAN rally is being held right outside the city.

                                 LOUIS (O.S.)
                        Those what I think they are?

           Scipio turns and sees Louis standing behind him. He takes a 
           deep breath and nods, then glances back at the crosses--

                                 SCIPIO
                        We don’t have much time.

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- DAWN

           Scipio slips the BRIEF in a bag and hands it to Louis. We see 
           the top line: PETITION TO THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT.

                                 SCIPIO
                        If you hurry, you can still catch 
                        the morning train.

                                 LOUIS
                        Which justice are we submitting to? 
                        Oliver Wendell Holmes?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Nods, then)
                        Look for the great big handlebar 
                        mustache. Can’t miss him. Make sure 
                        you tell his clerk we’re asking for 
                        expedited review. 

           Louis nods and charges out the door. We HOLD on Scipio as he 
           takes a deep breath and suddenly sense: the die is now cast.

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON

           Scipio sits at his desk, staring at the TELEPHONE. He picks 
           up the receiver, dials a number, and puts it to his ear--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Yes, hello. Scipio Jones calling 
                        for Walter White.
           Scipio takes a deep breath and leans back in his chair. A few 
           moments go by. And then we hear a familiar voice--

                                 WHITE (ON PHONE)
                        Scipio.

           REVEAL: Walter White is at his desk in New York, a flurry of 
           activity behind him. They seem very busy. INTERCUT:

                                 WHITE (CONT’D)
                        ‘Sorry I’ve been a little M-I-A, 
                        things have been moving fast. Our 
                        fundraising is way up, thanks in 
                        large part to you. And remember the 
                        anti-lynching bill I was talking 
                        about? We’re presenting it to 
                        Congress early next week.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        That’s great. And no worries. I was 
                        just calling to check-in.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE) 
                        Everything okay? Need more money in 
                        the bank accounts?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        The money’s just fine. I wanted to 
                        give you an update. You know, we 
                        appeared at the Arkansas Supreme 
                        Court last week. Unfortunately, 
                        they upheld the verdicts.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Sorry to hear that. Can’t say I’m 
                        surprised, though. What’s next?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Louis is on his way to Washington 
                        now to file a petition with the 
                        United States Supreme Court.

           White smiles and shakes his head, knowing the odds--

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        That’s a long shot. Any reason to 
                        think they’ll take the case?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Yes, in fact. The state of Arkansas 
                        demurred to our petition.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        What does that mean?
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        They acknowledged the facts as we 
                        allege them to be true.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        You’re kidding.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Nope. If you have any contacts at 
                        the Supreme Court, maybe you could 
                        put in a good word?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Yeah, sure. I’ll have our founding 
                        president Moorfield Storey make 
                        some calls. He knows every justice 
                        on the court. They all respect the 
                        hell out of him. 

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        I know. He’s argued a few cases 
                        there, hasn’t he?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Four. Won all of ‘em.

           Scipio hesitates for a moment and quietly nods. And somehow, 
           we sense: this is the reason he was calling all along--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        How’s his case load these days?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        He’s eighty years old. He doesn’t 
                        take many cases anymore.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                             (a moment, then)
                        Would he consider taking this one?

           White stops what he’s doing and sits frozen in his chair, not 
           sure he heard right. Scipio continues off his silence--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        You said you wanted the NAACP to be 
                        the public face of this case. Well, 
                        here’s your chance. If the United 
                        States Supreme Court agrees to hear 
                        the case, would Moorfield Storey be 
                        willing to represent those men?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        I mean, I can ask. But Scipio, are 
                        you sure about this? 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
                        I can only imagine what it would 
                        mean for you to argue a case before 
                        the highest court in the land. 
                        Especially given your history. 

           Scipio takes a deep breath and we can tell: he’s not sure. In 
           fact, he’s heartbroken. But there are bigger things at stake.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Those men need all the help they 
                        can get. You and I both know they 
                        stand a better chance of winning 
                        with a white attorney representing 
                        them. If Moorfield Storey would be 
                        willing to take the case, I’d be 
                        honored to hand it over to him.

           White takes a deep breath and we can tell what he’s thinking: 
           Scipio Africanus Jones’ nobility is truly something else.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Alright. I’ll ask him. 

           Scipio nods and hangs up the phone. He sits in back in his 
           chair. And we sense: there’s nothing to do now but wait. 

           INT. PRISON CELL -- AFTERNOON (NEXT DAY)

           Robert and Frank pace around their cell. It’s hard to even 
           fathom what could possibly be going through their minds.

           Robert goes to the bars and peers at the gallows in the yard, 
           then takes a deep breath...and glances at Emmanuel’s name. 

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK (DOWNTOWN) -- SAME TIME

           Martineau approaches an empty NEWSSTAND, the owner nowhere in 
           sight. He sets down a coin and takes a NEWSPAPER. The front 
           page reads: ELAINE PRISONERS AWAIT SUPREME COURT DECISION!

           Martineau stares at the headline. His eyes flicker a bit. And 
           then he looks up...and notices something very strange--

           Not just the newsstand is empty. The streets are vacant, too. 
           Nobody else in sight. Shops and businesses are shuttered and 
           closed. It almost feels like when Scipio visited Elaine. 

           Martineau checks his watch and suddenly seems confused. It’s 
           only 1:30. Where on earth could everyone possibly be?

           EXT. TRAIN STATION -- THAT MOMENT

           John Miller sits on a bench, waiting for his train. He seems 
           quiet and deep in thought. And maybe, a little troubled.
           Miller hears something in the distance, a low steady roar. He 
           suddenly looks up. And what he sees stops him cold. 

           INT. MCCULLOUGH’S OFFICE -- THAT MOMENT

           McCullough sits at his desk, filling out some forms. There’s 
           a knock at the door. His SECRETARY bursts into the room--

                                 SECRETARY
                        Sir, have you looked outside?

           McCullough senses the urgency in her voice and goes to the 
           window. And all at once, the color drains from his face--

           INT. UTLEY’S OFFICE -- THAT MOMENT

           Utley is already at his window, stunned. Outside, we can hear  
           the roar marching boots thundering past his office... 

           Utley turns to one of his CLERKS, standing at the door. It 
           takes a moment to find his voice. But finally, he says--

                                 UTLEY
                        Call the governor. Now.

           INT. MCRAE’S OFFICE -- THAT MOMENT

           McRae is startled by a ringing telephone. He picks it up-- 

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        Hello?

           McRae listens for a moment, then hangs up and charges across 
           the room, opening a set of doors and stepping out onto--

           EXT. GOVERNOR’S BALCONY -- CONTINUOUS

           McRae leans against the railing, peering at something far in 
           the distance. The low steady roar continues, unabated. 

           McRae suddenly bows his head, in both agony and despair. We 
           suddenly sense he’s a very frightened man. And we CUT TO:

           DUNBAR NEIGHBORHOOD -- SERIES OF SHOTS:

           BLACK PEOPLE walking down the street stop and run the other 
           way. Anyone peering out a window quickly pulls the shades... 

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- THAT MOMENT

           Scipio sits on the couch with the PHONE to his ear--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Still no word from the court?
           REVEAL: Louis is calling from a PAYPHONE in WASHINGTON, DC. 
           The Supreme Court visible behind him. INTERCUT:

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Not yet. Holmes’ clerk told me to 
                        check back at the end of the day.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        They know the execution is in less 
                        than forty-eight hours, right?

           Across the room, Lillie hears the roar outside. She peers out 
           the window and suddenly gasps, shocked by what she sees--

                                 LILLIE
                        Scipio...?

           But Scipio doesn’t hear her. He’s focused on the call. Lillie 
           glances back outside. Her face suddenly grows panicked.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Tell them again. Time is running 
                        out. We need an answer now.

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Understood. I’ll call you as soon 
                        as I have one.

           Lillie turns from the window, her voice urgent--

                                 LILLIE
                        Scipio!

           Scipio looks up at his wife, suddenly alarmed. Lillie steps 
           back from the window. And then he sees it, too. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Get down!

           Lillie drops to her knees as Scipio hangs up the phone. He 
           charges across the room and throws open the front door. And 
           what we see should turn our blood cold--

           Thousands of KLANSMEN are pouring down the street, right past 
           their house, dressed in full costume; a raging, pulsing river 
           of hate marching unopposed throughout the city...

           Scipio stands in the doorway, watching them pass by; refusing 
           to be intimidated. But a clear look of fear in his eyes.

           LITTLE ROCK -- SERIES OF SHOTS:

           The Klansmen march through the black neighborhood and flood 
           downtown, pouring through the heart of the city, ending at--
           EXT. PRISON -- CONTINUOUS

           The Klan barrels toward the prison as the GATES swing shut. 
           We see movement on the roof, GUARDS taking position--

           ON THE ROOF -- CONTINUOUS

           Dempsey bursts outside and joins his armed guards, watching 
           in disbelief as an army of Klansmen gathers at the prison.

           It’s a staggering sight, thousands of white robes huddled as 
           one mass; filling the entire yard and chanting menacingly--

                                 KLANSMEN
                        Hang those niggers! Hang those 
                        niggers! Hang those niggers!

           We HOLD on Dempsey and the guards. And then CUT TO:

           INT. PRISON -- SERIES OF SHOTS:

           The prisoners stand in their cells, peering through the bars; 
           a look of horror on their faces as the chant continues...

           Robert Hill and Frank Moore stare out at the mob, undoubtably 
           wondering if their execution is coming sooner than expected.

                                 FRANK
                        Tell me again why it’s safer for us 
                        to be here than Phillips County.

           Robert quietly shakes his head, unable to answer--

           EXT. PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           WIDE SHOT: The mass of klansmen continue to scream up at the 
           guards. Behind them, the sun begins to set. And we CUT TO:

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- NIGHT

           Scipio sits at his desk, dazed. Outside, dusk has turned to 
           night. The phone suddenly rings. Scipio picks it up.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Hello?

           REVEAL: Louis calling again from Washington. INTERCUT:

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Hey, it’s me. I caught Holmes’ 
                        clerk as he was leaving the office. 
                             (Hesitates, then)
                        The court reached a decision, it’ll 
                        be announced tomorrow morning.
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Just tell me it’s good news.

           Louis looks down for a moment and we realize: it isn’t.

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Listen, boss...I don’t know how to 
                        say this, so I’m just going to say 
                        it. They rejected the petition.

           Scipio sits for a moment frozen in his seat. Like a man who’s 
           been told he has cancer. It doesn’t even seem to register.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        They what?

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        They won’t hear the case. Said it 
                        wasn’t raised in a timely fashion. 
                        They cited a number of precedents.
                             (then, reading)
                        Cruikshank, Hurtado, Plessy v. 
                        Ferguson, Williams v. Mississippi, 
                        Maxwell v. Dow. And finally--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Don’t say it.

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE)
                        Slaughterhouse v. Louisiana.

           Scipio looks away and suddenly closes his eyes. That goddamn 
           case. He’s been running into his entire life.

                                 LOUIS (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        Boss, what do you want me to do?

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        I don’t know. Just get back here.

           Scipio abruptly hangs up the phone. Out the window, we see 
           more flickering light. Except this time, it’s closer.

           Scipio slowly stands up and opens the window. A faint breeze 
           carries the sound of distant chanting from the prison--

           EXT. PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           The KLANSMEN are now lit by blazing fires. Large EFFIGIES of 
           the Elaine men and Scipio are burning bright in the darkness, 
           sending a sea of flaming embers into the night air...

           We PAN ACROSS the white hoods, everyone now with raised fits; 
           chanting one word over and over, a thousand voices strong--
                                 KLANSMEN
                        Blood! Blood! Blood! Blood!

           Up on the roof, the guards grip their rifles tightly. Several 
           have trembling hands. Dempsey shakes his head, marveling--

                                 DEMPSEY
                        And they said the Klan was dead.

           A nearby GUARD turns to Dempsey and replies--

                                 GUARD
                        ‘Might be easier to just hand the 
                        prisoners over to ‘em.

           Dempsey gives the guard a long hard stare. But we can’t tell 
           if he’s horrified...or maybe considering the suggestion.

           Finally, Dempsey shifts his gaze to the Klansmen below, a mob 
           intent on death; ready to burn the whole world to the ground. 

           INT. MARTINEAU’S OFFICE -- THAT MOMENT

           Martineau stands at his window, the distant fires reflected 
           in his eyes. He listens to the chanting, horrified. 

           EXT. PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           WIDE SHOT: We HOLD on the awful scene as effigies burn late 
           into the night. Until finally, mercifully, we CUT TO:

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- NEXT MORNING

           Lillie is lying asleep in her bed. Sunlight comes in through 
           the window and hits her face. Her eyes flutter open.

           Lillie takes a deep breath and slowly sits up. But then her 
           eyes suddenly narrow. Scipio’s side of the bed is empty.

                                 LILLIE
                             (Calling)
                        Scipio?

           Lillie’s call goes unanswered. She suddenly seems concerned, 
           realizing all at once the house is empty. And we CUT TO:

           INT. SCIPIO’S LAW OFFICE -- SAME TIME

           Scipio sits on the couch, dressed in the same clothes. He’s 
           been there all night. He stares at his crowded wall, full of 
           articles and photographs documenting his accomplishments.

           But in this moment, Scipio looks at them with scorn. He feels 
           like a failure. What has he accomplished, really?
           Scipio hears footsteps coming down the hall. Louis appears in 
           the doorway, exhausted after an all-night train ride.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You look like a man who hasn’t 
                        slept in days.

                                 LOUIS
                             (Nods, then)
                        Now I know how you feel.

           INT. PRISON -- MORNING

           Dempsey sits at his desk, sipping a glass of whiskey. A GUARD 
           comes into the office with a folded-up NEWSPAPER.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Those goddamn fools still outside 
                        in their silly white robes?

           The guard quietly nods and sets the newspaper on the desk. A 
           bold headline declares: LAST HOPE GONE FOR ELAINE MEN! UNITED 
           STATES SUPREME COURT DECLINES TO HEAR PETITION!

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        Well, look at that. Better start
                        prepping the gallows. Looks like 
                        we’re killing some folks tonight.

           The guard stares at Dempsey and quietly nods. Suddenly, they 
           hear a CAR engine outside. They glance out the window--

           INT. MODEL-T DRIVING, PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           Scipio sits in the back as Louis drives towards the prison. 
           Out the window, the klansmen suddenly come into view... 

                                 LOUIS
                        Want me to take you around back?

           Scipio takes a deep breath, then defiantly says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’ve refused to go through the back 
                        door my whole life. I’m not about 
                        to start now.

           Louis nods and smiles with a hint of pride. He steps on the 
           gas, accelerating towards the mass of white hoods--

           EXT. PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           The klansmen step back as the car pulls up and stops. They 
           watch in stunned disbelief as Scipio climbs out. 
           Scipio holds their gaze and then makes his way through the 
           crowd, parting a sea of white hoods like Moses himself... 

                                 KLANSMAN
                             (Sneers)
                        ‘Goddamn nigger.

           Scipio stops in his tracks and slowly turns around. He stares 
           at the klansman...and notices the man’s hand is shaking.

           Scipio shifts his gaze, staring out at the crowd. And in this 
           moment, something should be clear: in the light of day, these 
           men are cowards. Every last one of them.

           Scipio takes a deep breath and continues on his way, leaving 
           the klansmen behind as he disappears inside the prison.

           INT. PRISON -- DEMPSEY’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Dempsey looks up as Scipio sets a bottle of WHISKEY on his 
           desk. He doesn’t waste any time. He opens it right away.

                                 DEMPSEY
                        I don’t know about you, Judge, but 
                        I’ll sure be glad when this is all 
                        over, as much as I’ve enjoyed these 
                        regular visits of yours.
                             (Pours a drink, then)
                        I put the prisoners in the death 
                        house so they could be with their 
                        families. You’re welcome to stay as 
                        long as you like. Just tell my men 
                        that I said it’s okay.

           Scipio stares at Dempsey and quietly nods, then he turns and 
           leaves to have the most difficult conversation of his life.

           EXT. PRISON YARD -- LATER

           Scipio’s footsteps crunch gravel as he walks across the yard. 
           GUARDS patrolling the area stop and watch him pass by... 

           INT. DEATH HOUSE -- THAT MOMENT

           Robert and Frank sit in silence with the other men and their 
           families. Everyone nervous and on edge. Out the window, they 
           see GUARDS beginning to adjust the NOOSE on the gallows... 

                                 FRANK
                        That can’t be good.

           Robert takes a deep breath and quietly nods. Suddenly, they 
           hear a loud banging. A team of CARPENTERS is working across 
           the yard, building something with plank wood--
                                 FRANK (CONT’D)
                        Now what do you suppose that is?

           Everyone shakes their heads, not sure they want to know. And 
           then Robert turns...and sees Scipio at the door--

                                 ROBERT
                        Mr. Jones!

           Scipio waits for a GUARD to unlock the gate, then steps into 
           the cell. Everyone gathers around him, excited and hopeful.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Everyone alright?

                                 ROBERT
                        They just moved us out here. Nobody 
                        will tell us anything. What’s going 
                        on, Mr. Jones? What’s happening?

           Scipio stares at Robert, then glances around the room. He has 
           no idea how to say this. So he just comes out and says it.

                                 SCIPIO
                        The United States Supreme Court has 
                        declined to hear our appeal.

                                 ROBERT
                             (Stunned)
                        What does that mean?

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Hesitates)
                        It means the lower court’s decision 
                        will stand. Your convictions have 
                        all been upheld, barring some last 
                        minute intervention.

           Suddenly, you could hear a pin drop in the room. The families 
           begin to tremble as it dawns on them what this means.

                                 FRANK
                        And the executions?

           Scipio glances over at Frank, it kills him to say this--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Carried out as scheduled.

                                 ROBERT
                        But...that’s a few hours from now.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know. I’m sorry.
           Robert stares at Scipio, at a loss. We hear grief-stricken 
           cries throughout the room. And then, worst of all--

                                 YOUNG BOY (O.S.)
                        No! They can’t kill my daddy! They 
                        can’t! They can’t!

           Scipio slowly turns and glances across the room. He sees Mary 
           cradling her young son. The boy is staring right at him--

                                 YOUNG BOY (CONT’D)
                        Tell them! Tell them they can’t!

           Scipio stares at the boy and then walks across the room. He 
           kneels down so he can look the child right in the eye--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I know you’re scared. Remember when 
                        you were lost in the woods? You 
                        were probably scared then, too. You 
                        probably thought you’d never see 
                        your mom or dad again. 
                             (Nods at Mary & Frank)
                        But look, there they are. 

           Scipio takes a deep breath and reaches into his pocket. He 
           takes out Emmanuel’s medal, offering it as a gift-- 

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Don’t give up on me, yet.

           The young boy stares at Scipio and quietly nods. He reaches 
           out and takes the medal. His crying stops for a moment.

           Scipio rises to his feet and glances around the room, then he 
           heads for the door, passing Robert along the way--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        I’ll be back in a few hours.

           Robert nods and Scipio is suddenly gone. The bars slam shut 
           once again, leaving the prisoners and their families alone.

           Everyone stands frozen, in deep silence and barely able to 
           breath. They hear the banging noise once again. 

                                 FRANK
                        I think I know what those boys are 
                        building outside.
                             (a moment, then)
                        Our coffins.

           REVEAL: The carpenters step back and, sure enough, we see 
           twelve pinewood COFFINS stacked in the prison yard.
           EXT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- EVENING

           Carl opens the door and finds Scipio standing on the porch. 
           The valet shakes his head, holding up his hands--

                                 CARL
                        Please, Mr. Jones. I’m not supposed 
                        to let you in here.

           But Scipio charges right past him and into the house--

           INT. MCRAE’S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER

           McRae is pacing around the room with a PHONE to his ear. Out 
           the window, we can see fires burning at the prison.

                                 MCRAE (INTO PHONE)
                        Jim, there has to be something in 
                        the state constitution that allows 
                        an election to be delayed. Just 
                        find me something we can use and 
                        get back to me. No excuses.

           As McRae hangs up, the door opens behind him. He turns and 
           sees Scipio in his office. His eyes suddenly narrow--

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Carl! Carl!
                             (then, to Scipio)
                        I have nothing to say to you.

           McRae charges to the door and peers into the hall, frustrated 
           to find Carl nowhere in sight. He heads back to his desk... 

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        You know, you’ve got some nerve 
                        showing your face here. Thanks to 
                        you, I might lose the election. 
                             (Nods out the window)
                        You brought the Ku Klux Klan right 
                        into Little Rock!

                                 SCIPIO
                        You think they weren’t already 
                        here? Governor, please. They just 
                        decided to put hoods on.

           McRae scoffs and shuffles some papers around his desk, hoping 
           that Scipio will just leave. Instead, he steps closer.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        Governor, I don’t like being here 
                        anymore than you do. But I’m out of 
                        time. I need your help. 
                                 MCRAE
                        I should’ve known. You’re all the 
                        same. You know that? Every last one 
                        of you. We had a deal, remember? I 
                        said I’d get you a quick hearing 
                        with McCullough and, in return, you 
                        wouldn’t ask for a pardon. But that 
                        wasn’t good enough, was it? No, you 
                        always want more. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Forget a pardon. Just give me some 
                        time. Issue a stay. Please.

                                 MCRAE
                        On what grounds?! You took the case 
                        to the United States Supreme Court 
                        and they ruled against you! What on 
                        earth do you want me to do now?

                                 SCIPIO
                        The right thing.

                                 MCRAE
                             (Stunned)
                        The right thing?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yes. The right thing. For once in 
                        your life. You never know, it might 
                        end up being a winning strategy.

           McRae stares at Scipio with exasperation and disbelief, then 
           he comes around the desk, like a tiger about to attack--

                                 MCRAE
                        Yeah? How’s it worked for you? 
                        Thirty years of doing the right 
                        thing and what has it gotten you? 
                        You know, if it’d been up to you, 
                        we’d have been co-counsel during 
                        the segregation trials. We would’ve 
                        lost, I’d never become governor, 
                        and the Dunbar neighborhood you and 
                        every black professional likes to 
                        call home would be nothing but a 
                        fantasy. This is your problem, 
                        Scipio. Always has been. You let 
                        the perfect be the enemy of the 
                        good. You’re a purist. Strident and 
                        unrealistic. Like Icarus, himself. 
                        You shoot for the stars and then 
                        feign moral outrage when you come 
                        crashing back to Earth. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCRAE (CONT'D)
                        The right thing? I’m the governor 
                        of a major state. It’s easy for you 
                        to climb on a soap box. For me, 
                        it’s a little more complicated.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Is it? Or is that just the excuse?
                        Governor, lives are at stake. Those 
                        men all have families and children. 
                        You’ve seen the evidence, you know 
                        they’re innocent. You knew Emmanuel 
                        West was, too. Doesn’t any of that 
                        weigh on you?

           McRae stares at Scipio for a long, hard beat. And then coldly 
           repeats the same line he gave him back at his party--

                                 MCRAE
                        They had their day in court. The 
                        jury didn’t agree. Sometimes the 
                        law just has to take its course. 
                        That’s how it goes.

                                 SCIPIO
                        You gave me your word.

                                 MCRAE
                        I did no such thing. I told you I’d 
                        do my best. And I have. Which is a 
                        hell of a lot more than I can say 
                        for you. There will be no pardons 
                        for the Elaine men. Now, please, 
                        get the hell out of my office.

           Scipio takes a deep breath, then turns and leaves. And the 
           moment he’s gone, the governor looks down -- ashamed. 

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- EVENING

           Scipio sits at a desk in his house, talking on the phone. The 
           grim look on his face tells us the call isn’t going well--

                                 SCIPIO
                        I understand, Senator. But if you 
                        could just call the governor and--
                             (Listens a moment, then)
                        No, I understand. Yes, sir. Thank 
                        you for your time.

           Scipio hangs up and sits quietly, in a daze. This is really 
           going to happen, isn’t it? Those men are going to die.

           Scipio startles as the phone rings again. He catches his 
           breath and picks up the receiver, placing it to his ear--
                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        Hello?

                                 WHITE (ON PHONE)
                        I hear that misery loves company. 
                        Thought I’d call to commiserate. 

           REVEAL: Walter White calling from NAACP HEADQUARTERS in New 
           York, a sympathetic but sad smile on his face. INTERCUT:

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        I don’t suppose you have any cards 
                        to play with our governor?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        No, afraid not. All of our chips 
                        are going to have to be played in 
                        Tulsa, now. We just got word that 
                        the black neighborhood there was 
                        burned to the ground. 

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Why?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Details are still coming in, but 
                        I’m sure it’ll be like the others. 
                        One more in a long list. The Red 
                        Summer continues.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                             (a moment, then)
                        But it’s fall, now.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Yeah, well, the way this country’s 
                        going, looks like we’re going to 
                        make a year out of it.

           Scipio shakes his head with a sad, fearful sigh--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        We might be next, I’m afraid.
                             (a moment, then)
                        What about the anti-lynching bill 
                        you were putting before Congress?

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE)
                        Dead. Senate Democrats filibustered 
                        it. The silver lining is that our 
                        membership has doubled, but that’s 
                        little consolation for the men who 
                        are about to lose their lives. 
                             (a moment, then)
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE) (CONT'D)
                        If it makes you feel any better, 
                        Moorfield Storey was excited about 
                        the case. We took a look at the 
                        brief. You did a hell of a job.

           Scipio manages a faint smile, but it’s salt in the wound.

                                 WHITE (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D)
                        Hey, buck up. This won’t be the 
                        last time black men are killed in 
                        pursuit of justice. The fight goes 
                        on, the war goes on. 
                             (then, pointedly)
                        There will be other cases, Scipio.

           Scipio takes a deep breath and quietly nods. But he doesn’t 
           want to hear that. This is the case. There is no other.

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Thanks for the call.

           Scipio hangs up and sits quietly for a moment. And then, in a 
           fit of rage, he knocks everything on his desk to the floor.

           INT. NAACP OFFICES (NEW YORK) -- SAME TIME

           White hangs up the phone and glances across the room. And we 
           suddenly reveal that he’s not the only one there--

           MOORFIELD STOREY (78) is standing by the window, arms folded 
           and almost in silhouette. He stares at White and asks--

                                 STOREY
                        Think he’ll be able to let this go?

           White stares at Storey for a moment and then glances down at 
           the phone. And we can tell: he’s really not sure. 

           INT. PRISON -- SAME TIME

           Robert, Frank, and the families all sit in silence, listening 
           to the terrible sound of hammers building their coffins...

                                 ROBERT
                        God in heaven, I’m sorry. I’m so 
                        sorry I got you all into this.

           Everyone stares at Robert, not sure what to say. And then 
           Frank charges to the window and shouts to the carpenters--

                                 FRANK
                        Hey! Just thought you should know 
                        you’re wasting your time building 
                        those coffins!
           The carpenters stare at him, confused. Frank glances back at 
           the families. And believe it or not, he really said this--

                                 FRANK (CONT’D)
                        Mr. Jones is not going to let us 
                        die.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- SAME TIME

           Scipio is cleaning up the mess he just made. As he picks up a 
           book, he hears a familiar voice at the door--

                                 LILLIE (O.S.)
                        You should be in bed.

           Scipio turns and sees Lillie, looking beautiful and calm. She 
           comes over and smiles, gently caressing his face--

                                 LILLIE (CONT’D)
                        I told you before, I wish you 
                        wouldn’t keep these hours. 

           Scipio stares at her and manages a faint smile, but his mind 
           is consumed with darkness. He suddenly blurts out--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Do you ever wish you'd married 
                        somebody else?

                                 LILLIE
                             (Stunned)
                        What?

           Scipio takes a deep breath, almost at the point of tears. He 
           sits down and looks up at her. It all comes pouring out-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t know what life will be like 
                        for us after this. The Klan is back 
                        in Little Rock. McRae may lose the 
                        election. We might have to sell the 
                        house. I don’t know if I’ll even be 
                        able to work. I’m so sorry. It’s 
                        all my fault. I should’ve listened 
                        to you. I’m such a fool. I wagered 
                        everything on a miracle.

                                 LILLIE
                             (a moment, then)
                        But your whole life is a miracle.

           And Scipio suddenly flinches as that comment lands. Lillie 
           leans over him, her voice rising to a ferocious resolve--
                                 LILLIE (CONT’D)
                        I fell in love with you because I 
                        could see in your eyes the will to 
                        make the impossible happen. And 
                        now, because of you, there is a 
                        black middle class in this city, 
                        the likes of which exists nowhere 
                        else in the South. There is a young 
                        girl at college whose grandparents 
                        were slaves. And there are twelve 
                        men fighting for their lives who 
                        otherwise would already be dead. So 
                        when you call yourself a fool and a 
                        failure, I have no idea what in 
                        God’s name you could possibly mean. 
                             (a moment, then)
                        Sell the house if you have to. It’s 
                        only bricks and boards. Empty our 
                        bank accounts, too. Just promise me 
                        you’ll do one thing in return.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What’s that?

                                 LILLIE
                             (Dramatic Beat)
                        Win. 

           And on that defiant note, Lillie turns and walks out of the 
           room; leaving Scipio with a renewed sense of purpose. 

           INT. PRISON -- SAME TIME

           Dempsey pours himself another drink and lights a cigar. He 
           goes to the open window and peers outside, watching as his 
           men continue to work prepping the gallows...

                                 GUARD
                        Just about ready, Warden!

           Dempsey nods and then gulps down his drink. He glances down 
           at his watch. It’s getting to be about time.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- SAME TIME

           Scipio is still cleaning his office. Only now, after Lillie’s 
           speech, we sense the wheels in his mind are turning. 

           Scipio leans over and picks up a book entitled: ENGLISH LAW. 
           His eyes suddenly narrow. He sits at his desk. And we begin 
           to hear FLASHBACK VOICEOVERS, starting with Robert Hill--

                                 ROBERT (V.O.)
                        So what happened?
                                 SCIPIO (V.O.)
                        Slaughterhouse vs. Louisiana.

                                 ROBERT (V.O.)
                        A jurisdiction case under the guise 
                        of 14th Amendment? That’s absurd.

                                 SCIPIO (V.O.)
                        I agree. So did the Supreme Court. 
                        They ruled against the butchers in 
                        a 5-4 decision, stating that while 
                        citizens are entitled to certain 
                        rights under the constitution, it 
                        is up to the individual states to 
                        guarantee those rights.

           Scipio begins to flip through the book. And as he frantically 
           turns pages, we hear Martineau’s voice from earlier-- 

                                 MARTINEAU (V.O.)
                        If the case was about jurisdiction, 
                        if it was some property dispute or 
                        civil forfeiture, I’d gladly rule 
                        in your favor. But in criminal 
                        court, I’d be bound by precedent. 

           Scipio keeps turning pages as we hear Robert again--

                                 ROBERT (V.O.)
                        If one case can change history, 
                        doesn’t it stand to reason another 
                        could change it back?

           Scipio smiles faintly and we hear his voice a final time--

                                 SCIPIO (V.O.)
                        Doubtful. Once established, legal 
                        precedents are almost impossible to 
                        overturn. This is bedrock principle 
                        dating clear back to English Law.

           Scipio suddenly stops, a flash of inspiration in his eyes. He 
           takes a deep breath, then grabs the phone and dials--

                                 SCIPIO (INTO PHONE)
                        Louis, get over here right away.

           Scipio hangs up and threads paper into his typewriter. We PAN 
           OVER to the book, revealing a page that reads: HABEAS CORPUS.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- KITCHEN -- LATER

           Lillie is at the counter, making coffee. She suddenly hears 
           the TYPEWRITER upstairs and goes to investigate...
           INT. JONES HOUSE -- OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS

           Scipio is punching keys as fast as he possibly can. Lillie 
           comes in and leans over him, reading out loud--

                                 LILLIE
                        Writ of Habeas Corpus?
                             (then, confused)
                        Scipio...what is this?

           Scipio rips the page from the typewriter and looks up--

                                 SCIPIO
                        A miracle, I hope.

           Suddenly, a car honks outside. Scipio grabs his coat. Lillie 
           watches him charge out the door -- beaming with pride.

           INT. DEMPSEY’S OFFICE -- SAME TIME

           Dempsey pours another drink and gulps it down. He suddenly 
           hears a knock at the door. A GUARD pokes his head in--

                                 GUARD
                        Warden? It’s midnight.

                                 DEMPSEY
                             (Checks his watch)
                        So it is. Alright, let’s go.

           INT. MARTINEAU’S HOME -- MOMENTS LATER

           Martineau stumbles disoriented through his house, having just 
           been awoken. Someone is knocking urgently on his front door--

                                 SCIPIO (O.S.)
                        John...! It’s me! Open up!

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Scipio? Hold on a moment...

           Martineau unlocks his door. Scipio bursts inside--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thank God you’re home. I need your 
                        help. Or just a signature will do.

           Scipio hands Martineau the order. Martineau seems confused--

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Habeas Corpus...?
                             (then, realizing)
                        Scipio, tell me you’re not actually 
                        suggesting what I think you are.
           INT. PRISON -- SAME TIME

           The families scream as GUARDS come into the cell and start 
           pulling the prisoners away from their children...

                                 GUARD
                        Time’s up! C’mon, let’s go.

           Robert Hill is hauled outside along with other men. The guard 
           finally reaches Frank. His son grabs his leg, tightly.

                                 YOUNG BOY
                        Don’t hurt my daddy!

           The guard rips the boy away and practically hurls him to the 
           floor. But Mary is there to catch him. They sob together as 
           Frank and the other men are led out to the gallows...

           INT. MARTINEAU’S OFFICE -- SAME TIME

           Scipio and Martineau are in the midst of a heated debate--

                                 MARTINEAU
                        Scipio, you’re asking for something 
                        that is a violation of my mandate 
                        as a chancery court judge.

                                 SCIPIO
                        English Law, upon which our entire 
                        legal system is based, states that 
                        if a prisoner is held unjustly and 
                        without cause, then the state loses 
                        jurisdiction over his body. Habeas 
                        Corpus. It supersedes everything. 

                                 MARTINEAU
                        No, it doesn’t. Because that is not 
                        the way this country has chosen to 
                        interpret that law. No prisoner has 
                        ever been granted relief citing 
                        habeas corpus and for good reason.

                                 SCIPIO
                        John, I don’t have time to argue. 
                        You told me that if I could make 
                        the case about jurisdiction, you’d 
                        help me. I need you to prove that 
                        you’re a man of your word.

                                 MARTINEAU
                        I could be disbarred for this. We 
                        both could. Do you understand? 
                             (then, almost shouting)
                        I could lose my job. 
                                 SCIPIO
                        So get a different one. I’m so sick 
                        of hearing that excuse. Get a job 
                        that allows you to look at yourself 
                        in the mirror every morning. You’re 
                        a good man, John. I have to believe 
                        there are more important things for 
                        you to be doing than overseeing 
                        property disputes.

                                 MARTINEAU
                             (Overwhelmed)
                        Scipio...this isn’t even legal.

           Scipio stares at Martineau and gives him the simple truth--

                                 SCIPIO
                        We’re not talking about what’s 
                        legal. We’re talking about right 
                        and wrong. 

           Martineau stares at Scipio and lets out a deep sigh. Scipio 
           offers him a pen. Martineau hesitates...and then takes it.

           EXT. MARTINEAU’S HOME -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio bursts out of the house with the signed order in hand, 
           jumping into the car as Louis peels away from the curb...

           EXT. PRISON YARD -- SAME TIME

           Dempsey and the guards watch as the prisoners are led across 
           the yard. The families stand nearby, sobbing. Some of them 
           fall to their knees. Others have to be restrained.

           Robert climbs the stairs first and gets positioned over the 
           trap door. The noose is slipped around his neck... 

           Frank watches with steely resolve, then glances at his wife 
           and son. The look in his eyes says: “I love you so much.”

           Mary nods in return and then we PAN DOWN to her son, staring 
           at his father...and clutching Emmanuel West’s medal.

           EXT. MODEL-T DRIVING, PRISON -- THAT MOMENT

           Louis has the pedal to the floor, going as fast as they can. 
           The prison comes into view, along with a mass of klansmen...

                                 LOUIS
                        Want to go around back this once?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Goddamn right I do.
           EXT. PRISON (BACK ENTRANCE) -- CONTINUOUS

           Louis pulls up and Scipio jumps out of the car, racing past a 
           GUARD who recognizes him and quickly lets him through--

                                 GUARD
                        Better hurry, Judge. They’ve 
                        already started.

           EXT. PRISON YARD -- THAT MOMENT

           A GUARD on the platform tightens the noose around Robert’s 
           neck. He gasps and chokes. Just like Emmanuel West did.

                                 GUARD
                             (To Robert)
                        Any last words?

           Robert starts to hyperventilate, completely overwhelmed. The 
           guard doesn’t wait. He grabs the lever, about to pull--

                                 SCIPIO (O.S.)
                        Stop!

           Everyone turns as Scipio appears. He takes a deep breath and 
           walks over to Dempsey, holding up Martineau’s order--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        I have a signed order halting the 
                        execution of these men.

           There are gasps of relief from the families, incredulity from 
           the guards. Frank glances at his son: “See? I told you.”

                                 GUARD
                             (Stunned)
                        A signed order? From who?

                                 SCIPIO
                        John Martineau.

                                 GUARD
                        Martineau? He’s a chancery court 
                        judge. He has no jurisdiction!

                                 SCIPIO
                        He begs to differ. So do I.

           Dempsey stares at Scipio and finally snatches the order from 
           his hands. He begins to read it in quiet disbelief--

                                 DEMPSEY
                        Habeas Corpus? What the hell?
                             (then, reading further)
                                 (MORE)
                                 DEMPSEY (CONT'D)
                        Warden Dempsey is hereby ordered to 
                        appear in court and show cause for 
                        the imprisonment of--of-- 

           Dempsey’s voice trails off as he suddenly realizes what this 
           is. He looks up at Scipio and almost seems betrayed.

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        You’re charging me with a crime? 
                        Have you lost your mind? You’re the 
                        one who brought these prisoners to 
                        me in the first place!

                                 GUARD
                        That order will be tossed out. This 
                        is all just a big stunt. I don’t 
                        know about you, Warden, but I say 
                        we go ahead with the execution.

                                 SCIPIO
                        That would be a mistake. Every man 
                        in here would be held in contempt 
                        of court for ignoring a judge’s 
                        orders, not to mention face 
                        possible murder charges for the 
                        deaths of twelve innocent men.

           Everyone stares at Scipio, absolutely floored. One of the 
           guards suddenly snaps, snarling as he says--

                                 GUARD
                        Who does this nigger think he is?

           Something about the way he says it sucks the oxygen out of 
           the room. Scipio slowly turns and looks right at him-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        How about I haul your ass into 
                        court Monday morning, we can find 
                        out together?

                                 DEMPSEY
                             (Shouting)
                        Enough!

           Everyone looks at Dempsey. The warden shakes his head. And 
           then he takes in the extraordinary scene around him-- 

           One prisoner already on the scaffolding with a rope around 
           his neck, the others being restrained with their families, a 
           sea of KLANSMEN right outside the prison gates... 

           And Scipio Africanus Jones, a man he’s known for over thirty 
           years. Now itching for a fight and no longer a friend. 
                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        Well, well, Judge Jones. I always 
                        wondered when you were going to 
                        start burning your bridges.
                             (then, to the guards)
                        Put ‘em back in their cells.

           The guards all moan in protest. Scipio lets out a deep sigh, 
           watching with relief as the prisoners are led away... 

           Dempsey stares at Scipio, seething with rage. In this moment, 
           we sense: things will never be the same between them again.

                                 DEMPSEY (CONT’D)
                        I guess I’ll see you in court on 
                        Monday. Until then, get the hell 
                        out of my prison. Right now.

           Scipio nods and slowly turns to leave. The families stare at 
           him, gratefully. Frank Moore’s son has tears in his eyes. 

           But the guards now view Scipio as an enemy, we can see it in 
           their eyes. It’s a much different walk than before. There are 
           no farewells, no lit cigars, no talk of family or friends.

           Just a bunch of stone cold stares as the Negro lawyer passes 
           through the gates and stumbles wearily into the night.

           INT. MCRAE’S OFFICE -- MORNING

           McRae slams a NEWSPAPER down on his desk, staring at the 
           front page. He can’t believe it. The headline declares: 

           CHANCERY JUDGE JOHN MARTINEAU TEMPORARILY HALTS EXECUTION OF 
           ELAINE PRISONERS WITH HABEAS CORPUS PETITION!

           McRae pushes the paper away and sits back in his chair. And a 
           look in his eye lets us know: his fate might be sealed.

           INT. ARKANSAS SUPREME COURT -- MORNING

           If you thought the last hearing was crowded, this is another 
           level. Every seat is filled. CROWDS stand in the back. 

           Scipio and Martineau sit at the appellants’ table, Utley and 
           Dempsey across the aisle; McCullough and the other judges up 
           at the bench, staring out in stunned disbelief.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Well, Judge Jones, you’ve certainly 
                        turned this into quite the little 
                        circus, haven’t you?

           Scipio doesn’t wait for censure, he rises to his feet--
                                 SCIPIO
                        Your Honor, my clients have been 
                        deprived of their rights and are 
                        about to be deprived of their very 
                        lives in clear violation of the 
                        United States Constitution.

           Utley feigns disbelief as Scipio goes to the podium with a 
           book in hand, entitled: UNITED STATES STATUTES AT LARGE. 

           As Scipio turns to a marked page, the door behind him cracks 
           open. And Governor McRae slips quietly into the courtroom.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        I draw this court’s attention to 
                        the Habeas Corpus Act of 1867, 
                        which states that courts shall have 
                        the power to grant writs of habeas 
                        corpus in any cases where any 
                        person has been restrained of his 
                        or her liberty without due process.

                                 UTLEY
                        Within their jurisdiction.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Your Honor, this statute predates 
                        every precedent that was cited in 
                        denying my clients’ appeal, the 
                        facts of which, I’d remind this 
                        court, the state of Arkansas has 
                        acknowledged to be true.

           Utley can’t take it anymore, he leaps to his feet--

                                 UTLEY
                        Your Honor-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        We’re doing the interrupting thing 
                        again, huh?

                                 UTLEY
                        The very statute Jones cites 
                        specifically states that judges 
                        must act within their jurisdiction. 
                        Chancellor Martineau violated his, 
                        both ethically and legally. This is 
                        a delay tactic, nothing more. Judge 
                        Jones is attempting to substitute 
                        habeas corpus for a writ of error, 
                        all on a wing and a prayer so that 
                        his clients might avoid meeting the 
                        wrong end of the hangman’s noose. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 UTLEY (CONT'D)
                        I refer the court back to our 
                        initial demurrer. This is a federal 
                        statute. It has no application in 
                        state court. We ask that you not 
                        only quash the petition, but also 
                        sanction both Judge Jones and 
                        Chancellor Martineau for taking 
                        such an action. These are turbulent 
                        times, with tensions running high 
                        and the future of Arkansas possibly 
                        at stake. It would seem these men 
                        are perfectly happy to throw the 
                        whole system into disarray for 
                        their own selfish purposes. It’s 
                        unacceptable. And it can not stand. 

           McCullough sighs and looks out into the crowd. He sees McRae 
           near the back. The two men lock eyes for a moment.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        The court agrees.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Your Honor--

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Judge Jones, I’ve heard about as 
                        much from you as I can stand, so do 
                        us all a favor and just stop. The 
                        actions undertaken by both you and 
                        Chancellor Martineau were entirely 
                        inappropriate. The ruling of this 
                        court is unanimous. The chancery 
                        court is without jurisdiction. The 
                        habeas corpus petition is quashed, 
                        and Judge Jones and Chancellor 
                        Martineau shall be referred to the 
                        Arkansas Bar Association for ethics 
                        sanctioning, as well.

           McCullough raises his gavel. But Scipio isn’t done--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Permission to petition the United 
                        States Supreme Court, your Honor.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        For a habeas corpus petition?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yes, your Honor, as is our right 
                        under the U.S. Constitution.

           McCullough glances at his associate justices, then--
                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        And if we refuse?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Then I’d urge the court to be 
                        prepared to show cause, or else get 
                        ready to face ethics violations and 
                        possible sanctioning, themselves.

           McCullough stares at Scipio, then glances back at McRae. The 
           governor’s face is grim. Knowing what this could mean.

                                 MCCULLOUGH
                        Congratulations, Judge. You bought 
                        your clients a few extra weeks. And 
                        all it cost was your reputation and 
                        possibly your law license.
                             (As he raises his gavel)
                        The court grants five days to 
                        appeal the United States Supreme 
                        Court. The execution shall be 
                        rescheduled for November 15th... 
                             (then, glancing at McRae)
                        ...after which, I’m sure many of us 
                        will be in need of a long vacation.

           McCullough pounds his gavel. The crowd begins to leave. McRae 
           lowers his head in the back, sensing his goose may be cooked.

           Scipio gives Martineau a look: “Thank you.” Then he shoots a 
           look to the balcony, where he sees Mary with her son. 

           Scipio gives them a firm nod, then charges out of court; fast 
           and with great urgency. There isn’t a moment to lose.  

           INT. SCIPIO’S OFFICE -- EVENING

           Scipio puts the habeas corpus petition in the same messenger 
           bag as before and hands it to Louis, quietly remarking--

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Sorry to keep sending you on these 
                        long overnight trips.

                                 LOUIS
                        That’s alright. We submitting to 
                        Holmes again?

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yes. And Louis? 
                             (a moment, then)
                        Tell him we’re counting on him.

           Louis stares at Scipio and nods, then turns and leaves.
           INT. PRISON -- AFTERNOON

           A GUARD stands at the gate, watching Dempsey climb out of his 
           car. The yard is now empty. The klansmen have all gone.

                                 GUARD
                        How’d the hearing go?

                                 DEMPSEY
                        How do you think?

           The guard smiles at Dempsey, motioning to the yard--

                                 GUARD
                        Where do you suppose everyone went?

                                 DEMPSEY
                             (a moment, then)
                        Where else? To vote.

           EXT. LITTLE ROCK (SERIES OF SHOTS):

           WHITE PEOPLE throughout the city line up at various POLLING 
           STATIONS to cast their BALLOTS, all of them stone-faced and 
           resolute. And back to wearing normal clothes.

           Across the street, disenfranchised BLACKS watch, weary and 
           afraid. Wondering what the future could possibly hold. 

           But as we PAN ACROSS their faces, we should see something in 
           their eyes. Fear, yes. But also defiance, as well.

           INT. DINER -- MORNING (DAYS LATER)

           Scipio sits in the same diner where he met Walter White, now 
           seated in the colored section. And this time, it’s crowded.

           Earl comes over and, once again, fills Scipio’s cup up with 
           COFFEE. Scipio notices that his hand is trembling--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Thanks, Earl.

           Earl nods and then walks away, leaving us to wonder if he was 
           the klansman who called Scipio a nigger back at the prison. 

           Scipio shakes it off and glances down at his NEWSPAPER. He 
           unfolds the front page, revealing a bold headline--

           UPSET AT THE POLLS! TERRAL BEATS MCRAE! NEW GOVERNOR PROMISES 
           SWIFT EXECUTION OF ELAINE RIOTERS AFTER TAKING OFFICE!

           Scipio takes a deep breath, his eyes flicker a bit. He stares 
           at the newspaper quietly. And then he looks up--
           Scipio sees black people in the diner all giving him the same 
           defiant look: “Enough of this shit. Let’s keep fighting.”

           Scipio holds their gaze and firmly nods. The moment lingers 
           and stretches. And then we hear a familiar voice--

                                 WHITE (O.S.)
                        McRae lost, huh?

           Scipio turns and sees Walter White approaching his table. He 
           looks out of place in the colored section of the diner-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Yep. After all that, it wasn’t even 
                        close. Everyone endorsed by the 
                        Klan got swept into office.
                             (a moment, then)
                        You on your way somewhere?

           White nods and takes a seat at Scipio’s table.

                                 WHITE
                        Yeah, Tulsa. Remember? Got a few 
                        hours before my next train, thought 
                        I’d see how you’re doing. When you 
                        weren’t at your office, I figured 
                        I’d take a chance and come here.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Is Tulsa as bad as they say?

           White gives Scipio a grim look and nods: “Worse.”

                                 WHITE
                        An entire black community leveled 
                        to the ground. Even firebombed it 
                        with planes. Somewhere between two 
                        and three hundred Negroes killed. 
                        Might be worse than Elaine when all 
                        the bodies are finally counted. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Why?

                                 WHITE
                        Supposedly a Negro bell boy tripped 
                        and bumped into a white woman.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Stunned)
                        That’s it?

                                 WHITE
                        That’s it. Don’t look so surprised.
           Scipio stares at White, not sure what to say. He glances down 
           at the newspaper once again. And finally, he says--

                                 SCIPIO
                        It’s been such a horrible year.

                                 WHITE
                        Yeah. And just think, it isn’t even 
                        Christmas. There are some dark days 
                        for the Negro ahead, I’m afraid.

           Scipio stares at White and quietly nods. And then he notices 
           black people in the diner staring at White with suspicion-- 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Is it hard straddling two worlds?

                                 WHITE
                             (Shrugs, “I dunno.”)
                        At times, I guess. When I was a boy 
                        growing up in Atlanta, the census 
                        bureau listed me as white. I could 
                        live my whole life that way, if I 
                        wanted. No one would be the wiser.

                                 SCIPIO
                        So why don’t you?

                                 WHITE
                        I imagine for the same reason you 
                        don’t practice law up north.

           Scipio stares at White and quietly nods. And we sense, in 
           this moment, that the two men understand each other. 

                                 SCIPIO
                        I should get back to the office. 
                        I’m expecting a call from Louis.

           White suddenly seems confused, he nods across the diner--

                                 WHITE
                        Isn’t that him right there?

           Scipio turns and is shocked to see Louis coming into the 
           diner. He races towards their table. Urgent. Excited.

                                 SCIPIO
                        What are you doing here?

           Louis has to catch his breath. Finally, he says--

                                 LOUIS
                        I took the train through the night.
           Louis smiles and then offers Scipio the envelope--

                                 LOUIS (CONT’D)
                        So I could give you this myself.

           Scipio stares at Louis, stunned. He tears open the envelope. 
           The look on his face tells us everything we need to know.

                                 WHITE
                        What does it say?

           Scipio hands White the envelope, already standing to leave--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Call Storey.

           And without another word, Scipio charges out the door. White 
           quickly reads the letter...and then looks up in disbelief.

           INT. GOVERNOR’S MANSION -- AFTERNOON

           Carl opens the door and suddenly smiles. This time, he gladly 
           steps aside so that Scipio can come into the house-- 

           The two men share a glance, then Scipio heads down the hall. 
           As he approaches McRae’s office, we start to hear screaming--

                                 UTLEY (O.S.)
                        That goddamn Scipio Africanus Jones 
                        has played us all for fools! He is 
                        taking this case all the way to the 
                        United States Supreme Court!

           The screaming gets louder as Scipio draws near. All the black 
           servants smile, with a look that says: “Holy shit, dude.”

                                 UTLEY (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        Governor, with respect, something 
                        has to be done! We can’t just sit 
                        back and allow that nigger lawyer 
                        to embarrasses our great state!

           Scipio comes down a familiar hallway and gently opens the 
           door, stepping lightly into Governor McRae’s office--

           INT. MCRAE’S OFFICE -- CONTINUOUS

           McRae is sitting at his desk, talking to Utley and Miller. He 
           sees Scipio right away. Utley and Miller do not.

                                 UTLEY (CONT’D)
                        It isn’t enough to sanction him or 
                        even have him disbarred. That black 
                        bastard should be rotting in jail!
           McRae smiles and motions over Utley’s shoulder. He and Miller 
           turn and suddenly freeze, seeing Scipio at the door. 

                                 MCRAE
                        I’m not sure what you expect me to 
                        do, Mr. Utley. I suggest you take 
                        the matter up with my successor.

           Utley stares at McRae and then storms out of the room. Miller 
           follows close behind. They both pass Scipio by the door--

                                 SCIPIO
                        See you in Washington.

           The door slams shut and Scipio and McRae are suddenly alone. 
           A heavy silence between them. And an elephant in the room.

                                 MCRAE
                        A habeas corpus petition and the 
                        United States Supreme Court has 
                        actually agreed to hear it. 
                             (then, marveling)
                        I’m not sure what to say.

                                 SCIPIO
                             (Smiles, then)
                        How are you doing, Governor?

           McRae takes a deep breath and swivels in his chair, glancing 
           around the office he’ll soon be forced to leave. 

                                 MCRAE
                        I don’t think it’s really sunk in, 
                        yet. How do you handle it? 

                                 SCIPIO
                        Handle what?

                                 MCRAE
                        Losing when you should’ve won.

           Scipio stares at McRae with a faint, curious smile. Is that a 
           dig? A mea culpa? An olive branch? Or possibly all three?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I try to tell myself there’s peace 
                        in losing...as long as you believe 
                        you’ve done the right thing.

                                 MCRAE
                        Well, I hope that gives you some 
                        comfort when Terral takes over. 
                        Things are about to get a whole lot 
                        worse for you and your people.
                                 SCIPIO
                        Well, won’t be the first time. If 
                        history’s taught us anything, it’s 
                        that sometimes things have to get 
                        worse before they can get better.

           McRae stares up at Scipio, not sure what to say. Scipio pulls 
           a piece of PAPER out his bag...and sets it on the desk--

                                 MCRAE
                             (Confused)
                        What’s this?

                                 SCIPIO
                        A pardon for the men serving time 
                        for the Elaine riot. 

                                 MCRAE
                        You’re joking, right? Why would I 
                        sign this? Their fate is in the 
                        hands of the Supreme Court now.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Only the ones convicted of murder. 
                        There are seventy-five other men 
                        imprisoned on lesser charges. And 
                        you know as well as I do it makes 
                        no sense keeping them locked up if 
                        twelve of their co-defendants go 
                        free. If one of them is innocent, 
                        surely they all are.
                             (McRae starts to object)
                        Governor, you have nothing to lose. 
                        If the Supreme Court rules in our 
                        favor, you’re covered. If not, it’s 
                        a moot point. Now that you’re out 
                        of politics, you’re the freest man 
                        in Arkansas. You can climb on that 
                        soap box with the rest of us. Your 
                        situation is no longer complicated.

           Scipio slides the paper closer and offers McRae a pen. The 
           governor hesitates and we wonder: is he considering it? 

                                 MCRAE
                        Scipio, even if I wanted to, I 
                        simply don’t have the authority to 
                        pardon these men.

                                 SCIPIO
                        That’s not true. You’re still the 
                        governor of Arkansas. You are 
                        literally the only man in the state 
                        who does have that authority. 
                                 MCRAE
                        That doesn’t make it right. For my 
                        entire career, I’ve maintained that 
                        the executive has no business 
                        interfering with the judiciary. 
                        This has been a bedrock principle. 
                        What would my legacy be if I went 
                        back on it now, at this late hour?

           Scipio stares at McRae and quietly shakes his head, marveling 
           at how -- even now -- this man can keep equivocating.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Legacy? Governor, a hundred years 
                        from now, no one will care whether 
                        you practiced judicial consistency. 
                        They’ll care whether you stood on 
                        the side of justice. They’ll care 
                        about the decision you made here 
                        and now. So I’d advise you to think 
                        very carefully before making it.

                                 MCRAE
                        I don’t think you should be doing 
                        this to yourself, Scipio.

                                 SCIPIO
                        Why not?

                                 MCRAE
                        Because we both know you’re not 
                        going to win. The Supreme Court is 
                        split 6-2 on ideological grounds. 
                        Four of the justices are known as 
                        the ‘Horsemen of the Apocalypse.’ 
                        Two are even rumored to be members 
                        of the Klan. In the entire history 
                        of this country, no state prisoner 
                        has ever been granted relief by a 
                        federal court on the grounds that 
                        the trial wasn’t fair. You’re going 
                        up against more than a hundred 
                        years of historical precedent with 
                        nothing but justice on your side 
                        and you’re going to lose, just like 
                        you did with all the others.
                             (Softens a bit, then)
                        Look, the fight you’ve mounted on 
                        behalf of these men has been 
                        nothing short of inspiring. But you 
                        know as well as I do that it was 
                        hopeless from the beginning. 
                             (then, his final answer)
                        I can’t sign this. I’m sorry.
           Scipio nods and takes back the piece of paper. He turns and 
           starts to roam quietly through the office...

                                 SCIPIO
                        “Scipio, you have my word I’ll do 
                        my best.” Isn’t that what you’d 
                        always say, the qualifier you’d 
                        use? How many times, Governor, have 
                        you asked me to be patient through 
                        the years? Next term, you’d say. 
                        “Just give me a little more time.” 
                        Well, here we are. Time’s finally 
                        up. So I’d appreciate an honest 
                        answer. You were never really going 
                        to help me. Were you?

           McRae stares at Scipio for a terrible moment. He has too much 
           respect for him to lie now. So he quietly says--

                                 MCRAE
                        No. I wasn’t.

           Scipio smiles faintly and seems to appreciate the candor. He 
           turns and wanders over to McRae’s vast library of books--

                                 SCIPIO
                        That’s what I thought. I remember 
                        when you first ran for office, I 
                        told Negroes they should vote for 
                        you. The few that still could, that 
                        is. They were skeptical, of course. 
                        But I assured them their fears were 
                        unfounded. Tom McRae may not be one 
                        of us, I said, but he is a man of 
                        his word. You’ll see.
                             (a moment, then)
                        We fought a lot of battles over the 
                        years, Governor, but I want you to 
                        know that I always respected you. 
                        Your devotion to your family, your 
                        progressive outlook on social 
                        issues...your love of history.

           Scipio arrives at a BOOKSHELF and runs his fingers along the 
           spines, stopping at the one McRae offered to him earlier--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        If you could meet one person out of 
                        the past, who would it be?

                                 MCRAE
                             (Shrugs)
                        I don’t know. Julius Caesar, 
                        perhaps. Maybe Robert E. Lee.
                                 SCIPIO
                        Know who I’d pick? My mother.

           McRae flinches and, all at once, the room feels heavy. Scipio 
           turns and comes back over, sitting quietly on the couch--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        There’s not much I know about her 
                        for certain. I don’t have a picture 
                        of her or any real memory of what 
                        she looked like. She was born a 
                        slave. She spent her entire life in 
                        chains. Even bringing me into the 
                        world was forced upon her, as you 
                        probably gathered from my light 
                        skin. Her only real act of freedom 
                        was giving me a name. The woman 
                        couldn’t read or write. And yet, 
                        somehow, she’d heard of a Roman 
                        general long ago who’d conquered 
                        the African continent. She could 
                        have named me anything. She chose 
                        to name me after him. I often 
                        wonder if maybe she was trying to 
                        leave me a message the only way she 
                        knew how. Somewhere along the way, 
                        towards the end of the Civil War, 
                        she died. And I was on my own. 
                             (then, growing emotional)
                        I think about her often. Every time 
                        I see a mother walking down the 
                        street with a child, I wonder: who 
                        was she? Deep down. What were her 
                        hopes? What were her dreams? What 
                        were her expectations? What kind of 
                        life did she imagine for her son? 
                        What would she say if she could 
                        peer into the future and see him 
                        practicing law and arguing a case 
                        all the way to the United States 
                        Supreme Court? Would she dare to 
                        imagine such a thing were even 
                        possible? These are questions I’ll 
                        never have the answer to. I don’t 
                        even know where she’s buried. 
                        Somewhere deep in the Mississippi 
                        Delta, I imagine. Along with so 
                        many other Negroes, slaughtered 
                        senselessly through the years, now 
                        forgotten, just as my mother and 
                        the Elaine victims soon will be. 
                             (then, his voice rising)
                        Governor, all I know of my mother 
                        is the name that she gave me. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        But, in a way, I suppose, that’s 
                        everything. Isn’t it?

           Scipio rises from his chair and suddenly seems ten feet tall. 
           He casts a long dark shadow over McRae’s entire desk--

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        You’re going to sign this piece of 
                        paper. For me. For her. For them. 
                        And this time, by God, you are 
                        going to keep your word.

                                 MCRAE
                             (Hesitates)
                        Scipio--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Goddamnit. Are you really going to 
                        make me win each of these cases on 
                        appeal? Because I’ll do it. And so 
                        help me God, I will drag you into 
                        the trenches kicking and screaming. 
                        I will subpoena you at every trial 
                        and litigate your legacy into the 
                        ground. In every courthouse across 
                        the state, they will hear of your 
                        administration’s failings. I will 
                        etch them in stone so your children 
                        and grandchildren can all learn 
                        about how one of the greatest 
                        massacres of innocents our country 
                        has ever seen happened on your 
                        watch. And you stood by and did 
                        nothing about it.

           McRae stares up at Scipio. Stunned. Angry. Afraid.

                                 MCRAE
                        You son of a bitch. Who the hell do 
                        you think you are?

           Scipio heads for the door. McRae leaps to his feet--

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Judge Jones! Scipio...

           But Scipio already has one foot out into the hallway. McRae 
           raises his voice and shouts, firm and unwavering--

                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Mister Jones!

           And Scipio stops dead in his tracks and slowly turns around. 
           McRae stares at him for a long time, then quietly says--
                                 MCRAE (CONT’D)
                        Alright. If the Supreme Court rules 
                        in your favor, I’ll sign the order.
                             (a moment, then)
                        I give you my word.

           Scipio stares at McRae, then nods and leaves. We HOLD on the 
           former governor -- a haunted, bewildered look on his face.

           INT. JONES HOUSE -- EVENING

           Scipio finishes packing and zips his bag shut. He turns and 
           sees Lillie at the door, also with a suitcase in hand.

                                 LILLIE
                        This time, I’m coming with you.

           Scipio stares at her and quietly nods. There’s not going to 
           be any discussion. Nor would he even want one. 

           EXT. UNION STATION (LITTLE ROCK) -- NIGHT

           Scipio and Lillie hop on a TRAIN as it leaves the station... 

           INT. TRAIN (COLORED CAR) -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Lillie find empty seats and settle in for a long 
           night as the train chugs east towards the nation’s capitol... 

           INT. TRAIN (COLORED CAR) -- MORNING

           Scipio is dead asleep against the window. Sunlight hits his 
           face. Lillie nudges him awake and motions: “Look.”

           Scipio sits up and glances outside. And we suddenly see the 
           UNITED STATES CAPITOL BUILDING reflected in the glass.

           EXT. TRAIN STATION -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Lillie come down the platform stairs. Walter White 
           is there waiting for them, along with Moorfield Story--

                                 WHITE
                        Scipio Africanus Jones, allow me to 
                        introduce the NAACP’s founding 
                        president, Moorfield Storey..

           Scipio shakes Storey’s hand, motioning to Lillie--

                                 SCIPIO
                        My wife, Lillie.

                                 STOREY
                        Pleasure to meet you both.
           Lillie stares at Storey with a warm smile, nodding: “You, as 
           well.” Scipio turns to White, rubbing his unshaven face--

                                 SCIPIO
                        Is there a place where I can get 
                        cleaned up?

                                 WHITE
                        Of course. Let’s head on over to 
                        our office. This way.

           Scipio nods and he and Lillie follow White and Storey over to 
           a waiting car, climbing inside as we suddenly CUT TO:

           EXT. NAACP OFFICES -- LATER

           A prominent building on PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE with the famous A 
           MAN WAS LYNCHED TODAY BANNER hanging in the window... 

           INT. HOTEL ROOM -- LATE MORNING

           Scipio comes out of the bathroom having shaved and changed 
           his suit. He takes a few steps, we see the entire room--

           Lillie is sitting at a table with Walter White. Storey is 
           over by the window, reading through Scipio’s brief. 

           The pages tremble slightly in his arthritic hands. But his 
           eyes are focused and his mind seems sharp and clear.

           Storey turns the last page and takes a deep breath. He looks 
           out the window...and then turns to face Scipio--

                                 STOREY
                        This is beautiful work.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I hope you don’t mind, I left my 
                        name on the brief.

                                 STOREY
                        Not at all. You wrote it. And truth 
                        be told, you should be arguing this 
                        case before the Court.

           Scipio quietly nods. It’s true, he should be. But if this is 
           still a source of resentment, he does a good job hiding it.

                                 SCIPIO
                        I’m honored to have you represent 
                        us. Your work as an abolitionist, 
                        founding the NAACP...nobody in the 
                        past fifty years has done more for 
                        Negroes in America.
           Storey stares at Scipio a moment, then quietly smiles--

                                 STOREY
                        Oh, I can think of one.
                             (Motions to the door)
                        Shall we?

           EXT. PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio, Lillie, White, and Storey come outside and walk down 
           Pennsylvania Avenue to the United States Supreme Court. It’s 
           a stunning sequence -- bold and dramatic. 

           Think about Wyatt Earp and his brothers marching towards the 
           OK Corral. This is just as thrilling, with higher stakes.

           EXT. SUPREME COURT -- CONTINUOUS

           Scipio, White, Storey, and Lillie climb the iconic steps of 
           the United States Supreme Court and disappear inside...

           INT. SUPREME COURT -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio and Lillie sit near the back as people file into the 
           courtroom. Grand and majestic. It almost inspires awe. 

           White and Storey are up front at the appellants’ table. Utley 
           and Miller are across the aisle. They watch with reverence as 
           eight SUPREME COURT JUSTICES enter the courtroom--

           WILLIAM HOWARD TAFT (62) takes the center seat, impossible to 
           miss at almost three-hundred pounds. And sitting right beside 
           him is nothing short of an American legend-- 

           OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES (78) is something to behold, regal and 
           handsome in old age. Even if you don’t know him, his thick 
           handlebar mustache should seem familiar and iconic. This is, 
           after all, the greatest jurist in American history. 

           Scipio glances over his shoulder as the proceedings start. We 
           sense he’s waiting for someone else. And then--

           The door softly opens and Hazel appears. She glides down the 
           aisle, looking sophisticated and serene. And we might recall 
           the promise she made earlier to her father. (”I’ll go to the 
           Supreme Court when you argue a case there.”) 

           Scipio smiles as Hazel takes the empty seat right beside him, 
           slipping off her coat and then softly whispering-- 

                                 HAZEL
                        ‘Sorry I’m late, my class ran long. 

           Scipio beams at his daughter, still the light of his life. 
                                 SCIPIO
                        That’s alright. I’m just glad you 
                        could make it.

           Hazel smiles and Scipio puts his arm around her. They glance 
           over at the podium. We see Storey’s argument in progress--

                                 STOREY
                        Mr. Chief Justice, the simple fact 
                        is that no man on the jury could 
                        have voted for acquittal. Large 
                        mobs dominated the proceedings. Had 
                        any of the defendant’s actually 
                        been found not guilty, it is almost 
                        certain they would have never been 
                        allowed to escape with their lives. 

                                 TAFT
                        And it is your contention, Mr. 
                        Storey, that the circumstances 
                        surrounding these trials are such 
                        as to render them invalid and that 
                        this court is obligated to grant 
                        relief to these prisoners under a 
                        petition of habeas corpus?

                                 STOREY
                        Yes, Your Honor. It is.

                                 TAFT
                        You are no doubt aware that this is 
                        a legal request that has never been 
                        granted before, yes?

                                 STOREY
                        Yes, Your Honor. But as we will 
                        show, never has a case come before 
                        this court that involves such 
                        widespread abuse of the law. 
                             (Glances at Utley, then)
                        We have a whole community inflamed 
                        against the defendants, prepared to 
                        lynch them, refraining from doing 
                        so only because of the presence of 
                        the National Guard. We have trials 
                        lasting barely an hour, defense 
                        attorneys failing to properly 
                        represent their clients, refusing 
                        to call any witnesses or ask a 
                        single question during cross-
                        examination. We have false stories 
                        printed in newspapers, witnesses 
                        tortured and compelled on pain of 
                        death to give fabricated testimony. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 STOREY (CONT'D)
                        We have a mass of evidence which 
                        clearly shows, if evidence can show 
                        anything, that the defendants never 
                        had a fair trial and in fact were 
                        innocent and in danger of their 
                        lives, that two or three hundred of 
                        them were probably killed, and as 
                        if that weren’t bad enough, we now 
                        have an incoming governor, rumored 
                        to be a member of the Ku Klux Klan, 
                        who has publicly sworn to kill 
                        these men the moment he comes into 
                        power. These facts are acknowledged 
                        as true by the state. They don’t 
                        contest a single one. And still 
                        they say these men must die.

           Utley can’t take it anymore. He leaps to his feet--

                                 UTLEY
                        Your Honor, I object! These are 
                        outrageous allegations. I’d like it 
                        noted for the record that the state 
                        of Arkansas denies every one!

           But Taft holds up his hand, cutting Utley off. And then, with 
           his other hand, Taft holds up Scipio’s brief--

                                 TAFT
                        But Mr. Utley, you demurred to the 
                        petition, thereby acknowledging the 
                        allegations to be true.

           And hushed murmurs ripple throughout the room. Near the back, 
           Hazel turns and glances at her dad -- beaming with pride.

                                 UTLEY
                             (Stammering)
                        Your Honor...the appellants are 
                        trying to deceive the court. Their 
                        aim is to substitute habeas corpus 
                        for a writ of error, which this 
                        court has previously denied!

                                 TAFT
                        I understand and we’ll hear that 
                        argument shortly, when it’s your 
                        turn to speak. But for now, your 
                        objection is overruled.
                             (then, sharply)
                        Sit down, Mr. Utley.

           Utley slumps in his chair and glares back at Scipio. From his 
           seat up on the bench, Oliver Wendell Holmes takes notice.
                                 TAFT (CONT’D)
                        Continue, Counselor.

                                 STOREY
                             (Nods, then)
                        The evidence on which these men 
                        were convicted was manufactured and 
                        clearly shows the proceedings to be 
                        nothing short of judicial murder. 
                        If these decisions are permitted to 
                        stand, the rights of Negroes across 
                        this country will continue to be 
                        denied, just as they have been for 
                        the past hundred years. This court 
                        can not bring back the countless 
                        dead, but it can open the prison 
                        gates and let the innocent go free. 
                        The state of Arkansas will of 
                        course argue we lack precedent and 
                        proper jurisdiction, but with all 
                        due respect, we contend that a case 
                        such as this is the whole reason 
                        habeas corpus exists. In the name 
                        of God and justice and all that is 
                        right, we humbly ask for relief, as 
                        is entitled under the United States 
                        Constitution. Thank you.

           The justices nod and watch Storey sit down. Holmes glances 
           down at the brief. Suddenly, he notices Scipio’s name.

           Holmes looks out into the crowd and spots three black people 
           near the back. He stares at Scipio -- quietly intrigued. 

           EXT. SUPREME COURT -- AFTERNOON

           Scipio exits the courtroom with Lillie and Hazel. They walk 
           down the marble steps and see Utley and Miller at the bottom.

                                 UTLEY & MILLER
                        Judge Jones.

           Scipio smiles and puts his arm around his wife and continues 
           on his way. Miller watches them go and suddenly calls out--

                                 MILLER
                        Whatever the court decides, Sip, I 
                        just want you to know...I always 
                        knew the evidence was shaky. My 
                        heart goes out to those poor men 
                        and their families. Truly.

           Scipio stops and slowly turns around. He stares at Miller 
           from a distance...and then comes a little closer-- 
                                 SCIPIO
                        You know, Mr. Miller, I’ve had a 
                        lot of disappointments over the 
                        years, but I think the biggest one 
                        of all is knowing that men like you 
                        think that’s good enough. 
                             (then, a polite smile)
                        You have a nice day.

           Scipio walks away with his family, leaving Miller stunned.

           INT. NAACP OFFICES -- AFTERNOON

           Scipio sits with Lillie, Hazel, White, and Storey around at a 
           large conference table, talking in mid-conversation-- 

                                 STOREY
                        I think that went about as well as 
                        we could’ve hoped. Now it’s just a 
                        question of whether some of the 
                        more prejudiced justices will break 
                        and vote with the progressives.

                                 LILLIE
                        What do you suppose the chances of 
                        that are?

                                 STOREY
                             (Smiles, then)
                        If you’re asking me to wager on 
                        another man’s bigotry, I’m afraid 
                        you’re not going to like the odds 
                        that I give you.
                             (a quiet moment, then)
                        Still...this is a tremendous case. 
                        You did incredible work, Mr. Jones. 
                        The demurrer really puts them in a 
                        tight spot. Let’s try not to get 
                        our hopes up, but I’d say the 
                        longer it takes for them to reach a 
                        decision, the better the odds are 
                        it’ll be in our favor.

                                 SCIPIO
                        It’s hard not to get excited. If we 
                        win, with this case and this court, 
                        we will have changed history.

                                 WHITE
                             (To Scipio)
                        You planning on sticking around?

           Scipio takes a deep breath, looking at Lillie and Hazel. They 
           glance back at White and seem to nod as one family--
                                 SCIPIO
                        I don’t want to go back to Arkansas 
                        until a decision’s been reached.

           Storey and White glance at each other and nod, as well--

                                 WHITE
                        Neither do we.

           INT. CONFERENCE ROOM -- LATER

           A dark, windowless room with a small TABLE and eight wooden 
           CHAIRS. Nothing about it suggests any importance. But then--

           The door swings open and William Howard Taft comes lumbering 
           into the room, followed by Oliver Wendell Holmes and the six 
           remaining Supreme Court Justices--

           It’s not necessary to know their names, but here they are for 
           reference: WILLIAM DEVANTER (60), LOUIS BRANDEIS (60), GEORGE 
           SUTHERLAND (67), JAMES MCREYNOLDS (67), JOSEPH MCKENNA (76), 
           and PIERCE BUTLER (63). They gather around the table and take 
           their seats, now dressed in SUITS instead of robes. Each man 
           holds a stack of LEGAL BRIEFS, with Scipio’s at the top. 

                                 TAFT
                        So...what do we make of this Moore 
                        versus Dempsey business?

                                 BRANDEIS
                             (Hesitates, then)
                        Fascinating case, I must say. I 
                        gotta hand it to Storey. ‘Didn’t 
                        think the old man had it in him.

                                 MCKENNA
                        Storey’s just the messenger. The 
                        brief’s written by someone else.

                                 SUTHERLAND
                             (Reading)
                        Scipio Africanus Jones? Anyone know 
                        who the hell this is?

           The justices all shake their heads, except for Holmes. He 
           stares quietly at Scipio’s name. We sense he knows. 

                                 MCREYNOLDS
                        I agree it’s a compelling argument, 
                        but the state of Arkansas is right. 
                        The appellants are just trying to 
                        substitute habeas corpus for a writ 
                        of error. And all so they can free 
                        a bunch of damn murderous niggers. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MCREYNOLDS (CONT'D)
                        It smacks of desperation more than 
                        anything else.

                                 BUTLER
                        I worry about the precedent this 
                        would be setting. The United States 
                        Supreme Court has never set aside a 
                        criminal verdict on the grounds 
                        that the trial was unfair. That’s 
                        the state’s responsibility. ‘Been 
                        that way for over a hundred years.

                                 DEVANTER
                        I agree. We’d be opening an avenue 
                        for every criminal in the country 
                        to petition the federal government. 
                        Could you imagine? Our legal system 
                        would be turned upside down. It’d 
                        be absolute bedlam.

           The justices all nod and murmur in agreement. It would seem  
           the decision’s been made. But then Holmes speaks up--

                                 HOLMES
                        There’s a flip side to that coin, 
                        you know?

                                 TAFT
                        What do you mean?

           Holmes takes a moment to gather his thoughts, then he leans 
           forward; glancing at every justice around the table--

                                 HOLMES
                        What I mean...is that the facts in 
                        this case are horrifying and the 
                        state of Arkansas has acknowledged 
                        them to be true. If we can’t 
                        intervene in this case, when can 
                        we? We might as well strike habeas 
                        corpus from the constitution. Why 
                        does it even exist at all?

                                 TAFT
                             (Stunned)
                        You think we should rule in favor 
                        of the appellants?

           Holmes holds Taft’s gaze for a long moment, then glances down 
           at the brief. Staring at Scipio’s name, he quietly says--

                                 HOLMES
                        I think this country has been at a 
                        crossroads for a very long time. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 HOLMES (CONT'D)
                        The question before us now is... 
                        which way do we want to go?

           The justices glance at each other and settle back in their 
           chairs. We sense they’re about to have a long conversation.

           INT. HOTEL ROOM (WASHINGTON, D.C.) -- MORNING

           Scipio wakes up looking rested and refreshed. He checks on 
           Lillie, then sees Hazel standing at their bedside--

                                 HAZEL
                        How’d you sleep?
                             (Scipio nods, “Well.”)
                        Good. Get dressed. There’s 
                        something I want to show you. 

           EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. -- LATER

           Scipio walks along the Potomac with Lillie and Hazel. The 
           water runs calm and peaceful. It’s a beautiful morning.

           Up ahead, a massive plot of ground is under construction, a 
           series of new (but iconic) buildings marred by scaffolding...

                                 HAZEL
                        Recognize any of those buildings?
                             (Scipio shakes his head)
                        It’s part of a new project. They’re 
                        calling it the “National Mall.”

           Hazel suddenly pulls her father in a new direction. Lillie 
           follows them up a set of STAIRS that look very familiar...

                                 SCIPIO
                        Hazel...what is this?

                                 HAZEL
                             (Smiles, then)
                        History being made.

           They reach the top of the stairs and see a WOMAN (50, white) 
           welcoming visitors with BROCHURES. She turns and sees Scipio, 
           Lillie, and Hazel. She hesitates for just a moment.

                                 WOMAN
                        Well, hello there. Welcome to the 
                        new memorial.

                                 SCIPIO
                        New memorial?

           The woman nods with a smile and then hands Scipio a brochure. 
           Hazel tugs on his arm, with a look that says: “This way.”
           Scipio and Lillie follow Hazel through a peristyle of FLUTED 
           COLUMNS. Their footsteps echo as they enter a large chamber. 

           And in an instant, we realize where they are--

           The iconic statue of ABRAHAM LINCOLN comes into view. Boldly, 
           but without fanfare; like he’s been there all along, towering 
           over everyone and everything in quiet contemplation. 

           Scipio steps closer, noting the inscription: In this temple, 
           as in the hearts of the people for whom he saved the union, 
           the memory of Abraham Lincoln is enshrined forever. 

           Scipio takes a deep breath and steps back, standing with his 
           wife and daughter. All three of them looking up in awe.

           How to possibly describe this moment? A former slave, having 
           just presented a case to the United States Supreme Court, is 
           staring up at the man who gave him his freedom, with his wife 
           and daughter standing quietly beside him.

           Scipio’s eyes well with emotion, overwhelmed by it all. He 
           glances around at the other families nearby and sees a few 
           MOTHERS who are there with their young CHILDREN... 

           Scipio makes eye contact with one young boy and offers him a 
           bittersweet smile. The moment lingers. And then we hear--

                                 LANDEAU (O.S.)
                        Excuse me...Mr. Jones?

           Scipio turns and sees LLOYD LANDEAU (20s, white) standing 
           behind him. He stares at Scipio, clearly nervous--

                                 LANDEAU (CONT’D)
                        I’m sorry, but...are you Scipio 
                        Africanus Jones?

           Scipio quietly nods. Landeau steps closer--

                                 LANDEAU (CONT’D)
                        Your partners said I might find you 
                        walking along the mall. I clerk for 
                        Justice Holmes. If you wouldn’t 
                        mind coming with me...he’d like to 
                        have a word with you.

           Scipio stares at Landeau, stunned. Lillie and Hazel both look 
           amazed, wondering: “What could this possibly mean?”

           INT. SUPREME COURT -- HALLWAY -- LATER

           Scipio follows Landeau down a crowded hallway. PEOPLE dash by 
           at a quick pace, all racing towards the courtroom... 
           Scipio takes a breath. Eyes focused, but unsure. Something 
           big is happening. There’s a sense of urgency in the air. 

           INT. HOLMES’ CHAMBERS -- MOMENTS LATER

           Landeau opens the door and motions: “Go in.” Scipio hesitates 
           a moment...and then steps into the judge’s chambers.

                                 CLERK
                        Justice Holmes will be right in.

           Scipio nods and watches the door shut. Suddenly, he’s all 
           alone. In a state of absolute bewilderment.

           Scipio finally turns and begins to roam around the room, just 
           like Robert Hill did back in Little Rock; except now Scipio’s 
           the one who’s staring at everything in wonder--

           It’s a beautiful office. Much like Scipio’s, but on a grander 
           scale. Vaulted ceilings. Crowded BOOKSHELVES. PICTURES of 
           PRESIDENTS and DIGNITARIES on the walls. Framed NEWSPAPER 
           CLIPPINGS chronicle Holmes’ remarkable life and career while 
           PHOTOGRAPHS show the man himself, all through the ages--

           They seem to go back in time, to a much different era. From 
           sitting on the United States Supreme Court to arguing before 
           the Massachusetts Bar; ending with a faded DAGUERREOTYPE of a 
           handsome twenty-year-old boy, dressed in a freshly-pressed 
           UNION UNIFORM at the dawn of the Civil War.

           Scipio takes it all in with reverence and awe. He arrives at 
           a large STANDING DESK made of dark cherry wood, stacked high 
           with LEGAL BRIEFS. His is on the very top.

           Scipio smiles with a just a hint of pride, then he glances up 
           at the MANTEL behind the desk, where a pair of crossed SWORDS 
           from different eras are mounted on display...

                                 HOLMES (O.S.)
                        The one on the left belonged to my 
                        great-grandfather. He fought in the 
                        American Revolution. 

           Scipio turns and nearly gasps. So do we. Standing before him 
           is none other than Oliver Wendell Holmes, dressed once again 
           in his black robe. Looking like an American legend.

                                 SCIPIO
                        And the one on the right?

                                 HOLMES
                        That one was mine. I was a first 
                        lieutenant in Grant’s army. 
                             (Nods at daguerreotype)
                                 (MORE)
                                 HOLMES (CONT'D)
                        Not a bad looking fellow, eh?
                             (Scipio nods, then)
                        Have a seat, Mr. Jones.

           Scipio nods and heads nervously to the couch. Holmes grabs 
           the legal brief off his desk and follows right behind him...

                                 SCIPIO
                        I heard a story once that you 
                        shouted for President Lincoln to 
                        duck just before Fort Stevens was 
                        attacked. Is that true?

                                 HOLMES
                        It’s true that I shouted. Whether 
                        he heard me is another matter. 
                             (As they both sit)
                        What did you think of the memorial?

                                 SCIPIO
                        ‘Fitting tribute to a great man.

                                 HOLMES
                        I agree. I find it difficult to 
                        think about those times. I grow 
                        melancholy remembering everyone we 
                        lost. Six-hundred-thousand. It’s 
                        difficult to comprehend. And now, 
                        in Europe, untold millions killed. 
                        As regular as clockwork, one 
                        generation to the next. Every 
                        civilization rests on the death of 
                        men. I wonder, what do we owe them? 
                        Will history forgive us for all the 
                        ways we’ve let them down?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I often find myself wondering the 
                        same thing, sir.

           Holmes stares at Scipio and nods. And we sense, despite their 
           differences, these two men are very much kindred spirits. 

                                 HOLMES
                        I’m glad my clerk was able to find 
                        you. I was very interested to meet 
                        the man who wrote this.

           Holmes holds up the brief. Scipio smiles with nervousness in 
           his eyes. Still not sure exactly what he’s doing here.

                                 SCIPIO
                        If you don’t mind my asking, sir 
                        ...how did you know who I was?
                                 HOLMES
                        Oh, it wasn’t hard. I saw you in 
                        the courtroom, the only black man 
                        in the crowd. And I imagine the 
                        last white man to be named Scipio 
                        Africanus probably died about two-
                        thousand years ago.
                             (then, a slight smile)
                        If you don’t mind my asking, where 
                        did you go to law school?

                                 SCIPIO
                        I didn’t. I’m self-taught.

                                 HOLMES
                             (Stunned)
                        You don’t say.

           Holmes shakes his head in quiet disbelief, then glances down 
           at Scipio’s brief; flipping through the pages--

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        Eighty-seven verdicts, linked on 
                        appeal. Allegations of torture, 
                        forced confessions, murder, all 
                        confirmed by the state’s demurrer. 
                        Presented under the umbrella of a 
                        habeas corpus petition. ‘Quite a 
                        piece of lawyering, Mr. Jones. It’s 
                        probably best you didn’t go to law 
                        school. They would’ve stripped you 
                        of such audacious thinking. 

           Scipio manages a faint smile, but there’s sadness in his 
           eyes. He senses a “however” coming. And here it is--

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        Of course, granting this petition 
                        would require us to overturn past 
                        precedent and this court is bound 
                        by stare decisis. Added to which, 
                        the order was signed by a judge in 
                        chancery court who clearly lacked 
                        jurisdiction. I’m sure you can 
                        appreciate the difficult position 
                        this put us in as we deliberated--

           Holmes looks up, suddenly caught off guard. Scipio is staring 
           at the ground, tears beginning to pool in his eyes.

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        My good man. What’s wrong?

           Scipio takes a deep breath, his voice shaking--
                                 SCIPIO
                        What’s wrong? Well, from all the 
                        excitement outside, I gather that 
                        the court has already reached its 
                        decision. And I can only think of 
                        one reason you’d invite me into 
                        your chambers. And that’s so you 
                        can brace me for bad news. 

           Scipio works up the courage to look up at Holmes. And the 
           justice’s stoic eyes seem to confirm his suspicion.

                                 SCIPIO (CONT’D)
                        If you only knew what this case 
                        meant to me. And to those men.
                             (a quiet moment, then)
                        Was the decision even close? Did we 
                        move the needle at all?

           Holmes stares at Scipio a moment, then quietly says--

                                 HOLMES
                        Six to two.

           Scipio flinches as if hit by a truck. Six-to-two. Exactly the 
           decision they’d expected. But then Holmes adds--

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        In your favor.

           And Scipio looks up in stunned disbelief. Holmes scoots a bit 
           closer, a slight smile beginning to lift up his mustache. 

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        I invited you into my chambers so I 
                        could offer my congratulations. The 
                        decision is six to two in favor of 
                        the appellants. I’m going to be 
                        delivering the majority opinion...
                             (Holds up the brief)
                        ...and since you were the one who 
                        wrote the argument, I thought you 
                        should be the first to know.
                             (Shakes Scipio’s hand)
                        Congratulations, Mr. Jones. Your 
                        boys are free.

           Holmes stands up and leaves Scipio stunned. MUSIC begins to 
           FADE UP that will carry over for the rest of the movie... 

           INT. SUPREME COURT -- HALLWAY -- MOMENTS LATER

           Scipio stumbles down the hallway, dazed. He turns a corner 
           and sees White and Storey up ahead -- utterly bewildered. 
                                 STOREY
                             (Calling)
                        Scipio, where have you been? The 
                        court’s reached a decision!

           Scipio stands frozen, unable to speak. But he doesn’t have 
           to. A REPORTER shouts from inside the courtroom--

                                 REPORTER (O.S.)
                        Justice Holmes is going to read the 
                        majority opinion!

           And in that moment, they know -- everyone knows -- they’ve 
           won. American history is about to change forever.

           Scipio stares at Storey and White as the news begins to sink 
           in. And then, slowly but surely, he starts to back away...

           White makes a move to chase after him, but Storey grabs his 
           arm, with a look that quietly says: “Just let him go.” 

           And so they both stand completely still, watching as Scipio 
           disappears around the corner, then they slowly turn and go 
           into the courtroom to hear the monumental decision... 

           AROUND THE CORNER

           Scipio charges towards the door. The MUSIC continues to rise 
           steadily, over which we hear Holmes begin to read--

                                 HOLMES (O.S.)
                        We are a nation of laws, meant to 
                        secure to each citizen their basic 
                        inalienable rights, among the most 
                        cherished of which is the right to 
                        due process. For seventy years, 
                        this responsibility has fallen to 
                        the states. This is established 
                        legal precedent, something this 
                        court takes very seriously. And, at 
                        first glance, it would appear that 
                        interference through habeas corpus 
                        ought not to be allowed...  

           We CUT AWAY from Scipio and back inside the courtroom. Holmes 
           looks out into the crowd. We sense another “however” coming--

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        However, whatever disagreement 
                        there may be as to the scope of the 
                        phrase due process of law, there 
                        can be no doubt that it embraces 
                        the fundamental concept of a fair 
                        trial. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        And a writ of habeas corpus 
                        commands us to look deeper, into 
                        the very tissue of the structure, 
                        and ascertain whether the trials 
                        were more than empty shells. Was 
                        basic fairness afforded? Have the 
                        prisoners been unjustly deprived of 
                        their lives and liberty?  

           White and Storey both look braced for impact. The MUSIC rises 
           even more as we CUT BACK to Scipio out in the hallway...

                                 HOLMES (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        It does not seem sufficient to us 
                        to allow a United States judge, 
                        citing mere jurisdiction, to escape 
                        responsibility for examining the 
                        facts when, if true, they would 
                        render the trial completely void...

           Scipio charges outside into the blinding light of day. We 
           watch from high above as he makes his way down the marble 
           staircase, heading back into the city...

                                 HOLMES (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        It is our duty now and always to 
                        declare lynch law as little valid 
                        when practiced by a regularly drawn 
                        jury as it is when administered by 
                        a mob intent on death...

           Scipio reaches the bottom and gets absorbed by the crowd. We 
           CUT BACK to the courtroom as Holmes dramatically concludes--

                                 HOLMES (CONT’D)
                        If the case indeed is that the 
                        whole proceeding is just a mask, 
                        with counsel, jury, and judge swept 
                        away to a fatal end by the tides of 
                        public passion, and state courts 
                        fail to correct the wrong, then 
                        there is nothing to prevent this 
                        court from securing to these 
                        petitioners their constitutional 
                        rights. 
                             (then, as MUSIC swells)
                        It is so ordered.

           Holmes pounds his gavel. And we suddenly CUT TO:

           EXT. SUPREME COURT -- THAT MOMENT

           Scipio is hunched over, sobbing in catharsis. He has never 
           looked so strong. And yet, so completely vulnerable. 
           Scipio takes a deep breath and stands up. Throngs of PEOPLE 
           pass by, unaware of who he is or what he’s just done. 

           The following words appear:

           Scipio Africanus Jones’ victory at the United States Supreme 
           Court is considered a landmark case and a turning point in 
           American legal history. In addition to striking the first 
           blow against Jim Crow society in the South, Moore v. Dempsey 
           laid the groundwork for a decades long legal struggle that 
           would ultimately culminate with Brown v. Board of Education 
           and the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s. 

           These words fade, replaced by: 

           In later years, the Supreme Court would cite Moore v. Dempsey 
           as precedent and rule that lack of adequate representation, 
           false testimony, the exclusion of blacks from juries, and 
           torture all constitute violations of an individual’s right to 
           due process, rendering verdicts in such trials invalid. 

           These words fade, replaced by:

           To date, federal courts have granted relief to hundreds of 
           death row prisoners filing habeas corpus petitions, among 
           them most notably Rubin “Hurricane” Carter in 1985.

           As these words fade, Scipio walks back towards the mall. He 
           sees Lillie and Hazel in the distance. And we CUT TO:

           EXT. / INT. PRISON (LITTLE ROCK) -- DAY

           All eighty-seven prisoners are released from jail. It’s a 
           staggering sight. They come storming through the gates and 
           embrace their families, celebrating in the yard... 

           In the crowd, we find Frank Moore with Mary and their son. He 
           hugs them both tightly. The following words appear:

           True to his word, Thomas McRae ordered the rest of the Elaine 
           prisoners released after the Supreme Court’s decision. It was 
           his final act as Governor of Arkansas.

           As these words fade, GUARDS begin to escort the men and their 
           families onto waiting BUSSES. The following words appear:

           Fearing for their safety, Scipio Africanus Jones arranged for 
           the prisoners and their families to be transported by private 
           busses north to Chicago. What ultimately became of them is 
           unknown. They never returned to Phillips County again.

           As the busses drive away, we find Robert Hill staring quietly 
           out the window. He sees twelve unused COFFINS stacked against 
           the prison wall, now discarded and starting to rot...
           Robert takes a deep breath and steadies his gaze. The busses 
           pull through the gates, barreling towards freedom...

           Back in the yard, Dempsey and the guards watch as the busses 
           drive away, a look of bewilderment on all of their faces...

           Inside the prison, we find the cells are now empty. We watch 
           through the bars as the last bus vanishes over the horizon. 

           And then we PAN OVER to Emmanuel West’s name, carved forever 
           into the prison wall. We HOLD for a moment. And then CUT TO:

           INT. SUPREME COURT -- BACK TO PRESENT MOMENT

           Holmes, Taft, and the other justices stand up and shuffle out 
           of the courtroom. Storey and White find themselves bombarded 
           by REPORTERS shouting all kinds of questions... 

           But we don’t hear them. The MUSIC is still going strong. We 
           PUSH IN on Storey. The following words appear:

           Moorfield Storey continued to serve as the founding president 
           of the NAACP until his death in 1929. He was eulogized across 
           the nation as a fierce champion of civil rights.

           We PAN OVER to Walter White. The following words appear:

           Walter White led the NAACP for nearly a quarter century after 
           Storey’s death. During this time, the organization quadrupled 
           in size. He continued to put himself at risk by posing as a 
           white man, investigating more than 40 separate lynchings and 
           peonage cases throughout his long career.

           These words fade, replaced by:

           When he died in 1955, White was known as ‘Mr. NAACP,’ having 
           lived just long enough to witness the historic victory over 
           school segregation in Brown v. Board of Education.

           We HOLD on White a moment longer. And then CUT TO:

           INT. MILLER’S OFFICE -- DAY

           John Miller sits all alone in his office, his face dark and 
           brooding as the following words appear:

           John Miller was elected to the United States Congress in 
           1930, serving until 1943 when Franklin Roosevelt appointed 
           him as a federal judge in the western district of Arkansas. 
           He was one of several justices to oversee the infamous Little 
           Rock Nine case and fought vehemently to prolong school 
           segregation after Brown v. Board of Education. 

           These words fade, replaced by:
           In a 1976 interview, an aging and somewhat regretful John 
           Miller candidly admitted that the Elaine “riot” had been a 
           massacre and the ensuing trials and convictions based on 
           testimony obtained through torture. He concluded by stating: 
           “Never was a greater fraud perpetrated on a group of people.”

           We HOLD on Miller a moment longer. And then CUT TO:

           INT. MARTINEAU’S OFFICE -- DAY

           John Martineau sits alone in his office. But unlike Miller, 
           we see triumph in his eyes. The following words appear:

           Faced with widespread criticism and public outrage after the 
           Elaine case, John Martineau retired from chancery court and 
           turned his attention to politics instead. Running on an “anti-
           Klan” platform in the following election, he defeated Thomas 
           J. Terral to become to 28th Governor of Arkansas. 

           We HOLD on Martineau a moment longer. And then CUT TO:

           INT. LAUNDRY -- DAY

           A LAUNDRESS stares at bags filled with white klan hoods. We 
           see fear in her eyes as the following words appear:

           The Ku Klux Klan continued to dominate southern politics for 
           decades while extending its influence to the national stage. 
           By the mid-1950s; however, the Klan was in disarray, plagued 
           by scandals, internal disputes, and public outrage resulting 
           in a sharp decline in membership over the following years. 

           Today, despite maintaining a presence in more than 22 states, 
           the Ku Klux Klan has fewer than 5,000 members. The NAACP has 
           more than half a million worldwide. 

           We HOLD on the laundress as these words fade, then CUT TO:

           EXT. ELAINE, ARKANSAS -- PRESENT DAY

           Once prominent buildings crumble in disrepair. There isn’t a 
           single person anywhere around. The following words appear:

           Elaine, Arkansas saw its economy collapse after the massacre 
           as black families continued to flee to the North. Today, it 
           is practically a ghost town, despite sitting on some of the 
           richest topsoil anywhere in the world.

           We HOLD on the abandoned town. And then CUT TO:

           EXT. PHILLIPS COUNTY -- DAY

           An ocean of cotton abloom in flowers of red, white, and pink. 
           As far as the eye can see. The following words appear: 
           The final death toll in Elaine has never been determined. 
           Most historians estimate between 300 and 1,000 black people 
           were murdered, including many women and children. No white 
           man was ever charged in connection with these deaths.

           These words fade, replaced by:

           Sharecroppers in Phillips County never gave up on their dream 
           of forming a union. In 1934, faced with similar threats of 
           violence and intimidation, they created the Southern Tenant 
           Farmer’s Association. It quickly grew to over 31,000 members. 
           Today, it is known as the United Farm Workers of America.

           We HOLD on the beautiful cotton fields. And then CUT TO:

           EXT. WASHINGTON MALL -- DAY

           We’re back with Scipio, sitting on a bench with Lillie and 
           Hazel; staring at the Lincoln Memorial in the distance... 

           Scipio glances over at Hazel and, in this moment, he seems 
           deeply fulfilled. We might recall how earlier in the movie, 
           he wished he could’ve given her a better world. 

           Now, they’re here. And finally, he has. 

           And what Scipio once wished for his mother, we now wish for 
           him: that he somehow be able to peer into the future and see 
           all the things that will happen here, on this very spot, all 
           because of him. The following words appear:

           Scipio Africanus Jones continued to wage vigorous legal and 
           civil rights battles for the remainder of his life. He passed 
           away in 1943 at the age of 79. His funeral was held at the 
           largest church in downtown Little Rock and attended by over a 
           thousand people, including several hundred white friends. 

           These words fade, replaced by--

           At the time of his death, Scipio was preparing one last case 
           with a young protege who had been sent to him by the NAACP.

           That man’s name was Thurgood Marshall. He would go on to win 
           the trial and eventually become the first African American to 
           sit on the United States Supreme Court.

           As these words fade, we PUSH IN on Scipio until only his eyes 
           fill the FRAME. We linger just long enough to believe that he 
           can see these things. And much, much more.

                                                          CUT TO BLACK:

                                         THE END
