                                   INHUMAN NATURE

                                     Matt Fisch

          5/15/18
           OVER BLACK

           The sound of combat boots clomping along pavement, almost 
           horse-like.

           Brief SILENCE.

           A slurping sound.

           Coffee anyone?

           FADE IN:

           EXT. GAS STATION - EARLY MORNING 

           A GAS STATION complex surrounded by endless chaparral.

           The only car in the lot is a CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL Dodge 
           Charger, decked out in white and black, an emperor penguin on 
           wheels.

           A California highway patrolman, mid 50s, draped in a brown 
           uniform and a wide brimmed trooper hat moves away from the 
           convenience store, cup in hand. 

           The patrolman stops to take a sip of coffee, and a MALE 
           FIGURE moves toward him, unseen. We get a good look at this 
           guy-- he’s mid 40s, handsome, arms veiny, hardy built. 

           The cop slurps once more, begins to walk again. 

                                 MALE FIGURE (O.S.)
                        Hey officer. Can I interest you in 
                        a chocolate glazed?

           The officer stops, turns his head, the faintest trace of 
           annoyance spreading across his face when--

           In one deft motion, the male figure thrusts his arms out, 
           takes the officer’s head in his hands, and twists with 
           remarkable ease. 

           The officer falls to the earth, DEAD, coffee splattering on 
           the pavement like brown blood...

                                                           CUT TO BLACK

           CHYRON: 18 HOURS EARLIER

           EXT. UNITED STATES PENITENTIARY VICTORVILLE - DAY

           FROM HIGH UP ABOVE 
           A cavalcade of Chevy Suburbans makes its way along a desert 
           lined road, their destination a complex of gray, foreboding 
           buildings arranged in a rectangular assortment.

           CLOSE ON the second SUV as the fleet arrives in front of a 
           main administrative building, large black letters announcing 
           this to be UNITED STATES PENITENTIARY, VICTORVILLE. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (V.O.)
                        We’re live from Victorville, 
                        California where Van Danzen has 
                        just arrived to surrender to 
                        federal authorities to begin 
                        serving out a 30 year sentence for 
                        the murder he was convicted of just 
                        over a month ago. 

           The rear door of the second SUV opens, and a well built male 
           figure emerges, clad in a dark suit, his black polished 
           alligator loafers hesitantly touching the pavement below, an 
           ankle bracelet clearly visible.

           CLOSE ON this man’s face to reveal that he’s the VERY SAME  
           male figure we saw in the teaser. 

           This is VAN DANZEN. 

           VAN sports an expression that can only be described as GRIM. 
           A handful of suited lawyers alight from their own SUVs, and 
           escort Van up a walkway toward the prison entrance. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (V.O.)
                        Van Danzen, who recently ceded 
                        control of his Sentience 
                        Corporation to the federal 
                        government, notably rejected a plea 
                        deal last year that would have seen 
                        him serve as little as a decade 
                        behind bars. Many have pointed to 
                        his hubris as the driving force 
                        behind his decision to take the 
                        charge to trial, where his 
                        conviction led to what is quite 
                        obviously a far harsher sentence. 

           Van Danzen and his lawyers disappear inside the federal 
           penitentiary. 

           Suddenly, OUR POV shifts to that of a BROADCAST FEED, as if 
           we are sitting at home watching this on a TV. A graphic 
           indicating LIVE:CNN appears in the bottom right hand corner, 
           while the footage of the exterior of the federal prison 
           remains on screen in a small window at the top left.
           INT. CNN HEADQUARTERS, ATLANTA - DAY

           Front and center in this broadcast is the beaming visage of 
           PRICE COLLINSWORTH, 42. The handsome, dark skinned anchor 
           presides over the broadcast effortlessly. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH 
                        And thus today wraps up what has 
                        been perhaps the most compelling 
                        legal storyline this nation has 
                        seen over the past decade, perhaps 
                        even since the OJ trial, over 25 
                        years ago. 

           An image of a white male, late 30s, appears in place of the 
           feed covering the penitentiary. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        It seems like just last month that 
                        Van Danzen’s partner at Sentience 
                        Corp, Miles Russell, was found 
                        brutally murdered with a 
                        screwdriver in the parking lot 
                        outside their Beverly Hills offices 
                        just a few days before 
                        Thanksgiving. The FBI’s months long 
                        investigation resulted in a federal 
                        murder indictment against Van 
                        Danzen, who was named Time 
                        Magazine’s ‘Person of the Year’ 
                        just four years ago, after he 
                        brought to market Plasmoxy, the 
                        world’s very first fully synthetic, 
                        oxygen carrying blood substitute.
                             (beat)
                        How did his relationship with 
                        Russell go sour so quickly? One can 
                        only guess-- Van has refused to 
                        speak on the record at any point 
                        since the murder, even declining an 
                        opportunity to testify at his own 
                        trial. 

           Price clears his throat, straightens up in his chair. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        Earlier today, just moments before 
                        Van’s surrender, a triumphant 
                        President Whitley addressed 
                        reporters from the South Lawn. 

                                                                 CUT TO
           EXT. WHITE HOUSE SOUTH LAWN - DAY

           A tall, somewhat overweight, imposing white male figure 
           stands behind a podium in a loosely fitting suit, peering 
           down at a corps of reporters. 

           THE PRESIDENT is clearly reveling in the spotlight. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Van Danzen is a bad, bad man. A 
                        sick man. And he’s going to pay the 
                        price for his behavior. As I’ve 
                        said before, there is no authority 
                        more powerful than our federal 
                        government. And rest assured-- if 
                        you run afoul of our great nation’s 
                        laws, no matter how rich, no matter 
                        how admired you may be, you will 
                        suffer the consequences. 
                             (beat)
                        Today, I want to commend a number 
                        of people who played crucial roles 
                        in Van Danzen’s prosecution and 
                        conviction for the truly heinous, 
                        barbaric murder of a man who we now 
                        believe was actually the genius 
                        behind many of Sentience 
                        Corporation’s major breakthroughs. 

           President Whitley pauses, steps back, lets his words sink in. 
           He peers to his right, where a collection of federal agents 
           stands, watches intently. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        First and foremost, I want to 
                        commend Special Agent in Charge of 
                        the Criminal Division, Los Angeles, 
                        Victoria Martinez, who led a 
                        tireless effort to bring Van Danzen 
                        to justice for this heartless, 
                        callous slaying.   

           President Whitley steps back from the podium, sets his sights 
           on SPECIAL AGENT MARTINEZ. 

           Whitley’s POV--

           Martinez, late 30s, fierce, with a strikingly badass energy 
           about her, smiles wanly, seemingly embarrassed by the 
           spectacle being made of her. Martinez bows her head slightly. 
           Gentle applause greets her.

           President Whitley returns his attention to the press corps. 
                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        I would also like to lend praise to 
                        United States Attorney Mark 
                        Farkman, who, in conjunction with 
                        Agent Martinez and the FBI, worked 
                        tirelessly in his expert 
                        prosecution of the bloodthirsty 
                        defendant. 

           CLOSE ON Mark Farkman, a plump, balding, glasses wearing 
           middle-aged man whose appearance screams grimy PROSECUTOR. 
           Farkman relishes in the attention, grinning like a child 
           sitting in glass seats at a hockey game. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        And even though she’s currently 
                        presiding over the court and unable 
                        to be here with us today, my 
                        genuine gratitude goes out to Judge 
                        Louisa Jefferson, whose fair and 
                        just approach to the bench has 
                        ensured our nation’s justice system 
                        will remain the gold standard the 
                        world over. 

           OFF A HEARTY ROUND OF APPLAUSE...

           INT. CNN HEADQUARTERS, ATLANTA - CONTINUOUS

           Price Collinsworth stares us down once again, a smug look on 
           his face. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH
                        And there you have the President’s 
                        words from just a few moments ago.
                             (beat)
                        Now just how will Van Danzen fare 
                        inside a federal prison complex? 
                        When we come back, we’ll speak with 
                        multiple experts who will weigh 
                        whether or not Van’s extensive 
                        training in martial arts will serve 
                        to benefit him inside the walls of 
                        United States Penitentiary 
                        Lancaster.
                             (beat)
                        But first, a brief message from our 
                        sponsors...

           INT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           PULL BACK 
           To reveal that this news program is being taken in on a large 
           flat screen TV inside a Mercedes SPRINTER VAN. The cabin of 
           this van is remarkably lush, like a private jet’s interior. 

           Watching the broadcast, while reclined in a plush tan leather 
           seat, is VAN DANZEN HIMSELF! 

           Van wears a black cashmere sweatsuit ensemble, looking 
           slightly tanner, and sporting a far less grim expression than 
           the Van Danzen we just saw surrender to federal prison. 

           Seated next to Van, similarly dressed in black cashmere 
           sweats, is the sable haired beauty QUINN FITZPATRICK, late 
           20s. 

                                 VAN
                             (under his breath)
                        Cocksucker.

           Quinn reaches over, places a hand on Van’s arm before leaning 
           over him, fetching the remote, MUTING the TV. 

                                 QUINN
                        It’s over. 

           Van reaches for the remote, presses a button. The TV feed 
           switches from CNN to a MAP OF THE UNITED STATES. A small 
           indicator glows, placing the van’s location in north central 
           Montana, the border with Alberta, Canada fast approaching. 

           Van presses another button, and a tinted glass panel recedes, 
           revealing the van’s cockpit. 

                                 VAN
                        Hey Brucey, old pal. How long until 
                        we reach the camp?

           A somewhat weathered visage peers around, smiles at the sight 
           of Van and Quinn nestled together in the back seats. This is 
           BRUCE, mid 50s, Van’s right hand man. 

                                 BRUCE
                        Well, since we aren’t going a clip 
                        over 70, I’d reckon it’s gonna be 
                        another 6 hours. 

                                 VAN
                        Christ, Montana’s large. 

                                 BRUCE
                        We’ll have you there after 
                        nightfall. Assuming you connect 
                        with Agent Martinez as planned. 
                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Sensational. 

           Quinn stretches out, places her socked feet in Van’s lap. Van 
           smirks at her, Quinn implores him with her eyes. Van 
           capitulates, removes Quinn’s socks, begins rubbing her feet. 

                                 BRUCE
                        How do you reckon he’s doing in 
                        there?

                                 VAN 
                        I engineered him for the hell that 
                        awaits. He’ll do just fine. 

           A console on the dashboard BEEPS sharply three times. Bruce 
           glances at this radar detector, peers over at the 
           speedometer, looks back up at the road. 

           A brief reprieve of silence holds over the Sprinter. 

           Van flips on CNN once more. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH
                             (on TV)
                        ...and that’s just the bronze 
                        medalist! 

           On the broadcast feed, Price’s face dissolves and we see 
           footage from what appears to be an Olympic style martial arts 
           ring. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        The following year, Van Danzen 
                        donated one million dollars to 
                        charity for the chance to face off 
                        against the most recent Olympic 
                        gold medalist in Judo, Shigatoshi 
                        Tanaka. 

           The footage shows a slightly younger Van enter the Judo ring 
           with a similarly built Japanese man. Van dominates the fight 
           in quick order, much to the surprise of the crowd. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        And he won! 

           The TV cuts back to the broadcast feed, showing Price’s face 
           of disbelief. 
                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        And all that came before Van Danzen 
                        notably spent a year training in 
                        bare knuckle boxing in the jungles 
                        of Myanmar, formerly known as Burma-
                        -

           Van turns the TV off, sighs. 

                                 VAN
                        One thing I’ll never get used 
                        to...seeing myself on TV. I used to 
                        think that’s what life was all 
                        about. Being so successful, so well 
                        known that they don’t even need to 
                        put a chyron under your face on TV, 
                        ‘cause everyone already knows who 
                        you are. I guess...I guess I never 
                        thought it’d be for all the wrong 
                        reasons. 

                                 QUINN
                        I think you looked good this 
                        morning. Well, not you looked 
                        good...if that makes sense. 

                                 VAN
                        I wanted to be famous, not 
                        infamous. And here I am...hiding 
                        out, trying to buy some time so I 
                        can prove that I am, after all, 
                        valuable to this world. That I 
                        matter. That I mean something.  

                                 QUINN
                        You mean something to me. 

           BRUCE’S POV--

           Outside the driver’s side window, a Montana Highway Patrol 
           car sits hidden in between tree groves, radar in use. Bruce 
           waits a few seconds, peers into the rearview. The car does 
           not turn its lights on, and Bruce’s heart rate begins its 
           descent back to normal. 

           Inside the Sprinter, Van continues rubbing Quinn’s feet, her 
           eyes closed, her face a mask of pleasure. 

                                 QUINN (CONT’D)
                        Surely that must count for 
                        something.  
           Van’s face contorts into a mask of internal deliberation. He 
           then smirks to himself, coy, knowingly, rubbing Quinn’s feet 
           all the while...  

                                 VAN 
                        Sure. Sure it does. In some ways, 
                        it counts for everything.  

           FROM ABOVE

           The black Sprinter van rockets along the asphalt through the 
           dwarfing pines of northern Montana, the traffic around it 
           sparse in this desolate reach of the USA...

           INT. USP VICTORVILLE - NIGHT

           See the cavernous heart of Van’s new permanent residence, 
           where rows and rows of barred cells sit in two levels on 
           either side of the drab space. 

           Van, now shackled and clad in a KHAKI UNIFORM, has a cold, 
           empty stare on his face as an automatic door recedes, 
           revealing him to us, flanked by burly guards wearing cadet 
           blue uniforms. 

           Inmates begin to whoop and holler as Van is led into the 
           unit. Tidbits from Van’s intake and orientation play through 
           his mind as he’s led into the depths of a new hell. 

                                 CORRECTIONS OFFICER (V.O.)
                        Welcome to the federal correctional 
                        complex at Victorville. We 
                        encourage you to make your stay 
                        here as rewarding as possible, such 
                        that you’ll lead a more fulfilling 
                        life following your period of 
                        incarceration. 

           Van nearly trips on his shackles, catches his balance. One of 
           his escorts yanks his waist shackle, like a horseman 
           directing his beast. The inmates are in a full on frenzy of 
           shouts and hollers. 

                                 CORRECTIONS OFFICER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        The USP Victorville is a high 
                        security institution. You will be 
                        assigned to a unit. Lights in the 
                        unit will be turned on promptly at 
                        530 AM. Lights are turned out each 
                        night at 10 PM. Floors are to be 
                        mopped and swept on a daily basis. 
                             (beat)
                                 (MORE)
                                 CORRECTIONS OFFICER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
                        In addition, it is essential that 
                        staff take count of inmates on a 
                        routine basis. Count times are at 
                        midnight, 3 AM, 5 AM, 10 AM, 4 PM 
                        and again at 10 PM. Emergency 
                        counts may occur unannounced.  

           Van makes eye contact with an inmate, stops in his tracks at 
           the sight of this deranged, wild eyed human being staring at 
           him through the rounded bars.  

                                 DERANGED INMATE
                             (Boston accent)
                        Hey, Van Danzen, you’re Van Danzen, 
                        right? Just wanted to let ya know 
                        ya motha gave me a handjob. Ya know 
                        that? I wanted a blowjob from her, 
                        but all she’d give me was a 
                        handjob. Came all over her fuckin’ 
                        hand though! Got to watch her lick 
                        my cum off her fingers, one strand 
                        at a time! 

           The inmate cackles wildly, shakes the bars of his cell as the 
           guards push Van ahead, his ankle shackles clattering with 
           each step. 

                                 CORRECTIONS OFFICER (V.O.)
                        Proper attire will be worn at all 
                        times in the dining hall. Inmates 
                        may bring only one condiment of 
                        their choosing into the dining 
                        area. 
                             (beat)
                        Visiting is based on a points 
                        system. Each inmate will receive 50 
                        points at the beginning of each 
                        month. Points will be deducted as 
                        necessary for behavioral 
                        infractions. Tennis shoes are not 
                        allowed in the visiting room under 
                        any condition. 

           Another inmate catches Van’s attention, sticks his tongue out 
           through the bars of his cell, flicking it in an obscene 
           gesture.  

                                 CRAZED INMATE
                        You ever taste the inside of your 
                        own rectum, Van Danzen? 

           Van glares at the inmate, the guards jerk his shackles, pull 
           him along. 
                                 CRAZED INMATE (CONT’D)
                             (yelling)
                        You’re gonna know what that’s like 
                        soon! Real fuckin’ soon!

           The inmate begins wailing like a banshee, further stirring up 
           the other prisoners. 

           The guards look to each other, equal parts assurance and 
           trepidation. Shit gets real fast in this joint. 

           Off this look...

           EXT. NORTHERN MONTANA - NIGHT

           The sprinter Van takes an exit, approaches a rest stop. The 
           parking lot is empty, dimly lit. 

           The van comes to a stop underneath a sign that says “Thank 
           You For Visiting Montana.”

           The door slides open and Van appears poised in the doorway, 
           wearing his hood up. 

                                 VAN
                        I’ll be back in a few. She should 
                        be calling within ten. 

           Van hops off the edge of the Sprinter, and the door recedes 
           behind him. 

           It’s eerily quiet, with only the occasional gust of wind to 
           keep Van company. He strides up to the tourist center, his 
           sights set on a PAYPHONE. 

           When he arrives at the payphone, he begins to pace, clearly 
           tense, casting his gaze back at the Sprinter van every so 
           often. 

           A pair of headlights makes its way past them on the highway, 
           and Van follows with his eyes until the car is out of sight. 

           He continues pacing, checks his watch, looks at the payphone, 
           expectant. 

           Finally, the harsh ring calls out through the empty night. 
           Van rushes to the phone, plucks it off the receiver, eager. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                             (into phone)
                        Can’t tell you what a relief it is 
                        to hear your voice. 
           INTERCUT - TELEPHONE CONVERSATION

           EXT. JACK IN THE BOX - SIMULTANEOUS

           Agent Martinez, also wearing a hoodie, cradles a payphone 
           against her ear, the glare of a Jack in the Box sign behind 
           her casting a glow. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I don’t have all the time in the 
                        world and I can’t guarantee I’m not 
                        being trailed, so let me jump right 
                        in. The tunnel is off of an exit 
                        exactly 6 miles ahead of you. Take 
                        a right, and travel on the service 
                        road another quarter of a mile. 
                        You’ll come to a dirt road, chained 
                        off with a sign marked “Private 
                        Property: No Trespassing.” You can 
                        easily cut this chain. Travel 
                        another mile down the path and 
                        you’ll be at the border. There’s a 
                        gate. The road continues on past 
                        the gate, and ends abruptly at a 
                        stone wall. In front of this wall 
                        you’ll find a manhole cover. It 
                        could possibly be buried by now, so 
                        you might need to use your 
                        resources to find it. I trust you 
                        won’t have any issue. 

           Van is visibly relieved to hear these words come out of 
           Martinez’s mouth. 

                                 VAN
                        Thank you. I can’t tell you how 
                        much I appreciate this. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        The tunnel...it hasn’t been 
                        operable in at least a decade. I 
                        can’t guarantee that it’s passable. 
                        But it’s your best bet at crossing 
                        the border undetected. 

                                 VAN
                        And the flight?

                                 MARTINEZ
                        It’s all coming together. You’re 
                        Jerome J. Witherspoon, the CFO of 
                        PNGO-- Prairie Natural Gas & Oil. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MARTINEZ (CONT'D)
                        Quinn, she’s your wife-- Madison 
                        Witherspoon nee MacDonald. You’ll 
                        be taking a 777 to Papeete airport 
                        in Tahiti and from there you can 
                        arrange an easy transport to the 
                        atoll. 

                                 VAN
                        You’re a genius. A pure and simple 
                        genius. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And Van, the code, for the 
                        gate...it’s 4 1 1 8 6 7. The date 
                        of the Canadian Confederation.

                                 VAN
                        Four one eighteen sixty seven. Got 
                        it. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Make it fast, Van. Whitley is 
                        suspicious. I’m certain my home 
                        phone is tapped. And I can’t 
                        guarantee that the tunnel isn’t 
                        rigged to send a signal back to DC 
                        if used. So you’d better not fuck 
                        around. 

                                 VAN
                        I’m on my way. Like a ghost. 
                             (beat)
                        Thanks...for everything. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Bye, Van.

           CLICK. She’s gone.

           INT. USP VICTORVILLE - NIGHT

           The GLARE remains momentarily until we pull back, revealing 
           this to be the lone light bulb in a standard PRISON CELL. 

           The hooting and hollering of the wound up prisoners fills the 
           tiny space, and Van arrives in frame, flanked by the two 
           guards. One guard steps forward, punches a code into a panel, 
           waits for a shrill beep. 

           The cell door begins to slide open. Van is led inside, and 
           one guard leans down, unlocks Van’s leg shackles, removes 
           them. 
           Van’s eyes scan the cold, drab space. He appears focused, 
           unintimidated by the chaotically hellish scene he’s found 
           himself in. 

           The guards exit the cell. 

                                 PRISON GUARD
                             (cold)
                        Turn around. 

           Van turns, extends his arms outward. One of the guards 
           punches a code into the panel outside the cell, and the door 
           begins to close. 

           In the blink of an eye, Van extends his foot outward, 
           blocking the cell door from fully closing. Simultaneously, he 
           spreads his arms in a terrifying display of inhuman strength, 
           the thick metal braces of his cuffs snapping, setting Van’s 
           hands free. 

           One of the guard’s faces registers pure confusion. There’s no 
           way he saw what he just saw...right?

           The other guard has already begun to make his way away from 
           the cell. Before the remaining guard can react, Van squeezes 
           through the partially closed cell door and snaps his neck 
           with the same ease we saw in the teaser. 

           The remaining guard turns, is SMASHED IN THE FACE by one of 
           the cuffs still affixed to Van’s wrist. Van then effortlessly 
           flips the guard on his back, squeezes the life out of him. 

           Van then effortlessly drags both of the guard’s bodies back 
           into the cell. 

           EXT. NORTHERN MONTANA - NIGHT

           The Sprinter Van, lights illuminating the road ahead, rockets 
           north toward the border with Canada. It passes a sign stating 
           BORDER CHECKPOINT: 2 MILES.

           The van eventually takes an exit. 

           INT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           We’re met with the embrace of the cabin’s purple glow. 
           Quinn’s hair is now up in a bun, and Van leans down, ties up 
           a pair of running sneakers. 

           The cabin divider begins to recede, and the side of Bruce’s 
           face becomes visible. 
                                 BRUCE
                        What was the code?

                                 VAN
                        Four one one eight six seven.  

           Bruce slows the Sprinter, lowers his window. 

           EXT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           The Van FROM BEHIND as it stalls outside a large gate. 

           Bruce extends his arm out, punches digits into a keypad. The 
           gate begins to recede, screeching mightily. For a moment it 
           seems as if it may be stuck, the mechanisms rusted together. 
           But then the screeching dies down and the gates finally 
           divide, allowing the van entry. 

           INT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           Bruce closes his window and the van makes its way along the 
           tree lined roadway, eventually coming to a stop deep in the 
           forest at the end of the trail. Van and Quinn emerge. 

                                 VAN
                        See you on the other side, friend. 

           Bruce winks at Van, rolls his window up, idles so that the 
           headlights can illuminate the area for the two of them. 

           Van procures a METAL DETECTOR and a SHOVEL, the latter of 
           which he hands to Quinn. 

           Van begins to scan the ground methodically. After a tense 
           thirty seconds or so, the metal detector begins to chirp 
           intermittently, the shrill beeping picking up in intensity 
           until Van arrives directly over his quarry. 

           Van exchanges the metal detector for the shovel, begins to 
           dig. 

           Quinn steps up, reaches for the shovel. 

                                 QUINN
                        I want to give it a go. 

           After a few hauls of dirt, the shovel clinks on metal. Quinn 
           removes the rest of the soil to reveal what appears to be a 
           MANHOLE COVER, which she pries open. 

           Van watches this, smitten. He steps up, peers down into the 
           exposed crevasse. 
                                 VAN
                        Just as promised. 

           Van restores the items to the back of the Sprinter, procuring 
           a thin black Maglite FLASH LIGHT, and a DERRINGER, saluting 
           Bruce through the window as he passes him, moves back to 
           Quinn. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Ready?

           Quinn nods, silent, steeled. Van shines the flashlight down 
           the manhole, hands it to Quinn, begins to climb down a 
           makeshift ladder.

           INT. TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS

           Van and Quinn make their way down the ladder. Van shines the 
           light ahead, revealing that they’ve arrived at the beginning 
           of what appears to be an ENDLESS TUNNEl, dark, damp, SILENT, 
           the glare of the flashlight BLINDING...

           INT. USP VICTORVILLE - NIGHT

           Same chaotic, intense prison scene. Except now we find Van 
           wearing a nondescript guard uniform. Van emerges from the 
           open cell, cuts a quick path in the direction from which the 
           guards first led him. 

           Van instinctively reaches down toward his waist, fingers the 
           handgun that rests there. 

           CLOSE ON Van’s hand, as he finally locates the SAFETY, flicks 
           it off. 

           The prisoners continue to hoot and holler, screaming 
           obscenities, realizing that Van is attempting an escape.

           Van stops briefly, comes face to face with the inmate who 
           made an obscene comment about his mother. Van moves directly 
           up to the bars of his cell, reaches a hand in, pulls his head 
           forward with force, smashing his face into the bars, killing 
           him with one swift motion. 

           Van, head down, continues on ahead, passes another guard 
           moving in the opposite direction.

           The guard, taking in a view of the mortally wounded prisoner, 
           turns, begins to hustle in Van’s direction. Van seems to 
           instinctively sense this, turns, and shoots the guard with a 
           double tap to the chest, followed by a coup de grace to the 
           head. 
           The guard falls to the ground and an alarm begins to blare in 
           response to the gunshots.

           Van hustles toward the secure checkpoint, reaches down, scans 
           the ID badge clipped to his uniform. A shrill beep rings out, 
           the door recedes, and Van disappears...

           EXT. SOUTHERN ALBERTA - NIGHT

           CHYRON: ALBERTA, CANADA

           PITCH BLACK

           This dark silence holds for a few moments, unsettling. 

           THEN

           The sound of metal scraping on metal, a sudden glare from a 
           flashlight.

           CLOSE ON Van while he balances himself on the rungs of the 
           ladder, and thrusts with his might to force the manhole cover 
           up off of the tunnel’s exit. 

           Van helps Quinn fully emerge from the depths of the tunnel, 
           illuminating the space around them.. 

           QUINN’S POV--

           A smartwatch. She pulls up a compass app, orients it to face 
           north. 

                                 QUINN
                        Let’s go. 

           Quinn takes Van’s hand, pointing the flashlight out ahead, 
           and the two of them traipse through the forest, the only 
           source of light coming from the Maglite.  

           Quinn peers down at her watch, ensures they’re still headed 
           in the right direction. 

           Just before Quinn is about to move forward, a BLOOD CURDLING 
           WAIL rings out through the forest, truly haunting.  

                                 QUINN (CONT’D)
                        What the hell?

           Van is about to say something when the cry repeats itself, 
           deafening. 

                                 VAN
                        Female mountain lion in heat. 
           Van indicates toward the derringer in his hand. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        We’ve got nothing to worry about. 

                                 QUINN
                        Let’s keep moving then. We’re 
                        almost there. 

           The two begin to forge ahead in the darkness. 

           PRE LAP-- The sound of more gunshots, men screaming...

           INT. USP VICTORVILLE - NIGHT

           BACK INSIDE THE PRISON

           Van shoots and kills a guard sitting behind a desk, keeping 
           watch over a panel of security cameras. Blood gushes down 
           from between his eyes, soaking his gray uniform. 

           A door directly in front of Van slides open, and a handful of 
           guards rush through. Van fires at them, and they return fire, 
           but they’re no match, each falling to the ground in quick 
           succession. 

           Van discards his handgun, reaches down, grabs another one off 
           a dead guard. A bullet whizzes past his head, and he turns, 
           shoots, kills another guard. In the chaos, Van slips out of 
           this security area, and pushes through an unmarked doorway, 
           making his way into a lengthy corridor. 

           VAN’S POV 

           A FIRE ESCAPE ROUTE MAP. 

           Van studies this for a moment. The door behind him whirls 
           open, and Van opens fire, killing another guard before 
           booking it in the direction of the exit. 

           EXT. SOUTHERN ALBERTA - NIGHT

           In the serene glow of a star infested sky, the faintest 
           outline of a 2 lane provincial highway is visible. A sign off 
           to the side of the road reads:

           CALGARY -- 320 KM / EDMONTON -- 610 KM

           Off in the distance, a tiny glowing orb appears, growing 
           larger with each second, eventually dividing into approaching 
           headlights. 
           As the vehicle approaches, the low hum of a diesel engine 
           rumbles, slightly unsettling. 

           PULL BACK

           To reveal Van and Quinn huddled together on the cusp of the 
           forest, right behind the sign, waiting for the arrival of the 
           Sprinter, which slows, stops by the sign. 

           Van and Quinn hustle out from their refuge, hop in the 
           Sprinter, the door having barely slid closed before the van 
           tears on ahead. 

           EXT. USP VICTORVILLE - NIGHT

           The prison complex from afar...

           SUDDENLY

           A siren blares, spotlights begin to whirl. 

           CLOSE ON Snipers decked out on the roof, eyes scanning the 
           grounds. One sniper takes aim, FIRES.

           FOLLOW the bullet’s path while it whizzes through the air, 
           hits the ground, just inches behind VAN, who makes a mad dash 
           from the prison complex, more bullets peppering the ground 
           all around him.

           Van knows exactly where the bullets are going to strike, 
           twisting and contorting himself so that they slice the air 
           just centimeters from his body, missing him.  

           Van rushes forward, gaining ground from the prison complex, 
           his breathing remaining steady. Bullets continue whirring all 
           around him.

           SUDDENLY-

           Van goes hurtling toward the earth, struck in the rear by a 
           bullet. He rolls awkwardly in the dirt and stills.  

           The gunfire ceases momentarily.

           A few seconds pass, during which Van remains motionless, 
           seemingly stunned.

           THEN

           As if injected with a shot of adrenaline, Van pulls himself 
           up off the earth and continues to storm on ahead. The snipers 
           begin to fire at him once more. 
           Off in the distance, the sound of DOGS BARKING... 

           Van continues sprinting, bullets continue to fly...but the 
           barking picks up in intensity, and the shooting ceases...

           Van stops, turns, his glare intense.

           VAN’S POV--

           A unit of four DOBERMANS charge at him, kicking up dust in 
           their wake. The dogs bark, SNARL. 

           Van takes aim, nails one between the eyes. The other three 
           forge on ahead. Van fires again, hitting one in the rear. It 
           goes down hard, skidding in the dirt while it yelps in agony.

           The two remaining Dobermans reach Van. In one deft motion, he 
           rears back, kicks one in the head, pivots, grabs the other 
           around the neck and, in an impossible display of strength, 
           hurls it through the air until it lands on the ground with a 
           sickening thud. 

           Van fires at the dog he kicked in the head, finishes it off. 
           The other dog, disoriented, barks at him, but does not make a 
           further rush toward him. 

           The snipers’ bullets begin to whizz toward Van again, and he 
           sprints on ahead, barely even sweating...

           EXT. LAKE CABIN - INNISFREE, ALBERTA - DAWN

           The sun’s earliest rays tickle a vast void of dark blue, a 
           LAKE surrounded by dense forest, trees taller than tall. You 
           might expect a brontosaurus to rise up out of this dark lake, 
           but we’re a few too many millennia late for that.

           The Sprinter van winds down a narrow dirt road, growing 
           closer to the lake. 

           We see an aging CABIN tucked neatly on the shore, guarded by 
           the mighty pines, barely visible from above. 

           The Sprinter comes to a standstill in front of the cabin, and 
           Van and Quinn alight. Van moves to the driver’s side door, 
           and the window recedes, lending us a glimpse of Bruce. 

                                 VAN 
                        Come in for a rest, will you?

                                 BRUCE
                        You know that I don’t need rest. 
                                 VAN
                        Right you are, sir. Right you are. 

                                 BRUCE
                        I should get to Edmonton by 9. It 
                        won’t take long to pull things 
                        together. The 777 is on its way up 
                        from Houston. We should be gassed 
                        up and good to go by tonight, 
                        and...well, I’d reckon you’ll be in 
                        the air before a new day arrives. 
                        Martinez has kept her word.  

                                 VAN
                        Sensational, my man. 

           Van reaches out his hand, shakes Bruce’s firm. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Thanks. You’ve been a blessing. 

                                 BRUCE
                        As always, Van, my pleasure.

           Van moves to the back of the Sprinter, grabs suitcases. Bruce 
           rolls the window up, and then begins to drive off. 

           Van carries the suitcases toward the cabin, Quinn trailing. 
           Van stops, takes in sight of the one story ranch style home, 
           a glimmer of nostalgia in his expression. He inhales, closes 
           his eyes. 

                                 VAN
                        Smells like I’m eight years old 
                        again. 

           Van opens his eyes, which appear a bit moist. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Goddamn, it’s been a while. 

                                 QUINN
                        It’s lovely. It really is. 

                                 VAN
                        I wish we could stay a while 
                        longer. But, you know...

           Van’s voice trails off, and he moves around the outside of 
           the cabin which is a bit rundown, proudly displaying its age. 

           Van stops in his tracks. 

           VAN’S POV--
           A decaying jungle gym, ancient, rusted. A swing dangles from 
           the setup, suspended by a lone chain. Another swing lies in 
           the dirt, surrounded by weeds, long abandoned. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        My childhood...

           Quinn makes her way toward the jungle gym, surveys it. 
           Finding it suitable, she climbs a rickety ladder, slides down 
           an old rusted slide. 

           Van grins, and Quinn plods over to him, gleeful. 

                                 QUINN
                        It was worth the ride up here just 
                        for that. 

           Quinn leans up, kisses Van. 

                                 QUINN (CONT’D)
                        Thanks for bringing me here. It’s 
                        as if...as if I’ve been here 
                        before. Slid down that very 
                        slide...it just feels like home. 

           Van is lost in his own mind, taking in the sight of his 
           childhood home juxtaposed with the love of his later life.

           Then Van breaks away from it, moves further along the outside 
           of the house. Van tries a backdoor, but it’s locked. 

                                 VAN 
                             (to himself)
                        I’d bet anything...

           Van turns over several pots, finds a key. 

           INT. LAKE CABIN - CONTINUOUS

           The cabin is as dated on the inside as it is on the outside. 
           Floral patterned furniture, long faded, is surrounded by old 
           photos of young Van’s childhood. A large flat screen TV 
           mounted above the mantle reminds us that we’re still in the 
           21st century. 

           Van and Quinn enter quickly. 

                                 VAN
                        So yeah, welcome. 

                                 QUINN
                        How long’s it been?
           Van is silent for a moment. He exhales, moves further inside, 
           slides an arm around Quinn’s lower back while she peers up at 
           a photograph of a young Van beaming, holding out a fish still 
           dangling from the reel, his father standing next to him, 
           proud. 

                                 VAN
                        The better part of two decades. Dad 
                        and I haven’t spoken since I left 
                        for Tokyo. After MIT. He took it 
                        hard enough after I left for 
                        Massachusetts. ‘The United States 
                        is one border too many to cross, 
                        Van.’ He thought then, and maybe he 
                        still feels this way now...that I’d 
                        be content to live my life in 
                        Edmonton, running the family 
                        sporting goods store. You know, 
                        pride. 
                             (beat)
                        Then I was in the UK for a while, 
                        researching, and that was hard 
                        enough for him. Mom died while I 
                        was over there, and I think...I 
                        think he felt that I’d abandoned 
                        them, that I’d grown too big, too 
                        smart, too good for Alberta. But 
                        then Tokyo--that was the final 
                        straw. For a few months I thought 
                        there was an issue with my mail or 
                        something, I just wasn’t getting 
                        through. Tried calling, but back 
                        then, you know, it was a hassle to 
                        get through to Canada from all that 
                        way. But eventually I did...left 
                        messages, all that...and eventually 
                        it sunk in. He’d moved on with his 
                        life.    

                                 QUINN
                        So he’s never...you know....

                                 VAN
                             (scoffing)
                        Asked for money?
                             (beat)
                        Too proud. If only he could set 
                        aside his own pride, maybe shed an 
                        ounce of it on me...

                                 QUINN
                        I’m sure he’s proud of you. 
           Quinn takes Van’s hand in her own. Van breaks his attention 
           away from the picture, begins to move toward the living area. 

                                 VAN
                        Well, I reckon we ought to get a 
                        bit of sleep, right?

           Quinn leans up, kisses Van. 

                                 QUINN
                             (amused)
                        I reckon. 

           EXT. GAS STATION - EARLY MORNING

           It’s the gas station from the teaser, and the same lone 
           California Highway Patrol car sits outside.

           THEN

           The outhouse door pushes open, and Van Danzen emerges, 
           dressed in the highway patrolman’s uniform, the wide brimmed 
           hat obscuring his face, a handgun holstered on his waist. 

           Van moves toward the AM/PM, pulls the gun from his holster, 
           flicks the safety off, lets it hang by his side while he 
           pushes the door open...

           INT. AM/PM - CONTINUOUS

           Bells jangle to announce Van Danzen’s entry into the 
           convenience store. A lone attendant sits behind the counter, 
           focused on a book. 

           Van walks up to the attendant, who directs his gaze up. 
           Before we even see the whites of his eyes, Van blows his 
           brains out with a close range shot to the forehead. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. AM/PM - LATER

           Our POV is of a trunk stocked with water and snacks. Van 
           slams the trunk shut, hops into the cruiser fires up the 
           ignition, and hastily tears out of the parking lot...
           INT. LAKE CABIN - DAY

           Van and Quinn are intertwined under a faded, patterned 
           blanket, asleep on the couch. A gentle rain falls, pitter 
           pattering on the roof. 

           Outside, the sound of an approaching vehicle picks up in 
           strength until we hear the tires skittering over gravel. The 
           car comes to a stop, the engine dies. 

           Neither Van nor Quinn stirs. 

           The sound of the car’s door opening, followed by the sound of 
           it slamming. Footsteps on gravel. A key being jabbed into the 
           lock, which turns. 

           The door pushes open and VAN SHOOTS UP FROM HIS SLUMBER. 

           VAN’S POV--

           Lingering in the doorway, stunned, is a male figure, early 
           70s, wearing an old brown canvas jacket with elbow patches, 
           wiry white hair peeking out from under a navy blue Edmonton 
           Oilers beanie. 

                                 OLDER MALE
                        Oh good lord. 

                                 VAN
                        Dad!

           Quinn stirs, pulls herself up to a seated position on the 
           couch startled. 

                                 VAN’S FATHER
                        What in God’s name...

           Van’s father quickly shuts the door, moves to the table, 
           balances himself on a chair. 

           Van rises from the couch, moves toward his father. 

                                 VAN
                        Pa...

           Van’s father stares up at him, pale, viewing a revenant.

                                 VAN’S FATHER
                        Please...don’t hurt me. That’s all 
                        I ask of you. You can...you can 
                        stay here as long as you--

                                 VAN
                        Dad. I’m not going to hurt you. 
           Van takes a seat opposite his father, tilting the chair 
           around. 

           Quinn looks on, curious, unsure. 

                                 VAN’S FATHER
                        How did you get here so fast? This 
                        just doesn’t seem possible...

           Van’s father coughs heavily, catches his breath.

                                 VAN
                        Still on the smokes, huh?

           A sliver of a grin announces itself on Van’s father’s 
           reddened face. 

                                 VAN’S FATHER
                        But really, how on earth...

           Van’s father, coming out of his initial shock, takes in sight 
           of Quinn. 

                                 VAN’S FATHER (CONT’D)
                        Aren’t you going to introduce me to 
                        your guest?

           Van turns, realizes Quinn is right next to him, his own 
           initial shock also starting to subside. 

                                 VAN
                        Of course. Quinn, this is my 
                        father, Neil. Dad, Quinn...

           Quinn rises from the couch and Neil steadies himself on the 
           back of his chair, pushes himself up. 

                                 NEIL 
                        Neil Danzen. It’s a pleasure. 

                                 QUINN
                        It’s very nice to meet you.

           Quinn smiles, seemingly charmed to meet the father of her 
           love. Neil swallows, clearly shocked by all of this. 

                                 NEIL
                        But how...how could you be here 
                        right now?

                                 VAN
                        Dad, there’s a lot I’ve got to 
                        explain--
                                 NEIL
                        I never took you for a killer, Van. 
                        I figured the Miles thing...it had 
                        to be a mistake. But what you did 
                        last night? 

                                 VAN
                        What are you talking about?

           Neil’s face registers pure confusion, he stammers, unable to 
           find words. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Pa, what on earth are you talking 
                        about?

           Van moves toward his father, intense, his face now just 
           inches away.

                                 NEIL
                        Your escape...you killed 10 people 
                        last night. Prisoners, prison 
                        guards--

           Van’s face takes on a facade of panic. He rushes toward the 
           TV, his eyes darting across the table below. He takes the 
           remote in his hand, turns the TV on, begins to flip channels.

                                 VAN
                        What channel is CNN?

                                 NEIL
                        I don’t...try CBC. 4.

           Van switches CBC on. The TV instantly brings us back to USP 
           VICTORVILLE, which is like a scene from a war zone. The place 
           is surrounded by military vehicles, helicopters swirling 
           overhead. 

           A female anchor, mid 40s appears on the broadcast. Van moves 
           closer to the TV staring at her not even a foot away.

                                 BROADCASTER
                             (on TV)
                        And now we have more breaking news. 
                        Early this morning, just hours 
                        after Van’s violent escape, a 
                        sheriff was found dead outside a 
                        nearby Shell petrol station, and 
                        the attendant at the adjacent 
                        convenience store was gunned down. 
                        Authorities believe Van Danzen is 
                        responsible for the slayings. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 BROADCASTER (CONT'D)
                        We’ll get you more information on 
                        this turn of events as it comes in.  
                             (beat)
                        Again, our cameras are live from 
                        nearby USP Victorville, where just 
                        last night Van Danzen pulled off 
                        the first escape from a United 
                        States federal prison since Richard 
                        Lee McNair broke free from a prison 
                        in Pollock, Louisiana in 2006. 

           Van brings his hands to his head, begins pulling his hair, 
           highly agitated. 

                                 VAN
                             (to himself)
                        Fuck, fuck, fuck...

           Quinn looks from Van to Neil and then back to Van, trying to 
           piece it all together. 

                                 BROADCASTER
                             (on TV)
                        A statewide manhunt is now 
                        underway, with both federal and 
                        state authorities searching for Van 
                        Danzen. As of now, authorities 
                        believe Van may have made his 
                        getaway in a stolen California 
                        Highway Patrol vehicle belonging to 
                        the deceased officer, and they are 
                        urging civilians to keep a close 
                        eye out on their morning commute.

           Neil rises from his chair takes the remote from Van, mutes 
           the TV. 

                                 NEIL
                        Please. What in the hell is going 
                        on here?

           OFF VAN’S SHOCKED FACE...

           INT. FBI BUILDING - DAY

           Agent Martinez sits at her desk poring over a print out, 
           clearly STRESSED. Suddenly her computer pings her, and an 
           incoming video chat announces itself. 

           Martinez grimaces, accepts the call. A stern, 60s something 
           male face comes into view, crystal clear. This is FBI 
           DIRECTOR GARY SHANAHAN. 
                                 SHANAHAN
                        You have one objective and only one 
                        objective. Find Van Danzen. 
                             (beat, snarling)
                        Both Van Danzens. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What gives you reason to think 
                        there are two Van Danzens?

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Have you read the incident report 
                        from USP Victorville?

           Martinez holds up the paperwork she’s been reading. 

                                 SHANAHAN (CONT’D)
                        There’s no way Van Danzen-- the 
                        real Van Danzen-- pulled that kind 
                        of stunt off. No way. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        He is a martial artist--

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Real life isn’t like the movie 
                        Rambo. One human being cannot make 
                        the kind of break he made last 
                        night. Do I need to spell it out 
                        for you?

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I am aware of the situation, Gary. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Then why are you sitting at your 
                        desk? There are 2 homicidal maniacs 
                        on the loose right now--

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What makes you think both of them 
                        are homicidal? 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Here we go again. You defending Van 
                        Danzen. I’m beginning to grow 
                        certain that the two of you--

                                 MARTINEZ
                        You’re out of line. 

           Shanahan glares at Martinez, growing impatient. 
                                 SHANAHAN
                        I’m going to clearly illustrate 
                        this situation for President 
                        Whitley. And I hope for your sake, 
                        and mine, that by the time I leave 
                        his office, you’ll have some notion 
                        of where these 2 motherfuckers are.

           Shanahan clicks off and the screen goes black. Martinez 
           crumples the paper into a ball, hurls it. 

           INT. CRUISER - DAY

           Van’s same face, only it’s focused, stern, obscured by a pair 
           of black AVIATOR sunglasses. 

           CLOSE ON the dashboard to reveal that he’s clipping along at 
           a rate of 110 MPH. 

           In the BG, the police radio is going wild, Van monitoring 
           what’s going on. 

           EXT. HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS

           FROM ABOVE

           The cruiser flies through the left lane of this 2 lane 
           highway. Cars move aside, pulling into the right lane as the 
           cruiser tears on by. 

           The cruiser slows parallel to a black Volkswagen. 

           VAN’S POV--

           A female driver, mid 60s. Van quickly looks away, engages the 
           engine, pushes on ahead, coming parallel to a black pickup 
           truck. Van peers up, sees it’s being driven by a slender, 
           elderly Asian man. 

           Van guns it on ahead once more, comes parallel to a shiny 
           black BMW 5 series sedan. He looks over, takes in sight of a 
           middle aged white male, similar in build to himself. Van 
           turns his lights and siren on, pulls the BMW over. 

           BIRDS’ EYE VIEW

           The BMW slows to a stop on the side of the road, the cruiser 
           slamming on its brakes just inches from the BMW’s rear 
           bumper. Van quickly alights, strides toward the BMW, reaches 
           for his gun. 

           DRIVER’S POV--
           Through the BMW’s lowered window, the highway patrolman’s 
           face is barely visible beneath his wide brimmed hat. 

                                 DRIVER
                        Officer, is--

           Van reaches in, opens the car door, and pulls the 
           unsuspecting driver out by the neck, hurling him to the 
           pavement with unreal force. 

           VAN’S POV--

           The driver rolls over, stares up, face bloodied. Before he 
           can open his mouth, Van blasts his skull apart with a 
           perfectly placed bullet to the forehead. 

           Quickly, Van drags the departed around the back of the car, 
           stuffs him inside the trunk, and then tears off in the BMW...

                                 VAN (O.S.)
                        My life started to go south after I 
                        took Sentience Corp public, five 
                        years ago...

           INT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY

           Van sits at the table with his father and Quinn, looking 
           pale, the TV on mute in the BG, now showing aerial footage of 
           the gas station complex.

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        At the same time, I was lobbying 
                        hard on behalf of Caroline Davidson 
                        for President, you know, a 
                        Democrat. And I rubbed Wayne 
                        Whitley the wrong way. When he won 
                        the election, the feds started 
                        trailing me, digging deep, trying 
                        to find anything they could. He’s a 
                        real vindictive sonofabitch that 
                        Whitley. About a year into his 
                        term, I got a call from him, 
                        inviting me to Washington. I was 
                        skeptical, but I agreed to a 
                        clandestine sit down. It’s just, 
                        you know, unwise to say no to the 
                        President. 

           Van exhales, looks at Quinn, a bit of pain in his eyes. 
                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        In the years following the success 
                        of Plasmoxy, I’d set my sights on a 
                        more ambitious project. 
                             (beat)
                        I made it my life’s mission to 
                        bring a true Humanoid to life. I’d 
                        been working on it off and on for 
                        years, dating back to the time I 
                        spent researching in Tokyo.

                                 NEIL
                        A what?

                                 VAN
                        A Humanoid. A fully functioning, 
                        entirely artificial human being. 
                        Something so evolved that when it 
                        interacts with other human beings, 
                        its behavior rings so true, so 
                        authentic, that they simply cannot 
                        discern it as anything other than 
                        human, like them. 

           Neil’s face registers a melange of horror and fascination. 

           Quinn remains silent, her face pensive. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        And I succeeded. 

                                 NEIL
                        How on earth...

                                 VAN
                        In layman’s terms, on a physical 
                        level, it has a lot to do with 
                        highly advanced forms of 3D 
                        printing. Creating life like matter-
                        -flesh, bone, hair, it’s all easily 
                        reproduced now in my laboratory. 
                        Not only that, it’s regenerative. 
                        You know, like how certain lizards 
                        can grow a tail back after losing 
                        it. My Humanoids feel pain, just as 
                        humans, but they heal in a matter 
                        of minutes. 
                             (beat)
                        And, on a non-organic level, it’s 
                        about programming code that mirrors 
                        the function of the human central 
                        nervous system. To the touch, it 
                        was real skin, real flesh, real 
                        bone. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT'D)
                        But inside...it took years to 
                        figure out how to reproduce the 
                        human psyche on an artificial 
                        basis. But I did. And the President 
                        wanted in. 

                                 NEIL
                        I don’t understand...

           Van rises from his seat at the table, begins pacing the small 
           living area, his eyes darting toward the TV every so often. 

           The POV Feeds on the screen shift back and forth between 
           Aerial views of USP Victorville and the gas station complex.  

                                 VAN
                        The feds uncovered what no 
                        journalist, what no civilian had up 
                        until that point realized.
                             (beat)
                        Miles Russell had no past. There 
                        was no birth certificate. All the 
                        degrees he’d supposedly earned over 
                        the years--fake. I’d created him to 
                        serve my ends for Sentience 
                        Corporation, and to prove to myself 
                        that my creation could hold its own 
                        in the world. Essentially, he was 
                        the first truly passable Humanoid. 
                        For the first six months of his 
                        existence, Miles did not see the 
                        light of day. But once I got his 
                        personality and psyche down pat, I 
                        knew I had a special resource. And 
                        that’s when I “promoted” him to 
                        partner at the corporation. I had 
                        created fake social media accounts, 
                        fake articles online...I used my 
                        resources to make his past real. 

           Van laughs to himself, the absurdity of it all not lost on 
           him. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Whitley agreed to let me keep the 
                        project secret if I agreed to lend 
                        myself in pursuit of his own 
                        devices. He recognized the way the 
                        project could change national 
                        security, the way this country 
                        defends itself against threats. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        He was envisioning entire armies of 
                        humanoids, but first, he wanted a 
                        perfect replica Humanoid of himself 
                        created. He agreed that if I was 
                        able to pull that off, and if I was 
                        willing to work with the government 
                        to further their ends, that the 
                        project would remain a secret. I 
                        knew that if the technology were 
                        exposed too soon, it would never be 
                        able to reach its full potential, 
                        and thus I was cornered. Whitley 
                        was minutes away from holding a 
                        press conference, ready to expose 
                        my creation to the world. So I 
                        agreed.

           Van stops, balancing himself on the back of a chair, levering 
           up and down on the balls of his feet, as if doing calf 
           raises. It’s clear he’s tense, anxious. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        So I did what I knew I could do. I 
                        created a Humanoid of President 
                        Whitley. And something...something 
                        in that moment-- the real Whitley 
                        observing himself as a Humanoid, 
                        interacting with something that 
                        looked, sounded, felt just like the 
                        man himself-- it set him off. But 
                        by then, he had all the trade 
                        secrets, all the insight. I’d been 
                        under surveillance the entire time. 
                        I wasn’t surprised when I heard 
                        that Miles was stabbed to death 
                        with a screwdriver outside our 
                        headquarters. I knew they’d carried 
                        out the murder. Because they were 
                        the only ones who knew that such an 
                        advanced, and extraordinary 
                        technology had such a simple, 
                        rudimentary kryptonite. A 
                        screwdriver. 

                                 NEIL
                        I don’t follow. 

                                 VAN
                        The entire personality, psyche, 
                        soul-- whatever you want to call 
                        it...the non-physical element of 
                        the technology...it’s stored on a 
                        small chip. A chip. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT'D)
                        Literally embedded inside the 
                        Humanoid’s brain. And the only way 
                        to truly disable one is to destroy 
                        the Humanoid with a sharp, pointed 
                        object through the ears. It’s a 
                        startlingly simple way to destroy 
                        such a wonderfully advanced 
                        creation. It’s essentially no 
                        different than resetting an old 
                        Tomagatchi with a toothpick. 

                                 NEIL
                             (realizing)
                        So Whitley...he, the feds...they 
                        framed you...

           Van nods, returns to a seated position at the table. 

                                 VAN
                        I considered going public, 
                        revealing the entire project to 
                        prove that not only was Miles’s 
                        murder a setup, but that it really 
                        wasn’t a murder at all, that he 
                        wasn’t real to begin with. But I 
                        knew I was fighting an uphill 
                        battle. The feds incinerated the 
                        body quickly after “discovering” 
                        it. So there was no way to prove 
                        that Miles Russell the human being 
                        had never existed. Unless I exposed 
                        the entire technology under oath, 
                        you know, testifying before 
                        congress. It would have all entered 
                        the public domain in that instance. 
                        I couldn’t let that happen. 

                                 NEIL
                        Why didn’t you flee then?

                                 VAN
                        I made a deal with the FBI agent 
                        who brought me down. She knew, deep 
                        down, that I wasn’t the threat. 
                        That it was President Whitley, and 
                        what he might use the technology 
                        for.
                             (beat)
                        Special Agent Martinez was vital in 
                        prosecuting me. But she also 
                        understood the importance of 
                        keeping the technology from the 
                        public. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT'D)
                        And she also had perspective on the 
                        President’s wrath. She agreed to 
                        influence the federal government, 
                        so that I could post bail, and have 
                        the time I needed to perfect my own 
                        Humanoid...

                                 NEIL
                        Oh my god...the prison escape...

                                 VAN
                        My Humanoid escaped. I never set 
                        foot inside of a prison. My 
                        Humanoid was supposed to buy me the 
                        time necessary to prove my 
                        innocence and bring down President 
                        Whitley for his far reaching 
                        conspiracy.  

           Neil looks to Quinn. 

                                 NEIL
                        You knew none of this?

           Quinn swallows, trying to find words, but none come out. 
           She’s been rendered completely speechless. Van quickly 
           changes the subject. 

                                 VAN
                        Martinez had a plea deal crafted 
                        up, and we agreed that I’d reject 
                        it, and let the case drag on to 
                        trial. It gave me the time to 
                        perfect a version of myself that 
                        would trick the federal 
                        authorities, allow me to escape, 
                        figure out what to do next. But 
                        it’s clear to me now that I’ve 
                        created something that exists 
                        outside the construct of what it 
                        means to be human. And in doing so, 
                        I brought a monster into this 
                        world.  

           EXT. HIGHWAY 2, ANGELES NATIONAL FOREST - DAY

           CHYRON: ANGELES NATIONAL FOREST

           CLOSE ON a black and white CHP cruiser tucked in between 
           shrubs on the side of the highway. 

           WHEN SUDDENLY
           The Black BMW rifles by, going at least 90. The CHP cruiser’s 
           lights and siren kick on, and the car tears out after the 
           BMW. 

           FROM ABOVE

           The cruiser has a few hundred yards or so to gain on the BMW, 
           which deftly maneuvers the curves and crags of this scenic, 
           remote state highway. 

                                 OFFICER 
                             (through bullhorn)
                        Pull your vehicle over to the side 
                        of the road immediately. 

           CLOSE ON VAN behind the wheel of the BMW, eyes focused on the 
           road ahead, forearm rigid, guiding the car like Jeff Gordon 
           at the Winston Cup final in 1998. 

           The cruiser’s engine is fully engaged and it roars along the 
           asphalt, gaining ground on the heftier BMW sedan. 

           Van peers into the rearview, notes this. He swings into the 
           oncoming traffic lane, passes a slow moving vehicle, 
           continues on ahead. 

                                 OFFICER (CONT’D)
                             (bullhorn)
                        Pull over your vehicle NOW. 

           Van reaches into his waistband, pulls out a handgun, takes 
           the steering wheel with his other arm, and begins firing at 
           the cruiser through the driver’s side window. 

           The cruiser swerves, avoiding the gunfire. The BMW continues 
           around a bend and encounters another cop car, parked on the 
           side of the road. 

           An officer stands there, firing at Van as he flies by, to no 
           avail. 

           Van peers down at the gas gauge. NEARING EMPTY. 

           Van scans the road ahead, noticing a smattering of cars, 
           moving over to the side of the road, hearing the approaching 
           sirens. 

           Van looks up to the rearview mirror, notices a bevy of cop 
           cars behind him now. He sets his sights on a red DUCATI 
           motorcycle riding tight along the center line and Van guns 
           the BMW. 
           With the cruisers closing in, Van approaches the motorcycle, 
           pulling up alongside it. He tucks his handgun into his belt, 
           and eyes the driver, who turns, takes sight of him, confused. 

           In the blink of an eye, Van throws the BMW door open, 
           balancing himself on the edge of the car, using his free hand 
           to keep the steering wheel in check, a truly insane display 
           of balance. 

           THEN

           Van throws himself off of the BMW and wraps himself around 
           the motorcyclist, who loses control. 

           FROM ABOVE the motorcycle skids and weaves along the road, 
           still upright. Van positions himself so that he’s behind the 
           driver, leaning down, controlling the bike like it’s a jet 
           ski. 

           The squadron of cruisers is now right on Van’s ass. Realizing 
           he has to make a move, Van breaks the motorcyclist’s arm with 
           one felt bash, and tosses the guy off the bike. 

           The bike briefly loses control, but Van rights it in the nick 
           of time and then guns it on ahead through a long, downhill 
           straightaway. 

           VRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM

           The bike rages down this slope. 

           VAN’S POV--

           Approaching in the distance is the undeniable sight of a 
           roadblock. He’s trapped. Van throttles the bike even harder, 
           gunning straight toward this roadblock. 

           It’s now only yards away, a certainty he’s going to crash 
           right into it 

           WHEN

           Van thrusts, turns the bike and SAILS right over the edge of 
           the road, flying majestically into a vast crevasse of the 
           ANGELES NATIONAL FOREST.

           The stunned police officers watch with a mix of astonishment 
           and relief as the bike grows smaller, smaller, smaller until 
           the faintest sound of a crash is heard...

           INT. OVAL OFFICE - DAY

           THE OVAL OFFICE
           President Whitley sits behind the garish desk, his focus 
           poised on his phone. On the wall adjacent to the seating 
           area, a TV plays CNN on MUTE. Price Collinsworth’s visage is 
           on the screen, and the President looks up, scowls, turns his 
           focus back to his phone. 

           A KNOCK. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Yeah?

           Silence. After a moment, the door pushes open slowly to 
           reveal a tall, wiry, early 60s male. We recognize him as FBI 
           DIRECTOR GARY SHANAHAN. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        Come in, come in. 

           Whitley beckons Shanahan in. Shanahan arrives at a seat 
           facing the President, balances his hands on the back of the 
           chair. 

           President Whitley narrows his eyes, confused. After an 
           awkward moment, Shanahan gets the memo, sits. As soon as he 
           does, President Whitley rises from his chair, wheels it 
           aside, and takes a perch on the edge of the ventilation 
           system, peering down at Shanahan. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        Tell me everything.

                                 SHANAHAN
                        I assure you. We’ll have him in 
                        custody within hours. There’s 
                        nowhere to go. It’s the desert.

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                             (nervous)
                        Are we dealing with...you know...

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Potentially. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Fuck. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        I’d say probably. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Fuck, fuck, fuck. 
                             (beat)
                        Martinez...she knows too much. 
                                 SHANAHAN
                        I wouldn’t worry about her, sir. 
                        We’re calling her back to DC. For 
                        her safety. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Okay. And the Humanoid...is there 
                        any location on it yet?

           Shanahan shakes his head, grim. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        Well find it, goddamnit! 

           Whitley slaps his hand on his leg, rises from his half 
           sitting perch, moves around the office to the TV. 

           PRESIDENT WHITLEY’S POV--

           Price Collinsworth’s mouth babbles silently, a Chyron reads:

           PRESIDENT WHITLEY’S SILENCE GAINS VOTERS’ ATTENTION

           Whitley reaches for the remote, unmutes the TV. Shanahan 
           rises, moves toward Whitley. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH
                             (on broadcast)
                        ...without a doubt. Of course, with 
                        the Iowa Caucus just a matter of 
                        months from now, one has to wonder 
                        whether this kind of fiasco could 
                        be the coral branch that sinks the 
                        ship. Will voters hold Whitley’s 
                        silence against him? Nearly 12 
                        hours and counting since we last 
                        heard from the President. One has 
                        to wonder what exactly he knows 
                        that the American people don’t. 

           Price flashes a smug look, nodding to himself. Whitley turns 
           the TV off, turns to Shanahan, growling. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Figure this the fuck out. 

                                 SHANAHAN 
                        I think...I think the wisest thing 
                        to do, right now, is to call off 
                        the fundraiser. Maybe take a trip 
                        down to Palm B--

           Whitley absolutely GLARES through Shanahan, his face growing 
           redder by the second. 
                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        No! Are you fucking kidding me? Did 
                        you just hear a single word that 
                        came out of his mouth?

           Whitley gesticulates wildly toward the TV, and Shanahan tries 
           to dodge spittle, but it’s to no avail. He wipes at his face, 
           unnerved. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        It would be unwise, sir, to step 
                        into the belly of the beast. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        What in the fuck does that mean? 
                             (beat)
                        Christ. California is our make or 
                        break state, goddamnit! 

           Whitley leans in close to Shanahan, snarling, unhinged. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        Figure...this...the...fuck...out!

           Whitley storms out of the office, slamming the door behind 
           him, leaving Shanahan alone...

           Ext. Strip Mall Parking Lot - day

           CHYRON: SHERMAN OAKS, CA

           A nondescript strip mall in the San Fernando Valley.

           A silver Jeep Cherokee pulls in to the wide parking lot, 
           settles on a spot, parks. 

           Humanoid Van sits behind the wheel of the BMW he stole, still 
           a bit battered from his epic fall. 

           Humanoid Van watches as a stocky, bald, suited figure emerges 
           from the truck. We recognize this fellow as MARK FARKMAN, the 
           federal attorney that President Whitley commended in DC the 
           day before. 

           Farkman moves toward a Coffee Bean, and yawns before he 
           disappears inside. 

           Humanoid Van exits the BMW and strides toward the Jeep. He 
           tries the back door-- Farkman remembered to lock it. 

           Humanoid Van moves around the back of the car, scans the 
           parking lot ensuring he’s alone, and picks the lock on the 
           trunk door. 
           Humanoid Van surveys the lot once more, ensuring he’s unseen, 
           and then gets in the trunk, pulling it closed.  

           INT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY

           THROUGH A WINDOW 

           Quinn walks alongside the lake deep in thought. 

           Van steps back from the window, turns to face his father, who 
           stands in front of the TV, rapt. 

                                 BROADCASTER 
                             (on TV)
                        Just breaking now...authorities in 
                        Southern California engaged Van 
                        Danzen in a high speed pursuit 
                        through the Angeles National 
                        Forest, during which time he killed 
                        an unsuspecting motorcyclist, 
                        before stealing that vehicle and 
                        driving it off a sheer cliff into 
                        the forest below. Authorities are 
                        currently searching for the 
                        motorcycle and Van Danzen’s body, 
                        but they have come up empty handed, 
                        and are urging all Southern 
                        Californians to be on the lookout 
                        for any suspicious behavior, 
                        especially fast moving vehicles.
                             (beat)
                        President Whitley, who is scheduled 
                        to depart Washington later this 
                        afternoon, has not called off his 
                        previously scheduled trip to Los 
                        Angeles. Furthermore, he is yet to 
                        issue a statement on Van Danzen’s 
                        violent prison break, and has not 
                        announced any intention to call off 
                        the fundraiser planned for later 
                        this week in the wake of the 
                        escape.

           Van comes to a standstill next to his father. He turns the TV 
           off. 

                                 VAN
                        I think you should go now. 

           Neil remains silent, nods. 
                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        For your own safety. He might be 
                        coming after me. The Feds, too...I 
                        don’t want you to get sucked in to 
                        this. 

           Van looks out, admires Quinn for a moment before turning back 
           to face his father. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        I made him too powerful, too 
                        strong. I engineered his attributes 
                        to thrive amongst the brutality and 
                        violence of maximum security 
                        prison. I didn’t realize just how 
                        powerful those attributes would 
                        translate to be. There wasn’t 
                        enough time to test the thing under 
                        any reasonable set of 
                        circumstances. This thing...it’s a 
                        destructive force the likes of 
                        which this earth has never known. 
                        And I need to go back. I need to 
                        stop him. 

                                 NEIL
                        Go back?

                                 VAN
                        To Los Angeles. I have a hunch 
                        that’s where he’s going. My 
                        Humanoid has no concept of the fact 
                        that he’s fake, a creation. Based 
                        on his programming, he’d have 
                        memory of everything that has 
                        actually happened to me in my 
                        lifetime, up until the point at 
                        which I brought him into 
                        consciousness. He thinks he’s me. 
                        His memory picks up just before 
                        Martinez and I worked out an 
                        arrangement, and he has no 
                        recollection of the role she played 
                        in helping me. I programmed him to 
                        be rage filled, aggressive, 
                        destructive, to survive by any 
                        means necessary. I made him an 
                        expert marksman, a trained hand to 
                        hand combat fighter, a gifted long 
                        distance runner, etc. 
                             (beat)
                        The Humanoid...in many ways, it’s 
                        me. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT'D)
                        But in so many more ways it’s 
                        killing machine that looks just 
                        like me. 

           EXT. STRIP MALL PARKING LOT - DAY

           Humanoid Van is hidden in the back seats of the Jeep.

           The door opens, and Mark Farkman plops into the seat, 
           sticking a tall iced coffee into a cupholder. 

           As he fires up the ignition, Humanoid Van rises from his 
           coiled position, wraps his hands around Farkman’s neck, and 
           breaks it, a child snapping a flower’s stem. 

           Humanoid Van hustles out of the car, walks calmly away from 
           the Jeep, avoiding the eyes of passing shoppers

           Humanoid Van discreetly tries to open the driver’s side door 
           of an Audi, but it’s locked. He then tries a handful of other 
           cars until the door to a Chevy Malibu opens. 

           Humanoid Van hops up inside, expertly hot wires the car, and 
           cautiously drives out of the parking lot.

           EXT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY

           Van’s POV is of his phone. He sends a text to BRUCE, but we 
           don’t see it. 

           Van then turns, regards his father standing there, lingering 
           by the door. 

                                 NEIL
                        I wish it had been under better 
                        circumstances...but it’s been nice 
                        to see you, son. 
                             (beat)
                        And just so you know...

           Neil chokes up a bit, looks away, too proud to let his son 
           see the display of emotion that’s welling up. 

                                 NEIL (CONT’D)
                             (emotional)
                        Just so you know...I was proud of 
                        you. All these years. All the 
                        things you accomplished. 

           Van nods, moves to his father, embraces him. 
                                 NEIL (CONT’D)
                        Can I ask you something?

           Van pulls back from his father, his own face red, emotions 
           evident. 

                                 VAN
                        Anything. 

           Neil looks out the window watches Quinn, who is now knee deep 
           in the lake, bewitched by the natural beauty that surrounds 
           her.

                                 NEIL
                        Is Quinn...

           Van looks away, slightly ashamed. Neil nods knowingly. 

                                 NEIL (CONT’D)
                        Doesn’t it get lonely? 

           Van betrays no emotion, suddenly cold. 

           Neil feels the chill and moves to the door, opens it. 

                                 VAN
                        Hey Pa...

           Neil stops, turns to face his son. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        It was good to see you. 

           Neil nods, exits, closes the door behind him. 

           Van moves to the window, watches while Neil bids quinn 
           farewell. Van then moves into the kitchen, begins rummaging 
           through drawers. 

           VAN’S POV--

           Silverware, trinkets, stacks of old letters. 

           Van rifles until he finds a red and lacquer handled 
           SCREWDRIVER. Van takes the screwdriver in hand and moves to 
           the window. 

           VAN’S POV through the window is of his father getting into a 
           medium sized Honda SUV. Quinn watches him while he fires up 
           the ignition, drives off. 

           Van moves toward the front door, carefully opens it, steps 
           outside. 
           EXT. LAKE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

           Van watches his father’s car grow smaller. Quinn watches, 
           seemingly entranced.

           Van moves closer to Quinn, and she turns, sensing his 
           presence. In one deft motion, Van raises the screwdriver from 
           his side and jabs it right through Quinn’s ear. She drops to 
           the ground, convulsing violently. 

           Van moves away, unable to look at this sight, wretches a few 
           times, finally vomits...

           EXT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - DAY

           CHRYON: DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES

           Establishing shot of a sleek, all glass cube shaped building 
           surrounded entirely by steel bollards rising up out of dull 
           cement. 

           Engraved in the side of the building, next to the sliding 
           glass door entrance, are the words 

           UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE

           PULL BACK to reveal a male figure as he approaches the 
           entrance, wearing a black hat pulled low, wide rimmed Persol 
           glasses obscuring his face, long blond hair flowing out in 
           every which way, bouncing along with each step. 

           Despite the wig, we can make out that this fellow is HUMANOID 
           VAN DANZEN. He strides briskly past a lengthy reflection 
           pool, in which the federal government’s SEAL shimmers, 
           rippling atop the water.  

           The glass sliding doors swallow Humanoid Van...

           INT. FEDERAL COURTHOUSE - DAY

           Humanoid Van’s footsteps echo through the cavernous lobby, 
           lengthy pieces of artwork staring down at him.

           Van approaches a set of metal detectors, keeps his head down 
           as he empties keys into a plastic tray, and moves on ahead. 
           The security guard working there pays him no mind, more 
           focused on a game on his phone, and Van grabs his keys, 
           continues on. 

           Humanoid Van comes to a bench near a set of elevators, takes 
           a seat, averts his eyes from the scores of security cameras. 
           He scans the lobby, surveying.
           HUMANOID VAN’S POV--

           The courthouse is sparsely populated at the moment. A guard 
           walks around, surveying the space. A couple of aides come and 
           go, mostly looking at their phone screens.

           Van notices an approaching female figure, mid 50s, wearing 
           business attire, looking stern. 

           This is THE HONORABLE LOUISA JEFFERSON. He looks away as she 
           approaches, moves past him, swipes a card on the panel 
           outside the elevators. 

           She lingers for a moment, contemplating something on her 
           phone. Humanoid Van Danzen watches her all the while before 
           he moves to the elevator.

           The elevator doors swing open. A couple of aides shuffle out, 
           and JUDGE JEFFERSON steps into the elevator. At the last 
           moment, Humanoid Van squeaks by, enters.  

           INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS

           The Judge just barely glimpses up from her phone, catches the 
           back of Humanoid Van’s head as he leans against the side of 
           the elevator, presses a button for floor B4, seeing that 
           Judge Jefferson has already pressed the button for B3.

           Judge Jefferson keeps her eyes trained on her phone, and the 
           two descend in eerie silence. She exits the elevator when it 
           arrives at B3. 

           The elevator doors close, and the elevator descends one more 
           floor. Humanoid Van quickly exits.

           INT. COURTHOUSE SECURE FLOORS - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van, now free to roam the secured floors, moves down 
           a hallway past doors featuring name plates for judges. 

           Humanoid Van eyes the signs that read EXIT, comes to the 
           stairwell doorway. He pushes through, climbs the stairs a 
           level, and exits into an identical hallway, the placard on 
           the door reading B3. 

           Humanoid Van moves down this hall, peering at the name plates 
           on the doors. Finally, he comes to face a plate reading THE 
           HONORABLE LOUISA JEFFERSON. 

           Humanoid Van pushes the door open, enters, shuts it behind 
           him. 
           INT. JUDGE’S CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS

           The judge sits behind her desk, partially robed. She looks up 
           from her computer, stunned by the bold entrance of this 
           stranger. She rises, defensive.

                                 JUDGE JEFFERSON
                        Excuse me--

                                 HUMANOID VAN
                        No, excuse me. 

           Humanoid Van moves toward the judge. She reaches for her desk 
           phone, but he backhands the console, sends it scattering to 
           the floor with a sickening crunch. 

           Judge Jefferson instinctively moves backward, clutching her 
           hands to her chest. 

           Van Danzen stares down the judge, inching forward all the 
           while. Behind her, arranged on the bookshelves, are a series 
           of mementos, trinkets. 

           There’s a framed Magic Johnson Lakers jersey off to the side, 
           a football signed by the entire LA Rams, a series of busts 
           evocative of classical rulers, and a shimmering SAMURAI 
           SWORD, engraved “To The Honorable Louisa Jefferson. All the 
           best, Naruhito.”

           Humanoid Van’s focus lands on this decoration. 

                                 JUDGE JEFFERSON
                        This is completely out of line, you 
                        understand. 

                                 HUMANOID VAN
                        I draw the lines. 

           Humanoid Van reaches for the Judge, but she tries to dodge 
           his grasp. Humanoid Van pushes her backward and she trips, 
           falls. 

           In one swift motion, Humanoid Van plucks the sword off its 
           perch, unsheathes it, and swings the sword down with ease--

                                                           CUT TO BLACK

           EXT. FBI HEADQUARTERS, LOS ANGELES - DAY

           A sleek female figure, clad in all black business attire, 
           cuts a blazing stride from an office complex that announces 
           itself as the FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION: LOS ANGELES 
           FIELD OFFICE. 
           We recognize her as Special Agent Martinez. Agent Martinez 
           appears stone faced, perhaps nervous, as she approaches an 
           idling black Chevy Tahoe, gets in the back. 

           The Tahoe peels off. 

           PULL BACK 

           To the POV of Humanoid Van Danzen, who sits behind the wheel 
           of a Honda Accord, parked across the street, still wearing 
           his disguise. 

           Humanoid Van fires up the ignition, pulls out, falls into 
           traffic behind the Tahoe, a handful of civilian cars serving 
           as a bumper between the two...

           EXT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY

           Van, sweating, shovel in hand, scrapes dirt over a freshly 
           dug grave. The last traces of Quinn’s body disappear. He pats 
           the soil, smoothing it over, his visage grim and cold.

           EXT. MANSION, BENEDICT CANYON - DAY

           The black Chevy Tahoe pulls up to the gate in front of a 
           stunning, palatial hillside home that we can just barely see 
           from the street. 

           The gate recedes, and the Tahoe disappears up the steep 
           driveway.  

           CLOSE ON Humanoid Van, behind the wheel of the Honda, as he 
           observes this from across the street. Humanoid Van’s eyes 
           move across the property, taking in an egregious amount of 
           security cameras. The slightest trace of annoyance appears on 
           his face, and Humanoid Van drives off...

           INT. LAKE HOUSE - DAY

           Van is in the kitchen rinsing his hands off. He takes his 
           time drying them, moving gingerly, and goes into the living 
           room, where he turns up the volume on the TV, showing a feed 
           of CBC. 

           The Chyron below the broadcaster’s face reads FEDERAL 
           PROSECUTOR MURDERED IN SHERMAN OAKS.
                                 BROADCASTER 
                             (on TV)
                        Mark Farkman, the federal attorney, 
                        and a father of three, was found 
                        dead just hours ago outside of a 
                        Coffee Bean in the LA community of 
                        Sherman Oaks, not far from Van 
                        Danzen’s estate on Mulholland 
                        Drive. Authorities are combing the 
                        area, but at this point it does not 
                        seem that they have any idea as to 
                        his whereabouts.  

           Van pulls his phone from his pocket, peers at a text message 
           from Bruce:

           THIRTY MINUTES OUT

           Van pockets the phone, clearly tense, anxious to get on the 
           move. 

           On the TV screen, the broadcaster’s expression contorts into 
           one of intrigue. 

                                 BROADCASTER (CONT’D)
                        We have breaking news out of 
                        downtown Los Angeles, where the 
                        body of Judge Louisa Jefferson was 
                        discovered by an aide just a little 
                        over an hour ago. Foul play seems 
                        to be the obvious cause of death, 
                        and, if you’ll remember back to Van 
                        Danzen’s trial, it was the 
                        Honorable Louisa Jefferson who 
                        sentenced the disgraced tech mogul 
                        to decades behind bars. It’s now 
                        clear to authorities that Van 
                        Danzen’s motive behind this blood 
                        lust is directed toward those who 
                        played crucial roles in his 
                        conviction and imprisonment. 
                             (beat)
                        When we come back, more on this 
                        crazed, bloodthirsty killer who has 
                        thrust the city of Los Angeles into 
                        a state of unbridled anxiety--

           Van, disgusted, turns the TV off, storms out of the cabin. 

           EXT. BEVERLY GROVE - EVENING

           CHYRON: BEVERLY GROVE, LOS ANGELES
           Night has fallen in Los Angeles. Follow on Martinez’s Black 
           Tahoe as it idles in traffic, making its way north along La 
           Cienega Blvd. 

           A few cars back, Humanoid Van Danzen sits behind the wheel of 
           the Honda Accord, his face still obscured by a black hat 
           pulled low over his forehead.  

           FOLLOW ON the Honda while it trails the Chevy Tahoe, roughly 
           thirty feet behind it now. The Tahoe eventually comes to a 
           stop in front of a bungalow home, surrounded by high, ivy 
           covered walls. 

           After a moment, Special Agent Martinez exits the vehicle,  
           cuts a quick path toward the front gate, enters in a code, 
           and steps inside, disappearing into a courtyard. 

           Humanoid Van holds his gaze on the SUV, which eventually 
           kills its lights... 

           EXT. LAKE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Night has just fallen in Alberta as the familiar sight of the 
           black Sprinter Van pulls up in front of the lake house. Van 
           salutes Bruce, and stuffs his 2 valises into the back of the 
           Sprinter, before quickly disappearing inside. 

           EXT. AGENT MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - NIGHT

           Humanoid Van moves from the Honda, the Tahoe in his sights. 

           Van reaches into his pocket, procures a taser marked 
           CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL. 

           Van approaches the driver’s side door of the Tahoe, keeps his 
           head down, knocks.

           The security detail lowers the window, narrowing his eyes at 
           the figure standing there when

           ZZZZZZZZZTTTTTTT

           Van brings the taser up, jabbing it directly into the burly 
           man’s eye, stunning him. Humanoid Van then thrusts his elbow 
           toward the security detail’s neck, forcing it hard against 
           the back of the seat, gradually suffocating him. 

           Humanoid Van steps back from the Tahoe, and sets his sights 
           on the gate in front of Special Agent Martinez’s home. In an 
           instant he mounts the bottom of it and hoists himself over 
           the jagged bars atop the door.
           INT. COURTYARD, AGENT MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van moves around the perimeter of the home, peering 
           through windows along the way. 

           Humanoid Van rounds a corner, moves past a small in-ground 
           pool, and notices light streaming through a window in the 
           back of the home. He gingerly approaches, and presses his 
           face against the window. 

           HUMANOID VAN’S POV THROUGH OPAQUE CURTAINS

           Agent Martinez’s bathroom. A jetted tub sits right below the 
           window, filling with a steady stream of water. A row of 
           candles lines the tub.

           Humanoid Van moves further along the home’s exterior, peers 
           through a bedroom window. Through the curtains, he can make 
           out an outline of Agent Martinez as she steps out of her work 
           clothes. 

           The TV is on in the BG, but we cannot hear it over the 
           hissing sound of the running water. 

           Humanoid Van watches as Martinez slips into a robe, moves 
           back toward the bathroom. Humanoid Van moves to the bathroom 
           window, observes as Martinez tests the water temperature with 
           her foot. 

           Noticing the rising water level, Humanoid Van quickly makes 
           toward the front of the house, tries the front door.

           LOCKED

           Humanoid Van ponders for a moment, surveying the front of the 
           home. Then, he reaches for the doorknob and begins to yank 
           with all his might. The wood around the knob eventually 
           splinters, and Van pulls the knob right through the wooden 
           frame, splintering the entire contraption enough to push the 
           door right open. 

           INT. AGENT MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van listens for a moment then creeps his way further 
           into the home. 

           The sound of the running water ceases, and the house fills 
           with the low volume sound of Price Collinsworth’s voice 
           coming from the bedroom TV. 

           Van creeps a bit forward, moving closer to Martinez. As he 
           does, the bathroom light is turned out, draping the hallway 
           in darkness.
                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (O.S.)
                        I think a lot of blame goes to the 
                        prison officials, especially Warden 
                        McKenzie, who was so ashamed and 
                        stunned by the whole ordeal that he 
                        took nearly two hours to alert 
                        federal authorities, who, 
                        unbelieving of his fanciful account 
                        of Van’s escape were likewise slow 
                        in coordinating with local 
                        authorities to implement the proper 
                        road blocks that might have 
                        contained him and limited the 
                        extent of the death toll. 

           The sound of Martinez stepping into and then sinking into the 
           warm embrace of the bathwater can be heard over the news 
           broadcast while Humanoid Van creeps further into the recesses 
           of the home.

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (O.S.) (CONT’D)
                        Both federal and local authorities 
                        now feel that it’s a certainty Van 
                        Danzen is back in the Los Angeles 
                        area, owing to the murder of 
                        Prosecutor Farkman and Judge 
                        Jefferson. Now, it’s simply a 
                        matter of who else he has set in 
                        his scope, and how long it will 
                        take him to exact his revenge. That 
                        is, unless the authorities can get 
                        a handle on the situation sooner. 
                             (beat)
                        In addition to this string of 
                        killings that LA has had to contend 
                        with, President Whitley, who we are 
                        awaiting an official statement 
                        from, is set to land at LAX within 
                        hours. Earlier today, the President 
                        did Tweet his scathing disapproval 
                        of the way Warden McKenzie handled 
                        the first hours after Van’s 
                        stunning break from the prison he’s 
                        in charge of running. Although the 
                        President has yet to address the 
                        murders of Farkman and Jefferson, 
                        which took place just hours apart 
                        in separate neighborhoods within 
                        Los Angeles. 
                             (beat)
                        I’m Price Collinsworth with CNN.
           The babble of a commercial for cholesterol medication is the 
           soundtrack as Humanoid Van steps into the doorway of the 
           bathroom. 

           HUMANOID VAN’S POV--

           Martinez, eyes closed, reclines against the back of the tub, 
           submerged up to her neck. The flickering candles cast an 
           eerie, seance-like atmosphere over the scene as Humanoid Van 
           moves silently closer to Martinez.

           Humanoid Van arrives standing directly over Agent Martinez. 
           He peers down, his expression cold, angry. 

           Martinez’s eyes shoot open.

           Humanoid Van instantly plunges his arm down, grabbing 
           Martinez by the neck, pulling her up from the tub, but 
           Martinez is able to grab hold of a candle, spewing hot wax in 
           Humanoid Van’s eyes.

           Humanoid Van lets out a guttural roar as he falls violently 
           backward, clatters into a closet, the shelves and towels upon 
           them crashing down, obstructing his view. 

           Agent Martinez, naked, partially obscured by bath bubble, 
           flees from the tub, slips, lands on her hands and knees. With 
           but a grimace, Martinez recovers, continues on ahead, making 
           her way into the bedroom. 

           Humanoid Van hurls the towels and broken shelves aside and 
           pulls himself up to a standing position, tearing after 
           Martinez. 

           Humanoid Van arrives in the cusp of the doorway just in time 
           to take in sight of Martinez as she whirls around, aiming her 
           standard issue handgun in his direction. 

           Agent Martinez fires, hitting Humanoid Van in the chest. He 
           stumbles backward, stunned, but does not fall to the ground, 
           instead clutching at the wound, seemingly confused. 

           Martinez fires her handgun once more, hitting Humanoid Van in 
           the abdomen. Despite the appearance of blood around the 
           wounds, Humanoid Van does not show any concomitant signs of 
           severe agony. 

           A show of recognition flashes across Martinez’s face. She 
           grabs her robe off the bed, drapes herself in it, and flees 
           from the home through a door that leads from the bedroom onto 
           the back patio. 
           Humanoid Van’s stunned daze recedes and, realizing his prey 
           has eluded him, he flees through the home, exiting the front 
           doorway. 

           EXT. AGENT MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van surveys the neighborhood, but there’s no sign of 
           Martinez. Doors of surrounding homes start to open, and 
           Humanoid Van lets out an angry roar, frustrated by his 
           failure. He then rushes toward his Honda, gets in, and tears 
           off...

           EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY - DAY 

           FROM ABOVE

           The Sprinter van moves south on a sparsely populated 
           interstate surrounded by sweeping green hills, the foothills 
           of the Rocky Mountains. 

           It passes a sign that reads WELCOME TO UTAH: LIFE ELEVATED.

           INT. AGENT MARTINEZ’S OFFICE - DAY

           Martinez sits behind her desk, looking tired, a handful of 
           other agents sitting opposite her. The entire group’s focus 
           is on a large projector screen taking up an entire windowless 
           wall. 

           A male face, mid 50s, stern, peers into the office through 
           the feed. We recognize him as GARY SHANAHAN, the Director of 
           the FBI. A camera is positioned such that Shanahan can see 
           Martinez’s face throughout the duration of the conversation. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                             (through feed)
                        I personally think the best way to 
                        keep you safe right now is to 
                        remove you from the country. A 
                        sabbatical to, say, Uruguay. Or the 
                        Seychelles. He’ll never find you 
                        there. 

           Martinez swallows, braces herself, clearly at odds with her 
           boss. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I’m not running like some spring 
                        deer, Gary. 
                                 SHANAHAN
                        I didn’t suggest running. I 
                        suggested a practical approach to a 
                        uniquely challenging scenario. You 
                        are the intended target of a 
                        homicidal mass murderer. 
                        Maintaining the status quo is not 
                        an option right now. He killed your 
                        security detail in cold blood, and  
                        I’m not taking any more chances 
                        with your safety. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Well, I’m not leaving. Unless the 
                        President agrees to cancel his 
                        fundraiser. Then, maybe I’ll 
                        consider it. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        That’s not going to happen. You 
                        know that. Whitley is not--

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Then I’m not leaving. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Frankly, I’m not certain we’ll be 
                        able to protect you if you remain 
                        in LA. Based on his prison escape, 
                        I’m just not certain we’ve ever 
                        dealt with a foe like Van Danzen. I 
                        mean, at this rate, it might take 
                        the National Guard to keep you safe-
                        -

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I can protect myself. I think I 
                        made that known already. I don’t 
                        want more security detail, and I 
                        sure as hell don’t need the 
                        National Guard on my trail. Do you 
                        know what kind of frenzy it will 
                        create in my neighborhood if you 
                        have them all camped out there? The 
                        entire country will know where I 
                        live. 
                             (beat)
                        Like I told you already, Gary, he’s 
                        clearly going to make a play for 
                        the President--

                                 SHANAHAN
                        That’s on the Secret Service, 
                        Victoria. That’s not on us. 
                                 MARTINEZ
                        Also a federal law enforcement 
                        agency. Has the concept of 
                        collaboration ever occurred to you? 

                                 SHANAHAN
                             (growing annoyed)
                        Why are you hell bent on making 
                        this harder for me? 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        This isn’t about you. It’s about a 
                        lot more than just you. We 
                        prosecuted a man who, quite 
                        frankly, was guilty only of being a 
                        genius--

                                 SHANAHAN
                        You’re treading on some very, very 
                        thin ice here. I can see the cracks 
                        forming already. Are you sure you 
                        want to keep dancing around?

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Stick around a little longer. I’m 
                        about to break into my figure 
                        skating routine. Then you’ll see 
                        how strong the ice beneath me is. 

           Martinez reaches over, ends the video chat. She turns to her 
           colleagues, vitriolic. 

                                 MARTINEZ (CONT’D)
                        If anybody leaks a word of this to 
                        the press...

           Martinez stands, strides out like a BOSS....

           EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY - DUSK 

           The Sprinter van races toward Los Angeles, the glitz and 
           glitter of the VEGAS STRIP looming mighty in the BG. 

           INT. AGENT MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - NIGHT

           Agent Martinez watches CNN on mute. The chyron reads JUDGE IN 
           VAN DANZEN CASE FOUND MURDERED IN CHAMBER. WHO NEXT?

           Martinez looks tired, worn. Her phone begins to chirp, and 
           she peers down, notices the caller ID reads “Director 
           Shanahan.” Martinez grimaces, reaches for the phone. 
                                 MARTINEZ
                        Yeah...I’m watching.

           INT. TAHOE - CONTINUOUS

           INTERCUT - TELEPHONE CONVERSATION

           FBI Director Shanahan, in a suit, rides in the back of an 
           armored Tahoe, phone to his ear. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        This is neither a time for pride 
                        nor conviction, Victoria. It’s one 
                        thing to ignore my orders to leave 
                        the country. It’s another entirely 
                        to intentionally lose your security 
                        detail.

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I don’t need a trail. I’m not the 
                        convict on the loose.

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Let’s cut the shit. Another person 
                        directly involved in Van’s 
                        prosecution is now headless. And 
                        you still want to play tough with 
                        me?

           Martinez stands, her emotions aroused. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I fought him off once. If he comes 
                        for me again, I’ll fend him off 
                        again. You don’t trust me or my 
                        instincts--

                                 SHANAHAN
                        Your instincts are going to get you 
                        killed. 

           Shanahan’s Tahoe comes to a slow, and he peers out the 
           window, takes in sight of a private jet sitting on a tarmac. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And the President...what makes you 
                        so certain he’s secure overnight in 
                        LA? I was at the house where 
                        they’re having the fundraiser just 
                        yesterday. It’s not impenetrable. I 
                        tried to get through to him--
                                 SHANAHAN
                        The President is staying at the 
                        Beverly Hills Hotel between now and 
                        when he leaves for the fundraiser. 
                        The Secret Service has 300 men 
                        assigned to the property, okay? The 
                        entire perimeter is surrounded, and 
                        every square inch is accounted for. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        It’s a large property. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                             (annoyed)
                        My job is to worry about you right 
                        now. And I don’t think you’re 
                        taking your security very 
                        seriously. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Save your energy. I’m fine. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        I sure hope so, Victoria. But 
                        either way, I’ll be there by 
                        sunrise. And things are going to 
                        change fast. 
                             (beat)
                        I’ll see you tomorrow. 

           Shanahan hangs up, exits the limousine...

           Martinez holds the phone to her ear for a moment, aggravated. 

           EXT. MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - NIGHT

           LATER

           Martinez’s bungalow sits tucked among the trees on the 
           peaceful, residential street in Beverly Grove. 

           Two Tahoe SUVs sit in front of the small home, occupied by 
           Martinez’s new security detail. 

           CLOSE ON the underside of one of these Tahoes. 

           Humanoid Van Danzen clings to the framework underneath the 
           truck, his muscles rippling, veins jutting out. 

           The door to one of the Tahoes opens, and a burly, suited 
           security guard exits, slams the door, begins surveying the 
           outside of the home with a thick Maglite flashlight. 
           Humanoid Van, gently lowers himself to the ground, peers out 
           from under the truck. 

           HUMANOID VAN’S POV--

           A set of feet wanders around the outside of the home, 
           errantly shining a light around. The feet begin to make their 
           way back in Humanoid Van’s direction. 

           Just as the set of feet arrives at the door and pulls it 
           open, Humanoid Van grabs one of the ankles, twists with 
           impossible strength, sends the large man to the ground, his 
           flashlight scattering a few feet away. 

           In a swift motion, Humanoid Van rolls out from underneath the 
           Tahoe to where the black Maglite flashlight is, retrieves it. 

           The security guard, shocked, finally makes a move to hoist 
           himself up from the pavement. But he’s just not fast enough. 
           Rising up behind him, in a terrifying shadowy visage, is 
           Humanoid Van Danzen. He brings the heavy flashlight down HARD 
           on the security guard’s head. 

           With this one mighty swing from Humanoid Van, the security 
           guard’s skull caves in, fracturing sickeningly, like an egg 
           bashed in with the blunt end of a knife. 

           Humanoid Van pivots, moves toward the second black Tahoe, 
           where the other security guard has just been roused from an 
           unintended nap. 

           The groggy guard steps out of the truck, reaches for his 
           handgun, but he’s not fast enough. Humanoid Van swings the 
           flashlight like he’s Mark McGwire going for the fences in 

           The sound is not unlike a sledgehammer pulverizing a large 
           watermelon, and blood splatters all over the outside of the 
           Tahoe...

                                 VAN DANZEN (O.S.)
                        Mother of God. 

           INT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           THE REAL VAN DANZEN takes in sight of this carnage from the 
           backseat of his Sprinter van, which is inconspicuously parked 
           a little further down the street. 

           Van pulls his face from the glass window, turns to Bruce. 
                                 VAN 
                        Well, he made part of this easier 
                        on me. 

                                 BRUCE
                        You sure you don’t want me to--

           Van reaches his hand out, squeezes Bruce’s shoulder. 

                                 VAN
                        I know your limitations. 

           Without another word, Van hits a button and the Sprinter’s 
           backdoor quietly recedes. Van reaches for his handgun, 
           switches the safety off, pats his other pocket, where we 
           catch a glimpse of the handle of his SCREWDRIVER, and then 
           hops out into the dark night.

           VAN’S POV--

           Humanoid Van, still clutching the flashlight, moves over the 
           bungalow’s gate...

           Real Van Danzen follows him, moving effortlessly toward the 
           dark home...

           INT. MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - CONTINUOUS

           Special Agent Martinez lies supine under the covers, the TV 
           on mute, casting an eerie palate of colors across her body.

           SUDDENLY

           Humanoid Van Danzen’s face appears in the window, a monster. 
           He peers through the glass, reaches down, tries the door. 
           It’s locked. 

           Agent Martinez does not stir. 

           Humanoid Van disappears from sight for a moment. All is still 
           and silent. 

           Martinez continues sleeping, moves ever so slightly 
           underneath the covers. 

           THEN

           Humanoid Van appears in frame again, rears back, SMASHES the 
           glass door panel with a swing from the flashlight. In a split 
           second, Martinez’s security alarm begins to wail, and 
           Humanoid Van Danzen steps into the room, moves toward 
           Martinez. 
           Martinez rockets up to a seated position, entirely stunned, 
           in a daze. 

           MARTINEZ’S GROGGY POV--

           The outline of a hulking male figure moves toward her FAST. 

           Martinez tries to scamper, but it’s to no avail. Humanoid Van 
           Danzen grabs her by the feet, pulls her toward him, leans in 
           close, places his hand around her neck, squeezes.  

           Martinez flails her arm wildly, reaching for the bedside 
           table, where her HANDGUN is just inches from her grasp. 

           Humanoid Van flips Martinez over, pulling her away from the 
           gun. 

           MARTINEZ’S POV

           The REAL VAN DANZEN appears in the frame just behind his 
           Humanoid, who continues to squeeze the life out of Martinez. 

           The Real Van Danzen brings the screwdriver up from his side 
           and swings hard. Just as he does, Humanoid Van jerks his head 
           ever so slightly.

           The screwdriver impales Humanoid Van through both cheeks, 
           sending blood everywhere. Humanoid Van is stunned by this, 
           letting out the strangest, almost mouse-like squeak as he 
           lets go of Martinez’s throat, and stumbles backward into the 
           TV, bringing it crashing to the ground, pinning him. 

           In a split instant, Real Van moves toward Martinez, grabs her 
           handgun off the table, hands it to her. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Let’s fucking go. 

           Agent Martinez is still a bit stunned. She takes in sight of 
           the Humanoid, struggling to right himself, and then looks 
           over to the real Van. 

           Martinez jumps into action, thrusts the covers off, revealing 
           that she’s dressed in black fatigues, ready for war. 

           Humanoid Van Danzen hurls the television off of himself, and 
           it just narrowly misses Martinez, who follows the real Van 
           Danzen out through the broken door of the bungalow. 

           Humanoid Van, a sight of pure unbridled rage, tears out of 
           the bedroom after them, the screwdriver still planted firmly 
           in his cheeks, giving him the appearance of a snarling, 
           bloodied, muzzled dog. 
           EXT. MARTINEZ’S BUNGALOW - CONTINUOUS

           The security alarm wails into the night while Van and 
           Martinez rush past the outside of the home. 

           Humanoid Van, roaring with anger, tears after them. 

           Van and Martinez rush toward the Sprinter van. The door 
           recedes as soon as Bruce notices their approach. The two of 
           them hustle into the Sprinter and it drives off, the door 
           still closing. 

           Humanoid Van Danzen, from a good three or four feet away, 
           lunges through the air, cheetah-like, and grabs hold of the 
           door, wresting it open. 

           VAN/MARTINEZ’S POV FROM INSIDE THE SPRINTER--

           The bloodied, mangled face of Humanoid Van stares at them as 
           he positions himself in the doorway of the Sprinter, which 
           now moves at a fast clip away from Martinez’s bungalow. 

           The sound of POLICE SIRENS becomes evident, approaching from 
           somewhere off in the distance. 

           Humanoid Van, holding on to the roof of the Sprinter with one 
           hand, reaches down for Martinez with the other, his hand 
           jabbing wildly as he tries to grab her. 

           In the blink of an eye, Real Van has his gun aimed at his 
           Humanoid, which finally catches sight of Van Danzen’s face. 

           The Humanoid is rendered dumb, unable to make sense of what 
           it’s seeing. PURE RAGE kicks in, and the Humanoid slams real 
           Van’s arm, sending the gun flying toward the pavement. 

           Humanoid Van forces his way inside the truck, begins to choke 
           out real Van. In a display of pure force, real Van uses his 
           free leg to kick Humanoid van in the back of the knee.

           Humanoid Van momentarily loosens his grip on real Van, and he 
           takes advantage of the moment, forces Humanoid Van forward, 
           slamming him hard into the driver’s seat. 

           Bruce briefly loses control of the Sprinter, which careens 
           wildly into oncoming traffic on La Cienega. Cars blare their 
           horns, sirens can be heard approaching. 

           CLOSE on Martinez’s hand as she tries to pry her handgun free 
           from her waistband. 

           Real Van puts Humanoid Van in a headlock, tries to strangle 
           him, but pound for pound he has no shot. 
           Humanoid Van throws his body weight toward real Van, forcing 
           his shoulder hard into the back seats. 

           Real Van relents his grip on his Humanoid, falls into 
           Martinez. Humanoid Van takes real Van by the throat, slams 
           him hard into the window, cracking it. 

           Martinez finally pries the handgun free, smashes Humanoid Van 
           in the face, hard. 

           Real Van wastes no time, begins smashing the Humanoid’s face 
           with his balled fist. Simultaneously, Martinez presses the 
           button to open the Sprinter door, and real Van throws all of 
           his body weight toward his Humanoid, forcing him out the open 
           door. 

           The Humanoid, falling backward toward the pavement, reaches 
           out, snatches hold of the door, dangling wildly above the 
           rush of pavement below. 

                                 REAL VAN
                        You handsome fucking devil...

           BANG BANG BANG

           Van empties the clip into his Humanoid, which finally relents 
           its grip on the door, collides with the pavement harshly, 
           rolls around a bit. 

           FROM ABOVE

           The Sprinter tears off north, toward the hills, while the 
           Humanoid pulls itself to its feet, rushes off into a 
           residential neighborhood, disappearing just as the police 
           appear on scene... 

           INT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS 

           Van and Martinez, both appearing a bit unkempt from the 
           melee, sit in the back of the Sprinter.

                                 BRUCE
                        I’m going to get some air. 

           Van tosses Bruce his handgun. 

                                 VAN
                        Mountain lions. 

           Bruce tucks the gun into his waistband. 

                                 BRUCE
                        Much appreciated. 
           Bruce closes the door, moves from the Sprinter. 

           Van closes his eyes, exhales. Martinez watches him, sidles 
           over just a little closer. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        He’s not real, is he?

           Van nods. 

                                 MARTINEZ (CONT’D)
                        He’s an early model, too. Aware of 
                        his condition. 

                                 VAN
                        His inhuman nature, yes. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And Miles Russell...first iteration 
                        after Bruce, I reckon. 

                                 VAN
                        You picked that word up from me, 
                        didn’t you?

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What word?

                                 VAN
                        Never mind. 

           Van pulls himself up to a seated position.

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Without Bruce, I wouldn’t be here.
                             (beat)
                        And neither, evidently, would you. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What is here? What is this?

                                 VAN
                        Land I purchased years ago. With a 
                        holding company. Tied to another 
                        holding company that’s tied to an 
                        offshore realtor. It would take the 
                        feds...

           Van smirks at Martinez. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        It would take you guys years to tie 
                        this property to me. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Hence, we’re safe from prying eyes. 
                        For the time being. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        But your Humanoid...

                                 VAN
                        Sure, I suppose he knows he owns 
                        this land. But at least the 
                        authorities don’t. And the way I 
                        see it, we need any advantage we 
                        can gain at this step. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        He’s going to go for President 
                        Whitley tomorrow. 

                                 VAN
                        That’s why we’re going to go for 
                        the President first. 

           Martinez sighs, the weight of the situation really pressing 
           down on her. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Logistically, we’re in good shape. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I know all about the logistics. 

                                 VAN
                        Tell me then, partner, what’s our 
                        course of action?

           Martinez smirks at Van. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I bet you have it all planned out, 
                        don’t you?

                                 VAN
                             (playful)
                        I’m not the special agent in charge 
                        of the Los Angeles field office of 
                        the FBI. 
                                 MARTINEZ
                        At 2:25 PM tomorrow, President 
                        Whitley will leave The Beverly 
                        Hills Hotel in a convoy that will 
                        take him due north on Benedict 
                        Canyon-- closed off in both 
                        directions to all traffic-- to 
                        Sonny Finch’s estate on Tower Grove 
                        Drive. 

           Silence holds while Martinez ponders. 

                                 MARTINEZ (CONT’D)
                        What about the hotel? Couldn’t your 
                        Humanoid in theory breach security 
                        there? 

                                 VAN
                        You’re the federal agent.

                                 MARTINEZ
                        He could.

                                 VAN
                        I don’t think he will. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What makes you so sure?

                                 VAN
                        Instinct. 
                             (beat)
                        I need to be there first. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What?

                                 VAN
                        I need to be at Sonny Finch’s 
                        estate first. To confront him when 
                        he arrives. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I don’t see how that’s going to be 
                        possible. 

           Van rubs his chin, deep in thought. 

                                 VAN
                        How many members comprise your 
                        security detail?
                                 MARTINEZ
                        Usually 2. A driver who doubles as 
                        security, and then one more guard 
                        specifically assigned to me. 

                                 VAN
                        I’m going to be your driver. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        How on Earth...

                                 VAN
                        You’ll see. 

           Martinez shoots Van a skeptical look. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And your Humanoid...what’s he going 
                        to do between now and then?

           Van closes his eyes, considers. Martinez inches even closer 
           to him on the seat. 

                                 VAN
                        Hide. Regenerate. I don’t doubt his 
                        ability to surprise us. But I 
                        really don’t think he’ll turn up 
                        again until the President is at 
                        Sonny Finch’s. And by then, we’ll 
                        be ready for him. 

           Martinez looks away, contemplative. Van takes notice. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                             (reassuring)
                        We’re going to expose Whitley. The 
                        conspiracy, the cover up-- 24 hours 
                        from now, it’ll all be known to the 
                        world. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And what about me? 

                                 VAN
                        I kidnapped you tonight, after I 
                        fought off my Humanoid, saving us 
                        both. I kept you hostage, because 
                        you had all the insight into 
                        President Whitley’s workings 
                        tomorrow. I used you to get to my 
                        Humanoid so that I could make 
                        things right in the world and 
                        destroy him. And so that I could 
                        vindicate myself. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN (CONT'D)
                             (beat)
                        You had nothing to do with this. 
                        Then or now. 

           Martinez is moved by Van’s selflessness. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        I made this mess, I’ll get myself 
                        out of it. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        You saved me from your Humanoid. 
                        That has to count for something. 

                                 VAN
                        My Humanoid that has gone on a 
                        murderous rampage. My Humanoid that 
                        has killed a federal prosecutor, a 
                        judge--

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I’m going to make it right. 
                        Everything that happened over the 
                        past couple of years. I’m going to 
                        make it right. 

                                 VAN
                        Maybe. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Quinn...

                                 VAN
                        I figure you caught on to her 
                        reality...or lack thereof. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Why are you so afraid of people you 
                        can’t control? People you didn’t 
                        create?

                                 VAN
                        Because they’re real. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Doesn’t it get lonely?

                                 VAN
                        That’s what my father asked me. 
                        Just before we said goodbye to one 
                        another. 
                                 MARTINEZ
                        Tell me...your father. What was the 
                        rift about?

                                 VAN
                        Pride. His. Mine.  

           Martinez encourages Van to continue with her eyes. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        He couldn’t understand, couldn’t 
                        see why someone would need more 
                        than the life he had. He couldn’t 
                        see anybody wanting to leave 
                        Edmonton. Wanting to leave behind a 
                        thriving sporting goods business. 
                        But I needed more. Knew I could get 
                        more. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        And with Quinn...don’t you feel 
                        guilty? Bringing something into the 
                        world just to cast them aside once 
                        they’ve served their purpose to 
                        you?

                                 VAN
                        Do you intend to keep a computer 
                        forever? 

           Martinez is stumped by this question, understanding the 
           metaphor Van paints. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        She wasn’t real. I created her to 
                        serve a purpose. She only existed 
                        because I brought her into the 
                        world. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        But isn’t that true of a human 
                        child, also?
                             (beat)
                        Tell me-- is there really a 
                        difference between a man and a 
                        machine if they both look and act 
                        exactly the same? 

                                 VAN 
                        One feels. The other thinks it 
                        feels. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        But what’s the difference?
                                 VAN
                        The fact that it can trick you into 
                        believing it is a human being is 
                        what allows a Humanoid to gain 
                        empathy from you, from anyone it 
                        interacts with. But it’s not a 
                        human being, and it never was a 
                        human being. It’s a creation 
                        brought into the world by human 
                        beings. That’s all Quinn was. 
                        That’s all my Humanoid is. A 
                        figment of my imagination...that I 
                        just happened to have the resources 
                        to bring to life. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        So she would have been but a burden 
                        to you? That’s why you had to 
                        destroy her...

           Van looks away, nodding. There’s a brief reprieve of silence. 
           Van stands, slides the Sprinter door open. 

                                 VAN
                        Let’s go. We have a battle to 
                        prepare for. 

           INT. BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL, BUNGALOW - NIGHT

           President Whitley, wearing pajamas, sits in his lavishly 
           appointed bungalow, eating a steak and mashed potatoes, the 
           TV on in front of him, muted. 

           Simultaneously, the President scrolls through Twitter, his 
           facial expressions changing with the various Tweets he reads. 

           STARTLING KNOCK ON THE DOOR

           President Whitley flashes a look of annoyance, moves to the 
           door. 

                                 WHITLEY
                        Yeah?

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        We have an unannounced visitor. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Well who in the hell is it this 
                        time of night?

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        It’s Shanahan, sir. 
           Whitley rolls his eyes. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Yeah, all right...

           Whitley unchains the door lock, moves away from the door, 
           straightens his tie. He comes to a stand behind the couch, 
           his arms perched on it, looking down at the doorway. 

           After a moment, the door pushes open, 2 Secret Service agents 
           enter, followed by a grim looking Shanahan. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        He got Martinez. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Who?

                                 SHANAHAN
                        You know, Victoria Martinez...you 
                        commended her just last week. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Oh yeah, yeah. 
                             (beat)
                        She’s dead?

                                 SHANAHAN
                        That’s unconfirmed at this stage. 
                        LAPD missed him by just moments. 
                        Somehow, he escaped. Well, one of 
                        them did, at least...

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        I don’t follow.

                                 SHANAHAN
                        The real Van Danzen...evidently, 
                        he’s back. 
                             (beat)
                        In Los Angeles as we speak. 

           President Whitley’s face darkens. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Did anybody, you know, see both of 
                        them...

                                 SHANAHAN
                             (shaking head)
                        Fortunately, no. We had witnesses 
                        see Van Danzen come tumbling out of 
                        either an SUV or some kind of large 
                        truck. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 SHANAHAN (CONT'D)
                        It was dark, and witness accounts 
                        aren’t particularly compelling. 
                        Nobody really saw much of anything. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Well, that’s good.

                                 SHANAHAN
                        But Martinez...we don’t know if 
                        she’s with the real Van or the 
                        Humanoid. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        And what difference does it make? 
                        Stop them BOTH! 

           Whitley slams his hands on the back of the couch.

                                 SHANAHAN
                        My advice would be to leave this 
                        city immediately. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        That’s not happening. 

                                 SHANAHAN
                        I’m not certain...

           Shanahan looks around, lowers his voice. 

                                 SHANAHAN (CONT’D)
                        I’m not sure anybody, anything, can 
                        protect you from BOTH Van 
                        Danzens...

           Off President Whitley’s look of horror...

           EXT. MALIBU PROPERTY - NIGHT

           Van and Martinez trudge through darkness. Van comes to a spot 
           he recognizes, leans down. 

           VAN’S POV--

           Hidden in the brush set below a steep rock face is a tiny, 
           code panel. Van enters in a long series of digits.

           Suddenly, the rock face begins to recede, revealing a set of 
           silver doors, which part. Van steps inside, motions for 
           Martinez to join him. As soon as she does, the doors whisk 
           shut. 
           INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS

           Lights have illuminated this small elevator. Martinez, 
           unsurprised by this development, is silent while the elevator 
           carries them deep into a shaft below the earth. 

           The elevator comes to a stop and the doors whirl open. 

                                 FEMALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        Welcome back, Van. 

           INT. VAN’S LAIR - CONTINUOUS

           Lights stream on and Van and Martinez exit the elevator, 
           stepping into a small, well lit laboratory. There are all 
           sorts of advanced mechanisms that we just don’t recognize. 

           Van strides on ahead, moves to a far wall, while Martinez 
           cuts a more conservative path through the space, in awe of 
           what she is seeing. 

           Van moves toward a far wall, enters the same lengthy string 
           of digits into a panel. Another wall recedes. 

           Martinez sidles up closer to Van, takes in the sight of this 
           newly exposed space. 

           THEIR POV--

           A stockroom packed to the brim with survival supplies. Cases 
           of bottled water, canned foods, firearms, camouflage clothing-
           - all the trappings necessary to survive a zombie apocalypse. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        What on earth...

                                 VAN
                        My survival chamber. You just never 
                        know what the world will throw at 
                        you...

           Van enters, presses a button. A clothing rack whirls around, 
           as if at a dry cleaner. Van procures a black suit, a white 
           shirt...

           INT. VAN’S LAIR - LATER

           The lair doors open, and Van steps out, dressed like he’s 
           Martinez’s driver, looking ready for war. 

           Van moves toward the center of the room, focused, in control. 
                                 VAN
                        I have something important thing to 
                        show you first...

           Van moves toward another wall in the lair, enters the same 
           long string of digits. The doors slide open, and suddenly Van 
           and Martinez find themselves face to face with PRESIDENT 
           WHITLEY!

           Martinez gasps. But she overcomes the shock quickly, moves 
           forward, admiring the work. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        You kept it. 

           Van nods, dignified. 

                                 VAN
                        I knew someday this would come in 
                        handy. After we take him out, you 
                        know, my Humanoid...I’m going to 
                        reveal this one to the world. It 
                        will be my way of proving all of 
                        this...

           Van considers the lifeless Humanoid, before stepping back. He 
           moves toward a center console in the middle of the room, 
           enters his code on a touchpad. The console comes to life.

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        This is the programming console. 

           Van looks in the direction of a small slot to the side of the 
           screen. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        I insert the brain chip into that 
                        slot there, right? And then, I pull 
                        up the soul blueprint that I want 
                        to download onto the chip. 

           Van scrolls on the screen, lands on a file called QUINN. 
           Other files are marked VAN, WHITLEY, BRUCE. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        For example...Quinn. If I want to 
                        recreate her? All I’d do would be 
                        to insert a new brain chip, and 
                        begin the process of downloading 
                        the file. Meanwhile...

           Van hits a number of commands on the screen while Martinez 
           watches intently, riveted by the process. 
           Suddenly, a large device in the center of the room, to the 
           side of the command console, begins to whir to life, quieter 
           than one might expect. 

           Van steps back waits, his eyes fixated on the large 
           mechanism. Martinez steps forward, standing just next to Van. 

           After a moment, the mechanism dies down. Suddenly, the top of 
           the mechanism recedes, and some steam rises out. Before long, 
           a platform inside the mechanism rises up. On top of this 
           platform, naked, is a reproduction of Quinn. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        I haven’t finished off the final 
                        part of the process. The chip 
                        injection. With one more command, 
                        this will be a fully functioning 
                        recreation of the Quinn I had to 
                        destroy...for the sake of us doing 
                        what we need to do now. 

           Van sports a bit of a grave expression as he admires this 
           lifeless Quinn. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Given all of this technology, all 
                        the nuances and details that go 
                        into creating something like 
                        this...why can’t you simply disable 
                        a Humanoid remotely?

           Van grimaces. 

                                 VAN
                        It would, in essence, render the 
                        entire creation moot. If I could 
                        deactivate one remotely, then in 
                        theory, in the future, any entity 
                        with an understanding of the 
                        technology could render a Humanoid 
                        useless from afar. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Why...why did it go so wrong with 
                        your own Humanoid creation?

           Van turns his attention to the prompt screen, pulls up the 
           file marked VAN. The lifeless Quinn Humanoid recedes back 
           into the console, disappearing. 
                                 VAN
                        In engineering his psyche, his 
                        personality to survive the harshest 
                        conditions possible, I 
                        overestimated my own creation. You 
                        see, creating a personality is an 
                        imperfect, fluid science. The 
                        program works on a scale. Each 
                        attribute can be pronounced within 
                        a personality on a scale from 1-99. 
                        So, for my own Humanoid, given the 
                        scenario he was going to step into--
                        I overdid it, and I programmed many 
                        of his attributes to the 99th 
                        percentile. Aggression, rage, 
                        determination, problem solving. And 
                        I programmed certain attributes to 
                        a level 1: empathy, caring, 
                        selflessness, remorsefulness. In 
                        doing so, I brought to life a cold 
                        hearted, violent, killing species. 
                        A true renegade warrior. 
                             (beat)
                        Likewise, the attribute scale 
                        pertains to the Humanoid’s physical 
                        conditions, as well. His strength, 
                        stamina, vision, etc...they’re all 
                        notched up to a 99 on the attribute 
                        scale. And for things like pain and 
                        fatigue...the opposite.  

           Van toggles through his Humanoid’s program screen, seeing all 
           the different attributes that comprise his personality. 

           Van focuses on the same console, pulls up a separate 
           programming screen. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        Your security detail for 
                        tomorrow...what’s he look like?

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Younger than you, just as white. 
                        Short hair-- a crew cut, blond. 
                        Defined jaw. Angry, mean looking. 
                        Former military. 

           Van enters in a series of commands, and then lies flat on an 
           adjacent table, as if preparing for an operation. 

           A small metal box lowers from the ceiling, fully encompasses 
           Van’s head. Mechanical whirring sounds fill the space, and 
           Van remains rigid, unmoving on the table while Martinez looks 
           on, uncertain. 
           After a few moments, the whirring sounds cease, and the metal 
           box begins to lift off of Van’s face. 

           MARTINEZ’S POV--

           Van looks like an entirely different person now. He’s 10 
           years younger, blond with a short crew cut, a more defined 
           jaw, MEANER looking. 

                                 MARTINEZ (CONT’D)
                        Jesus, you look the part now. 

           Van gets up from the table, his new face sutured on. He moves 
           back to his survival closet, procures a few items, places 
           them into a leather satchel.  

                                                                 CUT TO

           INT. SPRINTER - NIGHT

           Van and Martinez are back inside the Sprinter, with Bruce 
           behind the wheel. 

           Van moves toward the center console, opens it. 

           VAN’S POV--

           A STASH OF SCREWDRIVERS.

           Van turns to Martinez, hands her a screwdriver. 

                                 VAN
                        We’ll camp out here tonight. For 
                        all we know, they think you’ve been 
                        kidnapped by me. Before sunrise, we 
                        head back to LA and you call 
                        Shanahan, tell him that I had 
                        kidnapped you, and that I let you 
                        go only under one condition--tell 
                        him you saw evidence of a large 
                        explosive device that I could 
                        detonate in a crowded part of the 
                        city if anything happens that isn’t 
                        to my liking. And my liking is to 
                        see you attend the event at Sonny 
                        Finch’s tomorrow...
                             (beat)
                        I’ll hide out in your house...then, 
                        when Shanahan sends detail for you, 
                        when it’s time for your pickup 
                        tomorrow, you’ll call out and ask 
                        for help with something inside the 
                        house. Then...
           Van procures an item from a satchel. It’s a small dart like 
           figure. Van places it between his lips and blows, sending the 
           dart directly into the leather headrest behind him. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        We’ll take him out. He’ll be 
                        unconscious long enough for us to 
                        make our way to Sonny’s, me as your 
                        security detail. The driver won’t 
                        have a clue. 

           Martinez considers Van, truly amazed by his plan... 

           EXT. SPRINTER VAN - CONTINUOUS

           OUR POV RISES UP AND UP into the night air until the Sprinter 
           van appears to be but a minute speck of light among the 
           endless expanse of wilderness, the Pacific Ocean shimmering 
           vast in the BG, the full moon’s glare intense, foreboding.

           Follow On the van as it makes its way through the mountainous 
           terrain, forging its way closer and closer to the heart of 
           LA...

                                                           MATCH CUT TO

           EXT. BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL - DAY

           The same expanse of LA stares at us, only now it’s blessed 
           with the sun’s daylight glow. 

           PUSH IN over the brown hills to find the lushest, most 
           inviting green oasis you could ever imagine. 

           THE BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL

           Pink, pretty, a true lady of class. From above, we see it 
           all. The towering main building peering down at the expansive 
           swimming pool; the rows of bungalows nestled into the thick 
           of jungle-like foliage; the expansive system of roads that 
           surround the fortress-like property.  

           PUSH IN to find rows and rows of black Tahoes and Suburbans 
           surrounding the hotel grounds, infesting it. Suited Secret 
           Service agents plod back and forth across the property.

           The faint buzz of helicopters is heard somewhere off in the 
           distance, lending an almost war like atmosphere to what would 
           otherwise be such a serene place. 

           CLOSE ON 
           The front entrance past the valet circle, the famous red 
           carpet stretching outward from the cavernous lobby. 

           In this instant, President Whitley, wearing a blue suit, with 
           a red tie, strides down the carpet, flanked by secret service 
           agents. He waives at a handful of credentials wearing press 
           members, who take photos of him, shout out for him to turn 
           their way. 

           Whitley stops just outside an idling Suburban, waives to more 
           onlookers, clearly enjoying being the center of the world’s 
           orbit at this moment. 

           Whitley disappears into the back of the waiting Suburban, and 
           the convoy begins to make its way out of the hotel, turning 
           right on Benedict Canyon Drive, heading north... 

           EXT. LOS ANGELES - DAY

           BIRDS EYE VIEW of the hills above LA’s Westside. Moving west 
           to east, we find the glimmering blue expanse of the Stone 
           Canyon Reservoir, followed by Beverly Glen, and then finally 
           the curves and crests of Benedict Canyon, shrouded on all 
           sides by steep chaparral.

           Pushing in on this glacier carved niche brings us to:

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE - DAY

           An extraordinary hillside estate that sits perched a couple 
           miles north of the Beverly Hills Hotel. 

           An anaconda-like driveway cuts its way through acres of dense 
           foliage, leading to a gargantuan, Spanish tile roofed main 
           house, which sits on a ledge overlooking all of LA’s 
           westside.

           Rows and rows of perfectly trimmed hedges lead to a colossal 
           swimming pool, off which a massive backyard sits, a 
           guesthouse lingering off to the side, a sport court, tennis 
           court, and helicopter pad replete with shimmering black 
           copter all present. 

           Beyond this stretch of the property, acres and acres of 
           untouched steep hillside exist as habitat for birds, foxes, 
           coyotes, deer...

           AND HUMANOID VAN DANZEN who, through a pair of binoculars 
           labeled CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROL, observes the approach of 
           the President’s convoy headed north on Benedict Canyon Drive. 
           His face has mostly regenerated, with just the slightest 
           notion of scarring where the screwdriver entered his flesh.  
           Humanoid Van Danzen, wearing all brown, remains nestled among 
           some bushes, still 100 yards or so from the main property, 
           just at the top of the hill crest, watching the fountainhead 
           of his rampage approach...

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, HILLS - SIMULTANEOUS

           The fleet of SUVs snakes its way up Sonny Finch’s driveway. 
           At the top of the carriageway is a valet area.

           CLOSE ON one of these SUVs, which carries Martinez in back, 
           Van sitting next to her, focused, in DISGUISE as her security 
           detail. 

           Further from this, in the yard area, is a space set up for 
           entertaining. Well heeled civilians idle in the yard, 
           drinking cocktails, eating hors d’ouvres, eager for the 
           President to arrive. 

           The SUVs stop in front of a checkpoint, and Martinez and Van 
           show their credentials. The Secret Service agent checks 
           everything over, waives them in. 

           The driver parks the SUV in the directed spot, and Van 
           closely trails Martinez as the two make their way toward the 
           fete. 

           Among the party goers, Martinez recognizes the stern facade 
           of FBI DIRECTOR SHANAHAN, surrounded on all sides by Secret 
           Service agents. The two make eye contact, nod. Martinez 
           surveys the mountainside, intense, looking for Humanoid Van. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, HILLS - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van moves down the impossibly steep slope, 
           displaying his inhuman balance. He’s now over the crest, 
           potentially coming within view of the Secret Service snipers. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS

           The President arrives in the grand circular driveway in front 
           of Sonny Finch’s estate. A Secret Service agent opens the 
           back door of the Tahoe, and President Whitley steps out, is 
           immediately flanked by a handful of Secret Service agents. 
           Whitley raises a hand, greeting some of the press corps who 
           are positioned outside the mansion’s entrance. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        It’s a pleasure to see you all, 
                        thank you. 

           The President is all smiles as he moves inside the mansion, 
           mouths “thank you” a few more times at onlookers. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, HILLS - CONTINUOUS

           Humanoid Van Danzen watches as the President disappears 
           inside the estate. He tosses the binoculars aside, begins to 
           climb down the steep hill, effortless, a machine. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS

           POTUS has emerged from the cavernous mansion into the grassy 
           yard, flanked by agents, still all smiles as he waves to the 
           crowd, moves up to a podium in the center of the impossibly 
           green lawn. 

           Whitley makes eye contact with Martinez, nods at her. Van 
           stands directly behind her, surveying the hills around the 
           estate. 

           President Whitley makes eye contact with him, holds it for a 
           tense moment before moving along to other guests. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        Thank you, thank you.

           Whitley mouths “thank you” a number of times, clearly 
           enjoying himself. Finally, he steps back up to the podium. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        Thank you. Thank you. 

           The applause begins to die down and President Whitley adjusts 
           his tie, leans in to the microphone. 

           In the BG, Van Danzen moves around, carefully surveying the 
           setting. 
                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        This is an extraordinary day. A 
                        special day. We’re going to make 
                        history together. 

           The crowd begins to whoop and holler again. Whitley smiles, 
           enjoying every ounce of the attention. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS

           THROUGH THE SCOPE OF A SECRET SERVICE AGENTS’ RIFLE--

           Humanoid Van Danzen charging down the hill, arriving at the 
           fence that surrounds the perimeter of the yard. He mounts the 
           fence, now within a sprint of POTUS. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE, BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY
                        We’re going to gain re-election by 
                        the widest margin this country has 
                        ever known. Both the popular vote 
                        and the electoral college.

           More applause, more whistling, more whooping. The crowd is 
           fired up. Van Danzen moves closer to Martinez, keeping an eye 
           out. 

                                 PRESIDENT WHITLEY (CONT’D)
                        We’ve made America great already. 
                        Now it’s time to keep America 
                        great. 

           The crowd is whipped up into another frenzy of applause. 

           SUDDENLY

           The booming roar of a SNIPER’S RIFLE shatters the buoyancy of 
           the intimate rally. 

           The entire backyard becomes a scene of chaos. People scream, 
           yell, scramble for the inside of the house. The secret 
           service agents rush to ensconce the President. 

           BOOM 
           Another shot rings out. Party goers look up toward the hills, 
           notice the figure of Humanoid Van Danzen raging toward the 
           President. 

           BOOM 

           A shot from a different rifle misses the Humanoid by inches. 
           Simultaneously, a collection of agents circles Martinez, 
           rushes her into the house. 

           The real Van, still disguised as a federal agent, makes a 
           sprint directly toward his Humanoid. 

           BOOM

           Humanoid Van dodges a sniper’s bullet, contorting and bending 
           his body like Neo in The Matrix. 

           INT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE - CONTINUOUS

           The Secret Service ushers the President into the house, but 
           it’s a mob scene filled with frightened revelers. 

           EXT. SONNY FINCH’S ESTATE - CONTINUOUS

           BACK OUTSIDE

           FROM ABOVE 

           The Secret Service hold their fire, believing the real Van, 
           in disguise, to be a federal agent, as the 2 Van Danzens rush 
           toward one another. 

           VAN ON VAN 

           Humanoid Van takes a swing at his creator, who dodges it, 
           whirls back, nails Humanoid Van in the face. Enraged, 
           Humanoid Van charges at the real Van, tackling him to the 
           ground, Brian Urlacher in his prime. 

           The real Van is winded by this. Humanoid Van rears back to 
           strike the disguised Van when he’s struck in the arm by a 
           sniper’s bullet, stunning him. 

           This gives real Van the time to roll out from under his 
           Humanoid, but it’s a fleeting sense of freedom. Humanoid Van 
           delivers a sweeping kick, knocking the disguised Van Danzen 
           on his ass. 

           The real Van engages the Humanoid in a grapple, successfully 
           flipping him in a considerable show of pure strength. 
           The two Vans continue to grapple with each other, moving into 
           the house, clearing out the entire room. 

           Secret Service agents stand back, ready to take out the 
           Humanoid if they can get him separated from who they believe 
           to be a federal agent. 

           Finally, the real Van gets the better of his Humanoid, rolls 
           out from under him, reaches for his gun. The Humanoid lunges 
           at him, missing, and loses his balance, giving the real Van 
           enough time to kick him hard in the face, sending him to the 
           ground. 

           Secret Service shoots at the Humanoid briefly, and the real 
           Van makes a sprint toward the podium. Humanoid Van Danzen 
           makes off after him, tackles him hard into the podium, 
           sending it clattering to the earth. 

           The sound of HELICOPTER ROTORS WHIRRING becomes apparent and 
           Humanoid Van begins to charge in that direction, streaking 
           directly through the house, parting a sea of onlookers, most 
           of whom scream with fright. 

           CLOSE ON the disguised Van Danzen as he tries to keep pace 
           with his Humanoid. 

           Van lunges, throws his arms around his Humanoid, bringing 
           both of them down to the earth, falling hard. 

           Humanoid Van rolls out from under his creator, reaches into 
           his pocket, PEPPER SPRAYS the real Van, pushes himself up off 
           the ground, rushes toward what we now see is SONNY FINCH’S 
           HELICOPTER, roaring to life, the Secret Service now just feet 
           away, the President in tow. 

           Real Van shrieks in agony, but pushes himself up off the 
           ground, begins to sprint FAST AS HE CAN through the yard, 
           chasing after his Humanoid, which is running directly toward 
           the President. 

           The Secret Service agents force the President up into the 
           helicopter and turn, aim at Humanoid Van. 2 agents climb up 
           into the helicopter, while the rest stand their ground, fire 
           at the 2 Vans. 

           Humanoid Van dodges these bullets in the same inhuman, unreal 
           manner we’ve seen. Real Van pushes on ahead, also dodging 
           bullets until...

           THE REAL VAN IS STRUCK IN THE LEG

           He goes down hard, rolling in the grass, coming to a stop.

           REAL VAN’S POV--
           The Helicopter is pushing off from the ground, dirt flying 
           everywhere as Humanoid Van fights off three Secret Service 
           agents, forces his way onto the helicopter just as it 
           levitates off the earth. 

           ADRENALINE COURSES THROUGH REAL VAN’S VEINS and he pushes 
           himself up off the ground, breaks into a sprint, bullets 
           flying in his direction once more.

           REAL VAN’S POV--

           The helicopter is just feet away now, pulsating higher and 
           higher into the air. 

           Real Van lets out a guttural roar, his face a visage of utter 
           madness as he launches off the ground, arms extended and, 
           like a gifted acrobat reaching for an impossibly high bar, he 
           thrusts his fingers out, just barely wraps them around the 
           SKIDS extending down from the helicopter’s undercarriage. 

           FROM BELOW

           The helicopter rises up into the air, fleeing Sonny Finch’s 
           estate, with the real Van Danzen hanging off the bottom, legs 
           dangling below. 

           The real Van uses all his might to do a pull up, crawls onto 
           the circular bar, positions himself, nearly falls, steadies 
           himself. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS

           INSIDE THE HELICOPTER 

           Humanoid Van is engaged by two Secret Service agents. One 
           tries to shoot him, misses. Humanoid Van bites his arm, 
           tearing it right out of the socket. The Secret Service Agent 
           screams, blood splattering all over President Whitley’s face 
           while he cowers in the corner of the helicopter, fearing for 
           his life. 

           Humanoid Van wastes no time, moves toward the doorway, hurls 
           the bloodied agent out of the helicopter to a quick, painless 
           death on top of a house below. 

           In the cockpit, the pilot appears steeled while he aims the 
           copter south. In the passenger seat, SONNY FINCH has his head 
           ducked between his knees, terrified. 
           The other secret service agent decks Humanoid Van in the face 
           and he nearly falls from the helicopter but, in a show of 
           insane balance, he teeters in the brink of the doorway, 
           grasps the outside of the copter, and uses his momentum to 
           thrust himself back into the cabin. 

           The secret service agent fires at Humanoid Van, misses. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS

           Real Van, clutching the skid like a sloth climbing a tree 
           reaches up, grabs hold of the floor of the copter, hoists 
           himself. 

           Humanoid Van appears in the precipice of the doorway, stares 
           down at the Real Van, his fingers just centimeters from 
           Humanoid Van’s boots. 

           Humanoid Van is about to rear back and stomp on real Van’s 
           fingers, when 

           WHOOOOOSH 

           The Humanoid goes hurtling out of the helicopter, kicked hard 
           in the ass by the lone remaining Secret Service agent who, 
           unable to slow his momentum, goes hurtling out of the 
           helicopter, as well. 

           Real Van looks down as Humanoid Van and the secret service 
           agent fall, land right in the middle of the pool on the 
           Beverly Hills Hotel grounds.  

                                 REAL VAN
                             (screaming)
                        Lower me, lower me!

           REAL VAN’S POV--

           Humanoid Van is drowning the secret service agent while hotel 
           guests flee the pool area, screaming. 

           Real Van’s fingers are WHITE AS BONE, his grip slipping on 
           the landing gear. 

                                 REAL VAN (CONT’D)
                        LOWER ME NOW!

           The pilot lowers the metal beast the best it can while the 
           barrage of bullets continues. Finally, ten or so feet from 
           the ground, real Van’s fingers slip, and he falls hard, 
           landing with a crunch in the grass, just missing the pool. 
           EXT. BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL, POOL - CONTINUOUS

           Real Van turns over and

           BOOM 

           A sopping wet Humanoid Van nails him in the face HARD with 
           his steel toed boot. 

           Real Van coughs, spits up blood, rolls over. 

           REAL VAN’S POV--

           Humanoid Van stands there, gun trained directly at his head. 

           Humanoid Van pulls the trigger.

           CLICK

           Real Van, energized by this turn of events, rushes at his 
           Humanoid, spears him, sends him hurtling into a cabana.

           The two engage in a fist fight, bare knuckle boxing at its 
           finest, knocking over umbrellas, pool loungers. Humanoid Van 
           nails the disguised Van in the jaw, which loosens the mask. 

           Enraged, the Humanoid tears the entire mask off, comes face 
           to face with HIMSELF. The Humanoid is momentarily stunned by 
           this. 

           Real Van reaches for his back pocket, grasps his SCREWDRIVER. 

           Real Van is about to plunge the screwdriver into his 
           Humanoid’s ear when the secret service agent comes tearing 
           out of the pool, thrusts his arms around the Humanoid, 
           crushing him down to the earth.  

           The secret service agent catches sight of the real Van 
           staring up at him, and instantly becomes confused. Humanoid 
           Van takes advantage of this, rises, snaps the secret service 
           agent’s neck, killing him. 

           The sound of sirens approaching becomes evident while 
           Humanoid Van moves forward toward the Real Van, who rolls out 
           of the cabana, and breaks into a dead sprint across the pool 
           area, entering the hotel. 

           INT. BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL - CONTINUOUS

           Real Van sneaks behind the counter at the pool entrance. 
           Waits. 
           Humanoid Van comes tearing into the hotel, smashing the door 
           on his way in. 

           Real Van tries to ambush him with the screwdriver, just 
           missing by inches, impaling the wall. Humanoid Van swats at 
           it, and the screwdriver goes flying across the hallway. 

           Humanoid Van swings mightily, nails his creator in the face. 
           He rears back again, nails him. Humanoid Van continues 
           beating the shit out of Real Van, beyond incensed, downright 
           homicidal. He’s spitting, roaring, blood is flying 
           everywhere. 

                                 HUMANOID VAN
                        What am I? Who am I? 

           Humanoid Van glowers at his creator, spittle and blood flying 
           everywhere, a vision of pure, unbridled rage.

           Real Van gets into a fighting stance, and faces off with his 
           Humanoid, each of them landing bare knuckle punches, an epic 
           bout. 

           Humanoid Van connects with Real Van’s jaw, crushing it, 
           sending him to the ground in agony. 

                                 HUMANOID VAN (CONT’D)
                        You brought me into this world to 
                        suffer for your sins, and now I’m 
                        going to take your life from you. 
                        The life I deserve. 

           Real Van rolls over, kicks his Humanoid hard in the balls, 
           briefly incapacitating him. Real Van moves in the direction 
           of his screwdriver, which lays just at the cusp of the lobby. 

           Real Van gets his hand around the screwdriver WHEN boom, 
           Humanoid Van kicks him in the head, sending his face to the 
           ground HARD. 

           Humanoid Van picks up his creator, throws him into the 
           lobby’s center display, sending flowers and water all over 
           the place while terrified hotel guests look on, frightened. 

                                 HUMANOID VAN (CONT’D)
                        I should have never existed in the 
                        first place. And now I’m going to 
                        end you. Payback for my miserable 
                        existence. 

           Humanoid Van picks the bulky table up off the ground, raises 
           it above his hand, brings it down hard. 
           Real Van rolls over just in time, misses the crush. 
           Splintered wood flies all over the lobby. Humanoid Van, 
           enraged by the miss, reaches for a large splintered piece of 
           wood. 

           Real Van begins to crawl on his hands and knees, trying to 
           escape from his Humanoid, which stalks him through the lobby, 
           swinging the huge wood shard like a baseball bat. 

                                 HUMANOID VAN (CONT’D)
                        You didn’t answer my question from 
                        earlier! WHO am I? WHAT am I?

           The Humanoid continues moving after Real Van, growing closer. 

           Humanoid Van, having cornered his prey, grins, evil, enjoying 
           himself while he slowly moves around the lobby, the wail of 
           sirens outside the hotel growing more deafening, ear piercing 
           by the second. 

           HUMANOID VAN’S POV--

           His creator, bloodied, eyes nearly swollen shut, is on his 
           hands and knees, nearly disoriented. 

           REAL VAN’S POV--

           The monster that is his magnum opus stares him down, 
           grinning, ready for the kill of a lifetime. The Humanoid 
           rears back, ready to plunge the wooden stake directly through 
           Van Danzen’s heart when

           MARTINEZ AND SHANAHAN APPEAR BEHIND HIM 

           Real Van gasps, anticipating the strike, but Martinez is 
           faster and she

           PLUNGES THE SCREWDRIVER DIRECTLY INTO HUMANOID VAN’S EAR

           The Humanoid stops dead in its tracks, lingers in a standing 
           position, remains that way for a moment, eyes empty. Then the 
           Humanoid collapses to the earth, impaled on his own stake...

           Martinez rushes to Van Danzen, who mouths “thanks” at her 
           just as he passes out...

                                                           CUT TO BLACK

           INT. CNN NEWSROOM - DAY 

           BROADCAST POV
           Price Collinsworth sits silently behind the glowing news 
           desk, peering at his iPad. In the corner, a clock counts down 
           from 30 seconds. 

           An aide arrives in frame, hands Collinsworth a glass of 
           water, he sips, hands it back to her, not even paying her an 
           ounce of mind. Then, he hands over the iPad, straightens out 
           his tie, puts his game face on, stares at the camera. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH 
                        Good evening, America. In my 29 
                        years as an investigative 
                        journalist, I can’t say that I’ve 
                        ever reported on a more salacious, 
                        preposterous series of events. But 
                        here we are, struggling to make 
                        sense of what the nation witnessed 
                        just over a week ago. Since then, 
                        we’ve learned of the existence of 
                        the Humanoid technology, we’ve been 
                        made aware of the President’s role 
                        in a conspiracy to steal and 
                        control said technology, and we’ve 
                        played witness to said President 
                        resigning from office following the 
                        revelation of the Humanoid project, 
                        his role in it, and also the 
                        existence of a Humanoid made to 
                        replicate the President himself. 
                        All this on the heels of one of the 
                        bloodiest manhunts in the nation’s 
                        history.   
                             (beat)
                        In a few moments, we’ll go live to 
                        Cedars-Sinai hospital, in Los 
                        Angeles, where Van Danzen-- the 
                        real one, mind you-- will speak 
                        publicly for the first time since 
                        being exonerated for the murder of 
                        Miles Russell. 

           Price clears his throat, a bit of a befuddled expression 
           crossing his face. 

                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        Before that, we’re going to revisit 
                        President Stephenson’s brief 
                        address from earlier this morning. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 PRICE COLLINSWORTH (CONT’D)
                        The President has, as a first order 
                        of business after taking the 
                        Presidential oath, elected to 
                        pardon Van Danzen on any charges 
                        stemming from the actions taken by 
                        what we’ve since learned is a 
                        “Humanoid” creation. An inhuman 
                        human, if you will. And while the 
                        nation-- the world, really-- 
                        grapples with the advent of such a 
                        startlingly real technology coming 
                        into the fold, undoubtedly we can 
                        find some solace in having answers. 
                        Because the past few weeks have 
                        brought us some very, very strange 
                        days. We’ve seen a federal inmate 
                        escape from maximum security 
                        prison. We’ve witnessed a brutal, 
                        savage series of cold blooded 
                        murders. We sat in awe while we 
                        watched Van Danzen seemingly fight 
                        himself, former President Whitley’s 
                        life on the line. And, perhaps most 
                        shockingly --which really is saying 
                        something-- we learned of a 
                        conspiracy that ran so deep within 
                        the federal government, that it 
                        cost the President his job. In just 
                        the past 72 hours, we’ve seen 
                        President Whitley resign under 
                        threat of criminal indictment, 
                        we’ve seen FBI Director Shanahan 
                        removed from office in the face of 
                        collusion charges, and we’ve 
                        witnessed the swearing in of Vice 
                        President Stephenson who, just 
                        hours after granting Van Danzen the 
                        following pardon, promoted Special 
                        Agent in Charge Victoria Martinez 
                        to the newly vacant post of FBI 
                        Director. And here it 
                        is...President Stephenson’s words 
                        from the South Lawn just hours ago.

           Price’s visage dissolves into a feed featuring the White 
           House’s South Lawn.

           EXT. WHITE HOUSE, SOUTH LAWN - DAY

           The familiar corps of reporters has gathered to hear the new 
           President speak. President Julia Stephenson, late 50s, tall, 
           forceful in her demeanor, strides across the stage, arrives 
           at the podium to quiet applause. 
                                 PRESIDENT STEPHENSON
                        There are times throughout history 
                        when the leader of a democratic 
                        free state must stand up for the 
                        fundamental liberties granted all 
                        citizens. One of those fundamental 
                        liberties is the right to the 
                        pursuit of prosperity. As our 
                        nation learned this past week, the 
                        man who our nation elected, who we 
                        put in charge of insuring these 
                        liberties, chose to engage in an 
                        unlawful show of behavior aimed at 
                        restricting said liberties, and in 
                        doing so, thrust the very fabric of 
                        the Constitution into jeopardy. In 
                        reviewing the details of this 
                        sordid, twisted tale, it is as 
                        apparent to me as ever that Van 
                        Danzen was victimized by collusion 
                        efforts between the President of 
                        the United States and the Director 
                        of the Federal Bureau of 
                        Investigation. As you now know, 
                        former President Whitley has 
                        stepped down from his position. As 
                        my first order within the context 
                        of this office, I made the decision 
                        to terminate FBI Director Shanahan. 
                        I’ve also instructed a grand jury 
                        to explore an indictment on 
                        collusion charges.
                             (beat)
                        I am keenly aware of, and have 
                        devoted much contemplation toward 
                        the fact that Van Danzen’s behavior 
                        in skirting the law, regardless of 
                        his status as guilty or innocent, 
                        did cost human lives. His actions 
                        were not without reprehension, and 
                        I in no means wish to condone or 
                        endorse the violence this nation 
                        witnessed as the result of his 
                        technology. However, in preserving 
                        the fabric of our nation’s justice 
                        system, I’ve decided to issue a 
                        sweeping pardon to cover any and 
                        all charges Van Danzen may have 
                        faced arising from the recent 
                        situation--

                                                           CUT TO BLACK
           INT. CEDARS SINAI, SUITE - DAY

           REVEAL that we’ve been watching this feed on a TV in Van 
           Danzen’s lavishly appointed hospital suite. Van, dressed in a 
           navy suit, no tie, tosses the remote on a table, moves away 
           from the TV, his face looking bruised, but not nearly as 
           grotesque as it could be.  

           Van turns to find FBI Director Martinez standing in the 
           doorway.

                                 MARTINEZ
                        You look good. All things 
                        considered. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        I’d say it’s a pretty damn good day 
                        to be Van Danzen. 

           Martinez snickers at Van as he approaches her.

                                 MARTINEZ
                        You ready to rock and roll?

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Like I’m Elvis in 1960. 

           Martinez considers Van, almost bashful in her demeanor. She 
           leans up, wipes lint off his shoulder. 

                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT’D)
                        It’s been a while since I had to 
                        wear a suit. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Well, that’s a shame. 

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. CEDARS SINAI - DAY

           A corps of reporters is gathered beneath a podium that 
           resides in front of the large Cedars-Sinai crest. Van Danzen 
           appears to the side of the stage and the cameras begin to 
           snap. 

           Van strides on stage, gingerly waving to the reporters, 
           serious in his demeanor, contrite. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        I appreciate the warm welcome. But, 
                        I don’t feel I deserve it. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT'D)
                        I want to state clearly that I 
                        regret my actions. I put a lot of 
                        lives in jeopardy-- yes, many were 
                        lost-- and I take full 
                        responsibility for that. I 
                        certainly appreciate President 
                        Stephenson’s granting me a pardon, 
                        however I aim to take it a step 
                        further in my ode to this nation. 
                        In displaying my commitment to 
                        making this right, I will be 
                        reimbursing the federal government, 
                        in full, for any and all funds lost 
                        as the result of the manhunt and 
                        capture of my Humanoid creation. In 
                        addition, I will be establishing a 
                        trust that will pay out to the 
                        families of all of the victims of 
                        this horrible, unnatural killing 
                        spree. 
                             (beat)
                        Furthermore, I want to make it 
                        known now that I intend to fully 
                        cooperate with the federal 
                        government going forward, so that 
                        we can best put the Humanoid 
                        technology to good use in defense 
                        of our great nation, and as a means 
                        of making life on our own soil more 
                        fulfilling and prosperous. 

           Van grows silent, pensive. He turns toward Martinez, shoots 
           her a grin. 

                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT’D)
                        I’d also like to thank the new 
                        standing Director of the FBI, the 
                        wonderfully brilliant Victoria 
                        Martinez, who, quite frankly, saved 
                        my life. 

           The corps of reporters claps for Martinez, who smiles 
           proudly. 

                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT’D)
                        Had I not kidnapped her in my 
                        pursuit of my Humanoid, there’s 
                        really no doubt in my mind that I’d 
                        be dead now. 

           Martinez grins to herself, looks at the ground. 

           The reporters begin to angle for questions, and the scene 
           grows a bit disorderly. 
           Van puts his hand out in a gesture meant to calm the crowd. 

                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT’D)
                        All right, all right, I will take a 
                        few questions. In orderly fashion, 
                        please. 

           Van peers down at a female reporter, nods. 

                                 FEMALE REPORTER
                        Callie Armstrong, Wichita Eagle. 
                        What do you intend to do now that 
                        you have your freedom back, Van?

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        I’m going to take a vacation. 

           The reporters mumble to themselves, Van smiles. He looks in 
           the direction of a male reporter in the front row. 

                                 MALE REPORTER
                        Keith Current, New Orleans Times-
                        Picayune. Will we possibly be 
                        seeing a Van Danzen / Victoria 
                        Martinez ticket for the upcoming 
                        election?

           Van laughs, turns to face Martinez. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        In your wildest dreams...

                                                                 CUT TO

           EXT. LAX AIRPORT - NIGHT 

           An Airbus A340 in generic livery sits on the tarmac, 
           illuminated by its exterior lights. In the BG, planes come 
           and go on the taxiway.  

           CLOSE ON the Sprinter van as it pulls up, parks by the 
           extended airstairs. The door slides open, revealing Van 
           Danzen, looking fully recovered, tan, relaxed.

           Van moves to the driver’s side door, Bruce rolls the window 
           down. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Be good without me, okay? 

                                 BRUCE
                        What else could I possibly be?
           Bruce winks, Van reaches in squeezes him on the shoulder. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Thanks for everything. You’ve been 
                        wonderful. 

           Van moves away from the Sprinter. In the BG, a handful of 
           attendants begin to unload suitcases from the back of the 
           Sprinter, ferrying them up into the airplane. 

           Van Danzen stands there, adjusts his pants, turns as if ready 
           to board the aircraft. But something catches his eye. 

           VAN DANZEN’S POV--

           An approaching limo. Van grins, nodding to himself. The limo 
           comes to a stop and Director Martinez emerges, looking dapper 
           in her black business attire. 

                                 VAN DANZEN (CONT’D)
                        I knew you’d make it. 

           Martinez laughs at Van, shaking her head.

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Because of you, I have a job to do. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        That’s a shame. There’s going to be 
                        a lot of fun in the sun. You’re 
                        missing out. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Van...thank you. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        I think I should be the one 
                        extending the thanks. 

           The two hold each other’s faces for a moment, poignant. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        I’ll kind of miss you. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Don’t get too used to it. We’ll be 
                        campaigning for the Oval Office in 
                        a few months time, eh?

           Van winks. Martinez, amused, shakes her head at him. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Bye, Van. 
           Van leans in hugs Martinez, turns to head to the jet. He 
           stops, pivots back. 

                                 VAN DANZEN
                        Hey...do you think you could do me 
                        one last favor? 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Anything. 

           Van reaches into his pocket, digs, finally procures 
           something, palms it. He reaches his hand out to Martinez, 
           opens it.

           MARTINEZ’S POV--

           A small laminated card with a lengthy series of digits typed 
           out on it. 

                                 VAN
                        Shouldn’t take you too much time to 
                        get Quinn up and running again. 

           Martinez flashes Van a look that’s equal parts amused and 
           sad. 

                                 VAN (CONT’D)
                        What? After you turned me down, I 
                        figured it wouldn’t hurt to have 
                        some company. 
                             (beat)
                        Sure you don’t want to take a 
                        hiatus? It’s quite the lovely house 
                        I’m shacking up in. 

           Martinez takes the card, pockets it. 

                                 MARTINEZ
                        Be safe, Van Danzen. I’ll be 
                        watching you. 

           Martinez winks, makes off. Van stands, watches her gracefully 
           disappear into the back of the limo...

           PRE LAP -- The intro to The Cars’ “Let the Good Times Roll” 
           begins to play. 

           EXT. FRENCH POLYNESIA - DAY

           A sweeping view of paradise from above. Shimmering teal 
           water, impossibly white sand, tiny green islands scattered 
           about. 
           From this great height, a SPEEDBOAT appears to us but a speck 
           as it courses across the water’s surface, spitting up mist in 
           its wake. 

           CLOSE ON a sweeping overwater bungalow. Basically the sickest 
           house you have ever seen in your entire life. It’s a $100,000 
           a night kind of place. 

           Van Danzen is standing outside the home, leaning against the 
           railing, wearing an all white linen ensemble, looking TAN AS 
           FUCK. 

           Van takes a sip from a pina colada, smiles, his eyes trained 
           on something off in the distance. 

           CLOSE ON the speedboat as it makes its way toward the 
           overwater bungalow. At first we can only make out the visage 
           of the dark skinned local who drives the boat, smiling, 
           wearing a floral patterned shirt. 

           Just behind this man, in a flowing lilac robe, her mink-like 
           hair flowing vibrantly in the breeze...

           QUINN

           Van Danzen raises his glass. 

           Cheers

           Off Van Danzen’s beaming grin...

           THE END
