                                         TAU

                                     Written by 

                                    Noga Landau 

          Copyright 2014
          noga.landau@gmail.com
          505-690-9982
           INT. SLEAZY NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT

           A pulsating mass of bodies. Hazy strobe lights, sticky floor. 

           JULIA (20’s), wearing a cheap synthetic dress, stumbles 
           through the crowd. A drunken mess on heels.

           ACROSS THE CLUB, a FIGURE watches her. He stands eerily 
           still, wearing a ratty overcoat. Features unseen.  

           BACK IN THE CROWD, a tricked-out PARTY BOY catches up to 
           Julia. 

                                 PARTY BOY
                        Hey!

           Julia swerves down an empty corridor leading to the 
           bathrooms. She steadies herself against the wall.

                                 PARTY BOY (CONT’D)
                        Why’d you leave?

           The Party Boy hoists her up. 

                                 PARTY BOY (CONT’D)
                        Come on, let’s go back to my place. 
                        I’m gonna take real good care of 
                        you tonight.

                                 JULIA
                        No.

           He gropes at her. She weakly struggles.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Let go.

           She stumbles and grabs a hold of his wrist to pull herself 
           back up.

                                 PARTY BOY
                        Come on—

           He slides his hand the short distance up her skirt.

                                 JULIA
                        Stop.

           Her arm gets tangled in his jacket, trying to push him away.

                                 PARTY BOY
                        Take it easy.
           He holds onto her waist and jams his fingers into her g-
           string. She pushes at him, futilely, a mess of limbs, batting 
           at his neck, his chest --

                                 PARTY BOY (CONT’D)
                        Stop fighting.

           He slams her up against the wall. She stops. 

                                 PARTY BOY (CONT’D)
                        Like that?

           She looks up at him, as her glassy look slowly gives way to a 
           clear-eyed FOCUS. 

           The Party Boy sees it, disarmed for a moment. She slips from 
           his grasp --

                                 JULIA
                        Excuse me.

           -- and into the one-toilet --

           LADIES ROOM

           She locks the door behind her. Pushes the messy hair off her 
           face. We get a good look at the real Julia now:

           A sober, scrappy beauty with an edge. A hard edge.

           CORRIDOR

           The Party Boy leans heavy on the door. He BANGS on it.

                                 PARTY BOY
                        Hey!

           LADIES ROOM

           Julia reaches into the folds of her dress, and pulls out:

           His WATCH, his WALLET, his GOLD CHAIN --

           Another BANG jolts the door.

           -- and finally, his CELL PHONE. Futuristic, hard and 
           crystalline, with a display that is instantly activated:

                                 CELL PHONE VOICE
                        ALERT. Please return to user.

                                 JULIA
                        ...shit.
           CORRIDOR

           The Party Boy KICKS at the door.

                                 PARTY BOY
                        Open the fucking door!

           LADIES ROOM

           Julia fumbles with the cell phone.

                                 CELL PHONE VOICE
                        ALERT. Removal from user is 
                        strictly prohibited. 

           She digs her fingers into the sides, trying to pry it open.

                                 CELL PHONE VOICE (CONT’D)
                        Anti-theft satellite signal will 
                        activate in 5, 4 --

                                 JULIA
                        Come on!

           She grits her teeth, wrenching, scratching, tearing at this 
           fucker.

                                 CELL PHONE VOICE

           CORRIDOR

           The Party Boy backs up and PUNTS the door. The hinges bust 
           loose.

           LADIES ROOM

                                 CELL PHONE VOICE (CONT’D)

           Julia SMASHES the phone against the sink, shattering the 
           screen. She plunges her fingers through the splinters of 
           smartglass and pops out its nano-battery. 

           The phone is silenced.

           CORRIDOR

           One last BANG, and the door topples off its hinges. The Party 
           Boy charges in --
           LADIES ROOM

           -- but it’s empty. A yellowed window, high above the sink, 
           has been joggled open.  

           EXT. SLEAZY NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT

           Julia lands hard on the ground outside, pulls herself up, and 
           quickly rounds the corner of the building. 

           She zigzags through the CROWD out front. Completely 
           unassuming, blending in. 

           Just another dead-end girl from this urban hellhole of the 
           very near future. 

           She takes off down the street, into the sprawl of tenements 
           and flickering digital billboards. 

           The Figure with the ratty overcoat now stands outside the 
           club, watching her go.

           INT. BACKROOM - NIGHT

           Julia dumps her stolen goods on a table. A glitzed-up 
           criminal QUEENPIN (50’s) picks through her haul. 

           The Queenpin counts out a small wad of cash with her diamond-
           encrusted fingernails. Her THUGS mill around in the b.g., 
           sorting piles of loot.

           The Queenpin glances up at Julia, and pushes the cash over to 
           her.

                                 JULIA
                        Where’s the rest?

           The Queenpin flicks at the broken cell-phone.

                                 QUEENPIN
                        I could ask you the same.

                                 JULIA
                        What the hell was I supposed to do? 
                        It started talking. It’s new 
                        technology.

           The Queenpin tosses the cell-phone into a trash bin.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on! At least salvage it for 
                        parts— 
                                 QUEENPIN
                        This is scrap. I don’t want scrap 
                        from you. I want goods.

                                 JULIA
                        How’s that fair? You buy scrap from 
                        the other dippers!

                                 QUEENPIN
                        I buy scrap from the others because 
                        I like the others. You want me to 
                        like you?

                                 JULIA
                        No, I want you to pay me fair.

                                 QUEENPIN
                        Tell you what. You go out back and 
                        make some friends—

           The Thugs pull aside a curtain for Julia: 

           Out back, a group of fellow scantily-clad PICKPOCKETS sit 
           around a table, eating, smoking, playing cards. 

                                 QUEENPIN (CONT’D)
                        —let ‘em teach you how to show some 
                        respect. Then come back here and 
                        ask me again, nicely. You do that, 
                        I’ll pay you the rest. 

           Julia stares at the Pickpockets for a moment, torn. Finally --

                                 JULIA
                        I don’t need this shit. 

           Julia grabs the couple of bills on the table.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I’m getting out of this place.

           The Queenpin laughs.

                                 QUEENPIN
                        Baby, we’re all getting out of this 
                        place.

           Julia turns and storms towards the door. The Queenpin stops 
           laughing. 

                                 QUEENPIN (CONT’D)
                        You leave like this, you don’t come 
                        back here!
           Julia yanks open the door.

                                 QUEENPIN (CONT’D)
                        The only thing left for you to sell 
                        out there is yourself!

           Julia SLAMS the door behind her.

           EXT. STREET - NIGHT

           A dilapidated slum on the edge of the city. The kind of place 
           where the missing signs are for people, not dogs. 

           INT. JULIA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT

           On the ground floor. Julia kicks her heels off, frustrated. 
           She treads down the narrow hallway, past flaking paint and 
           cracks in the wall.

           KITCHEN

           Julia stands on her tiptoes, reaching into her unplugged 
           freezer.

           She pulls out a faded ice cream carton. Holds it to her chest 
           and sits down by the kitchen window. She opens it, carefully 
           folds the couple measly bills she earned tonight, and places 
           them on top of the small pile inside. 

           She takes out a dog-eared pamphlet:

           On the front, a picture of a little PREFAB HOUSE, nestled in 
           the woods, with a vast starry sky above. Modest and tranquil. 
           Below it, the text:

           YOU CAN BE A HOMEOWNER! LEARN MORE ABOUT OWNER FINANCING! 

           Julia gently places the pamphlet down on the table, then 
           stands and removes the crowbar that is keeping her window 
           closed. She yanks the window down a few inches. Immediately, 
           the nighttime sounds of the urban ghetto fill her kitchen. 

           She looks up at the muggy sky. She squints. She can make out 
           one DISTANT STAR. The rest of the sky is a wash of smog and 
           light pollution.

           The sudden sound of SKITTERING feet behind her. She WHIPS 
           around --

           A huge RAT darts across the kitchen floor. 

           She jumps.
                                 JULIA
                        Oh my God! Oh my God...

           She grabs the crowbar. Bends down and holds it out in front 
           of her. She keeps it pointed it in the direction of the rat 
           and backs out of the kitchen.

           A faint breeze rustles the pamphlet resting on the table. The 
           window is still open.

           BEDROOM

           Julia slams the door and stuffs the gap beneath it with a 
           bedsheet. She crouches down, crowbar in hand, regaining 
           composure. 

           She rocks back and forth, calming herself. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Ok, ok. 

           She clenches the crowbar. She’s going to have to go back out 
           and kill this thing. She reaches for the lock-less doorknob --

           Then stops. There is faint sound coming from outside. Getting 
           closer, closer --

           Julia braces for the rat.

           The sound grows clearer. A pattering. Footsteps. Human 
           footsteps. 

           Julia freezes. What the...? She slowly looks down at the 
           crowbar in her hand. The window.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (very quiet)
                        Shit.

           The footsteps STOP, right outside the bedroom. Then nothing. 
           Silence.

           Julia starts shaking, her breath catching. The silence 
           becomes overwhelming. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (yelling)
                        Who’s there? Who the fuck is there!

           No answer.

           She peels the bedsheet away from the gap beneath the door. 
           Peers down -- 
           No shadows. No feet. Nothing. 

           She raises the crowbar, turns the doorknob --

           HALLWAY

           -- and swings the door open. She steps out into the dark 
           corridor. Checks the hallway to her right. Closes the door to 
           check her left --

           And the Figure standing behind it POUNCES on her. She 
           SCREAMS. 

           He grabs her in a choke-hold -- clamps a chemical-soaked rag 
           to her mouth and nose.

           She swings the crowbar wildly -- finally grabs it with both 
           hands and RAMS it behind her. One of his ribs CRACKS. The 
           Figure GROANS with pain, but he manages to keep the rag over 
           her face. 

           She winds up to ram him again -- but she can’t. Her head 
           lolls back, her body goes limp. The crowbar slips from her 
           hands.

           He lowers her to the ground, completely helpless. Removes the 
           rag from her face.

           He’s wearing the ratty overcoat. It’s the same Figure who was 
           watching her at the nightclub. 

           He turns her over on her side and binds her hands together.

           From her POV, face mashed against the floor, we see into the 
           kitchen. The rat has taken refuge under the cupboards. 
           Julia’s only witness. 

           The rat suddenly turns and makes a run for the open window, 
           for freedom --

           Just as Julia’s eyes glaze over, and she loses consciousness.

                                                              BLACKOUT.

           A HAZY VIEW of somewhere dank and dark. Cobweb-covered 
           ceiling, dirty floor. Julia is on her back on a filthy 
           pallet, hands tied with an orange extension cord. Naked. 

           The Figure, THE MAN, rolls off of her. He wears a leather 
           mask over his face.

           Rusty instruments of torture hang from the walls.
           The Man gets up and returns with a plate of food. He picks up 
           a chicken leg and holds it to her mouth so that she can eat. 
           She is frozen, in shock and pain. The last thing she wants to 
           do is eat right now.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (barely able to talk)
                        ...let me go.

           He puts the plate down. He places a leather muzzle over her 
           face, straps it closed in back, and secures it with a lock. 
           He covers her with a rough blanket, then gets up and drags 
           her across the floor, by the orange extension cord --

           Somewhere along the way, she passes out.

                                 SUPER: DAY 1

           INT. BASEMENT

           A faint buzzing sound.

           Julia wakes with a start. Bolts upright, still wrapped in the 
           blanket, hands tied in front of her. For a moment, completely 
           disoriented. Eyes wide, utter panic --

           She slowly gains control of her breathing, but it’s not easy. 
           The muzzle is keeping her mouth closed.

           She is in a LARGE CAGE, floor to ceiling steel bars. She 
           reaches up with her tied hands, to touch the metal --

           A person suddenly INTERCEPTS, body-slamming her away from the 
           bars. Another GIRL, wearing her own blanket and muzzle looms 
           over Julia.

           She grunts and gestures to Julia, a stern warning. She points 
           from the bars to a big, outmoded GENERATOR across the room. 
           The cage is electrified -- hence the buzzing.

           Julia pulls herself up and sees a second GIRL, more frail 
           than the first. Gaunt face beneath her muzzle, vacant look in 
           her eyes. 

           The first girl produces a white, chalky rock from her 
           blanket. She bends down in front of Julia, and writes on the 
           floor:

                        I’m Karen. That’s Sarah. What’s 
                        your name?

           KAREN puts the rock into Julia’s bound hands. 
           Julia’s eyes dart around the basement, distracted, still 
           getting her bearings. But slowly, through the pain and fear, 
           Julia’s body language changes. 

           She’s not just looking around anymore. She’s casing this 
           joint. 

           Julia quickly scrawls:

                        Where the keys

           Karen sternly takes the rock back, and writes:

                        There are no keys. 

           Julia stands up on shaky legs, and starts circling the cage, 
           like an animal --

           She suddenly stops, listens. Filtering in from up above, the 
           sound of The Man speaking, carrying on a conversation with a 
           SECOND VOICE. It’s hard to tell if the Second Voice is male 
           or female.

           Julia grabs the rock from Karen and writes:

                        How many of them

           Karen yanks the rock back from her and writes:

                        Only he comes down here.

           The sudden sound of a DOOR OPENING up above. Footsteps 
           descending stairs.

           Karen uses her blanket to hastily wipe their conversation off 
           the floor. She pushes Julia down, gesturing for her to stay 
           put.

           The Man enters the basement, face covered with the leather 
           mask, carrying a stun gun and a can of gasoline. He goes to 
           the generator, flips it open, and refills it. 

           Once finished, he goes to the cage and inputs a security code 
           on an old keypad. The electricity stops buzzing through the 
           bars, and the locks on the cage door open. He enters.

           The Man glances in Julia’s direction, like he’s checking up 
           on her. But Karen crawls to his feet, grabbing his attention, 
           distracting him.

           The Man looks down at Karen and pulls her up to standing. 

           As Karen follows him out of the cage, a satisfied look 
           flickers across her muzzled face.
           The Man inputs the code again. The electricity powers back 
           up, the door locks, the buzzing resumes. 

           He and Karen disappear into his evil little workshop.

           Julia throws the blanket off. Looks at Sarah. What the hell 
           is going on?

           No response. Sarah just stares back, a cowering, blank 
           expression on her face.

                                 SUPER: DAY 2

           INT. BASEMENT

           Karen is back in the cage, playing tic-tac-toe on the floor 
           with Sarah. All of their hands remain bound in front of them 
           with orange extension cords.

           Julia paces the cage, obsessively scoping the basement out. 
           The cage, the generator, the exhaust pipe snaking up into the 
           ceiling -- 

           And an item we haven’t seen yet. An old digital CLOCK on the 
           wall. It reads 6:25pm.

           Up above, the faint sound of The Man and the Second Voice 
           begins. The two of them, striking up a conversation.

           Julia’s empty stomach growls. She goes over to Karen and 
           Sarah and snatches the rock from them.

           Julia writes:

                        When he feed us 

           Karen snatches the rock back and writes:

                        You have to wait your turn.

           Julia writes:

                        Fuck that

           Karen angrily writes:

                        You have to wait your turn. Today 
                        is Sarah’s day.

           LATER

           The sound of Sarah SCREAMING from behind the door of The 
           Man’s workshop. Julia stands at the bars, horrified.  
           Karen sits in the corner of the cage, finger-combing her 
           hair, humming to herself.

           The clock reads 8:40pm.

                                 SUPER: DAY 3

           INT. BASEMENT

           The Man and the Second Voice are speaking again.

           Julia is slumped by the cage door, weakened from hunger. 

           Sarah sits in the corner, grunting to herself. The blanket 
           slips from her back. Her skin is covered in bloody welts and 
           burn marks from the day before.

           The clock reads 7:03pm.

           The Man enters the basement in his leather mask. He performs 
           his usual routine: Fill the generator. Enter the code. Open 
           the cage door.

           Karen stares at Julia, expectantly. Almost excited for her.

           The Man gestures for Julia to follow him. Julia doesn’t move. 
           Karen prods Julia forward. Julia digs her heels in.

           Growing impatient, The Man grabs Julia by her bound hands and 
           drags her out of the cage. Julia tries to put up a fight, but 
           it’s useless. She’s starving. 

           INT. THE MAN’S WORKSHOP

           The Man undoes the straps on the back of Julia’s muzzle and 
           throws her onto the pallet. Julia coughs, hoarse --

                                 JULIA
                        Food.

           The Man pushes Julia down.

                                 THE MAN
                        After.

           AFTER

           The Man brings over a plate of chicken, mashed potatoes, and 
           green beans. He sits next to Julia. She tries to snatch the 
           plate away with her bound hands --
           But he yanks the plate back, and shakes his head. He takes 
           out a plastic fork and gathers a forkful of mashed potatoes. 
           He brings it to Julia’s mouth. 

           She grits her teeth. Finally, she lets him feed her. She 
           devours every morsel of food he offers.

           Her eyes dart across the workshop. Torture instruments. Dirty 
           counters. A small fridge and cupboard where he stores the 
           food. 

                                 JULIA
                             (between bites)
                        Why’d you take me? Did I ever steal 
                        your shit? Did I ever fuck you 
                        over? Is this revenge?

           The Man doesn’t answer. Julia looks him in the eye.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Why’d you take me?

           The Man lowers the plate.

                                 THE MAN
                        Because you wanted to be taken.

           INT. BASEMENT

           The clock reads 2:18pm.

           Karen is trying to get Sarah to play tic-tac-toe, but Sarah 
           won’t respond. She just sits, staring blankly at the bars. 

           Julia paces, listening. She checks the clock. She goes to 
           Karen and grabs the rock:

                        Quiet for hrs every day where he at

           Karen rolls her eyes with annoyance and takes the rock:

                        Work?

           Julia writes:

                        For sure?

           Karen shrugs. Julia writes:

                        What about the other one

           Karen shrugs and points to the word “Work?” 
           Julia writes:

                        You sure you NEVER seen the other 
                        one

           Karen grabs the rock, squeezing it, fed up:

                        No! Stop trying to cause a 
                        problem!!!

           The rock suddenly CRUMBLES into tiny pieces from the 
           pressure. Karen stares down at the remnants in her hand. She 
           looks up at Julia, despair twisting her face --

           Karen FLINGS the chalky pieces across the cage. Julia steps 
           back. What is this bitch gonna do now?

           But Karen stays planted on the floor. She lets out a 
           horrible, mournful WAIL from beneath her muzzle. Her eyes 
           overflow with tears.

           Sarah snaps out of her catatonia and crawls over to Karen. 
           She wraps her arms around the wailing girl, and then Sarah 
           starts wailing too. 

           They both look up at Julia, imploring her to join them in 
           their anguish, to help comfort each other --

           But Julia turns her back on them, shaking her head, unwilling 
           to be a part of this. 

           Julia goes back to obsessively scanning the basement. The 
           clock, the cage, the generator. The clock, the cage, the 
           generator --

           Karen and Sarah’s wailing persists.

           Julia closes her eyes, trying to concentrate -- 

           The clock, the cage, the generator. The clock, the cage, the 
           generator. And then, a quickflash image:

           THE MAN’S WORKSHOP. THE RUSTY INSTRUMENTS ALL OVER THE WALLS.

           Julia slowly opens her eyes, a deep focus coming over her 
           face. She walks to the corner of the cage, and lowers herself 
           to the ground. 

           In the background, Sarah and Karen continue to cry in each 
           others’ arms.

           Julia concentrates on the wall, blocking out the noise behind 
           her. She breathes.
                                 SUPER: DAY 6

           INT. BASEMENT

           This time, Julia is ready. The Man enters the basement, 
           performing his usual routine.

           Julia gets up and waits by the cage door. Once he unlocks it, 
           she calmly follows him out of the cage.

           INT. THE MAN’S WORKSHOP

           With Julia still on her back, The Man carefully removes the 
           muzzle from her face. As always, he keeps his mask on.

                                 THE MAN
                        I prepared something special for 
                        tonight.

           The Man gets up and walks across the room. He retrieves a 
           plate and shows it to Julia. A bloody steak, garnished with 
           parsley.

           Julia does not give him the satisfaction of her approval.

                                 THE MAN (CONT’D)
                        You don’t like it?

           Julia does not answer.

                                 THE MAN (CONT’D)
                        I don’t have to serve it to you.

           The Man angrily takes the plate away. 

                                 JULIA
                             (hoarse)
                        You got any pepper?

           The Man looks back at her.

                                 THE MAN
                        What?

                                 JULIA
                        You got. Any. Pepper.

           She stares at him -- her expression unreadable.

           The Man slowly sets the steak down on a counter in the 
           foreground. His movements are chilling. 
           In the background, Julia remains on the pallet, motionless.

           The Man leaves the plate, and for the briefest moment, 
           crosses the room to the cupboard --

           -- as Julia’s bound hands DART up to the counter, with the 
           speed of a pickpocket, and GRAB a shiny object --

           The Man returns with a pepper shaker. He dumps it over the 
           steak, then cuts the meat up into chewable pieces.

           The Man takes the plate and sits down next to Julia. She’s in 
           the same position on the pallet, with the blanket wrapped 
           tightly around herself. 

           He feeds her, scrutinizing her.

                                 THE MAN
                        Don’t ever make a ridiculous demand 
                        like that again.

           Julia looks at him, her eyes watering from the amount of 
           pepper. She sullenly nods.

           The Man reaches up and wipes a bit of food from her mouth.

           INT. BASEMENT

           The Man deposits Julia back in the cage, her muzzle on again. 

           He closes the door, powers the electricity back up, and 
           climbs the stairs, exiting the basement.

           Julia turns to Karen and Sarah, both sleeping on the floor. 
           She reaches into her blanket and pulls out a pair of small, 
           bloodstained PLIERS.

           The clocks reads 11:19pm.

           Julia lies down on the ground, pliers in her hands, and 
           waits.

           LATER

           The clock reads 7:22am.

           Julia is awake, listening --

           The sound of The Man and the Second Voice, carrying on their 
           morning banter upstairs. Then the tone of their conversation 
           shifts to a short exchange -- like they’re saying goodbye for 
           the day.
           Then it’s silent. The only sound is the buzzing of the 
           electrified cage.

           Julia bounds over to Karen and shakes her awake. Julia holds 
           the pliers up, showing them to her.

           Karen’s eyes widen. She starts whimpering and shaking her 
           head.

           Julia mimes cutting the straps on the back of their muzzles. 
           But Karen scoots away from her, terrified.

           Fed up, Julia GRABS Karen, aiming the pliers at the straps on 
           her muzzle. Karen FIGHTS back, panicking --

           But Julia OVERPOWERS her. Wrestles her to the edge of the 
           cage, inches from the bars. One push from Julia, and Karen 
           gets zapped.

           Julia forcibly jams the pliers up and under Karen’s muzzle 
           and uses the sharp groove inside to cut through the straps.

           Julia peels the muzzle off of Karen’s face --

           We see Karen’s features clearly for the first time. Young, 
           like Julia, but surprisingly patrician. In other words, 
           definitely not from Julia’s side of town. 

                                 KAREN
                             (hoarse)
                        No...no...no...please, put it back—

           Julia forces the pliers into Karen’s hands, gesturing for 
           Karen to cut her straps now.

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        No! Please don’t make me. He’ll 
                        kill me—

           Julia SHOVES Karen even closer to the buzzing bars. Not if 
           Julia kills her first.

           Julia guides Karen’s hands to the back of her muzzle. Karen 
           cuts through the straps.

           Julia yanks the muzzle off of her head and throws it on the 
           ground. She plucks the pliers from Karen’s hands.

           The two girls stare each other in the face for the first 
           time. 

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        You don’t understand. If he finds 
                        us—!
                                 JULIA
                        You wanna stay in here forever?

                                 KAREN
                        No, of course not, but—

                                 JULIA
                        Then shut the fuck up. And do what 
                        I say.

           Julia pulls herself up to standing, pliers in hand. This is 
           her fucking cage now.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Wake up bag-o-bones over there. 
                        Keep your shit together. 

           Karen refuses to budge.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Bitch. Move.

           Karen reluctantly crawls to Sarah, and gently wakes her. 

                                 KAREN
                             (whispering)
                        Sarah, it’s ok. Come on.

           Sarah opens her eyes, and looks at Karen. Sees her bare face. 
           Sarah starts to wheeze with fear.

                                 JULIA
                        Hold her.

           Karen puts Sarah in a bear-hug. Julia gets behind Sarah and 
           cuts her muzzle off --

           The sight of Sarah’s FACE is shocking. Her features are 
           ragged, more scars than skin. Hollow and parched. She opens 
           her mouth, but only a moan comes out. Her tongue is gone.

           Karen turns to Julia. 

                                 KAREN
                        She was like you when I first got 
                        here! Always trying to outsmart 
                        him. Planning our escape. But he 
                        figured it out. And that’s when he 
                        started doing this to her.

           Karen gestures to Sarah’s ruined face, her broken body.
                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        You need to make him think you like 
                        him if you want to survive. Keep 
                        him convinced that you’re happy to 
                        be here—

                                 JULIA 
                        Here’s what’s gonna happen now. 
                        Number 1: You’re gonna wrap up the 
                        fucking psychology lesson. Number 
                        2: You’re gonna do everything I 
                        say. Number 3: We’re gonna get the 
                        fuck outta here. Got it?

           Karen knits her brow. Julia starts biting at the orange 
           extension cord around her wrist.

                                 KAREN
                        He’s going to catch us. And then 
                        it’s all over—

           Julia spits out a bit of orange insulation. 

                                 JULIA
                        Get to work.

           LATER

           The clock reads 12:35pm.

           The floor of the cage is covered in bits of orange 
           insulation.  

           Julia and Karen have chewed through the outer layers of their 
           extension cords, exposing the wiring inside. 

           Karen moves over to Sarah, to try and help her get the job 
           done faster.

           Julia starts painfully pulling her hands free from the 
           exposed wiring.

                                 KAREN
                        None of this is necessary. My 
                        parents are coming for me. They’ll 
                        find me, no matter what it takes. 
                        They have the resources, the 
                        police, they know where to look—

                                 JULIA
                        And where is that exactly? Huh? 
                        Where are we?
                                 KAREN
                        Someone’s old, creepy basement.

                                 JULIA
                        Well, that just fucking narrows it 
                        down, doesn’t it?

                                 KAREN
                        You know what I mean. The police 
                        know what kind of neighborhoods to 
                        look in.

           Julia doesn’t respond. She concentrates on freeing her hands.

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        I should have listened to my 
                        parents. They told me to live on 
                        campus. 

           One of Julia’s hands starts to slip free. 

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        The night he took me, he broke into 
                        my place. I thought I was going to 
                        die. Thank God, Sarah was already 
                        here. She took care of me. She 
                        found the chalk. Said she was going 
                        to get us out of here.

           Julia dislodges one of her hands. She painfully flexes it. 
           There are deep red marks on her wrist.

                                 JULIA
                        Sounds like that was her first 
                        mistake. Focusing on your damn 
                        feelings instead of her escape. 
                        Maybe that’s why she wound up like 
                        that.

           Karen mumbles something to herself.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Say that again, bitch.

                                 KAREN
                        I said. You’re no better than him!

           Julia clenches her jaw, muffling her pain as she pulls her 
           other hand free.

                                 JULIA
                        Listen to me, because I’m only 
                        going to waste my energy saying 
                        this once. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 JULIA (CONT'D)
                        Your parents ain’t coming. 
                        Neither’re the police. No one’s 
                        saving us. If all that holy terror 
                        crap you say is true, then this is 
                        our one chance. So stop running 
                        your mouth and focus. 

           Julie unknots her extension cord and stretches it out to its 
           full length. She looks down at it. Ok, this is progress.

           LATER

           The clock reads 3:09pm.

           All the girls’ hands are free now. Karen and Sarah hold the 
           mass of unknotted extension cord wiring, twisting it together 
           to form a long, metallic ROPE. 

           Julia uses the pliers to rip the muzzles apart, creating 
           pockets in the leather. She fills the pockets with the bits 
           of orange insulation. Then she ties the leather back together 
           and wraps it around her hands.

           Insulated gloves.

           Julia steps up to the buzzing bars, nervous. She reaches out 
           one covered finger, slowly --

           She touches it to the metal. 

           Nothing.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Ok.

           Behind her, Karen lets out a sigh of relief.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Give it to me.

           Karen cautiously hands her the metallic rope. Julia affixes 
           the pliers to one end of it, then turns and faces the 
           generator, across the basement. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Ok.

           Julia takes hold of the other end of the rope, aims the 
           pliers through the bars, and LAUNCHES THEM --

           The pliers land inches from the generator, right beside the 
           thick CABLE that powers the cage.
           Immediately, the rope starts conducting electricity from 
           contact with the cage bars, heating up, GLOWING.

           But Julia keeps a grip on her end, pushing and pulling the 
           rope to position the pliers’ handles around the cable.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on...

           The pliers’ handles touch the cable. Julia flips the pliers 
           over, establishing a hold on the cable where it snakes out of 
           the generator. 

           The generator wobbles.

                                 KAREN
                        Don’t tip it!

                                 JULIA
                             (maintaining focus)
                        Just...need...to get this thing 
                        unplugged.

                                 KAREN
                        If the gas spills—

           The rope in Julia’s hands starts turning WHITE HOT. Julia’s 
           insulated gloves SIZZLE --

           Julia drops her grip and shakes her hands out in pain. 

                                 JULIA
                        Shit!

           She takes a deep breath and grabs a hold of the rope again, 
           hauling it and the pliers back into the cage.

           She drops the rope in the middle of the floor, away from the 
           electrified bars. The rope cools, from white hot to yellow to 
           red.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Let it cool. I’ll try again.

           LATER

           Julia YANKS the white hot rope back into the cage, for what 
           looks like the hundredth time. 

           She tears what’s left of the melted gloves off of her singed 
           hands. Sweat drips down her face. 

           The clock reads 5:53pm.
           Sarah is moaning with distress. Karen is losing it.

                                 KAREN
                        They’ll be home, any minute. This 
                        is it. This is it for us. I wanna 
                        go. I just wanna go—

           It’s taking every scrap of Julia’s strength not to collapse 
           on the floor and lose it too. 

           Julia’s eyes dart from the cooling rope, to the generator, to 
           the clock. 

           Rope, generator, clock. 

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        I want my mom...I want my mom to 
                        come get me—!

           Rope generator clock. Rope generator clock. 
           Ropegeneratorclock. Ropegeneratorclock. Ropegeneratorclock 
           Ropegeneratorclockropegeneratorclockropegenerator --

           The clock reads 5:54pm.

           Julia’s gaze hardens. She grabs the melted gloves from the 
           floor, and shoves them back onto her burned hands. She picks 
           up the rope.

                                 JULIA
                             (to Karen and Sarah)
                        When the cage door opens, you’re 
                        going to run. Understand? That’s 
                        all you’re going to do. Run. Up the 
                        stairs. Do not stop. Do not stop 
                        until you’re out of the house.

                                 KAREN
                        What...?

           Julia holds the end of the rope and aims the pliers through 
           the bars. One final throw --

           She LAUNCHES the pliers across the basement. They land by the 
           edge of the generator. But instead of hooking the handles 
           onto the cable, Julia hooks them onto the LEGS OF THE 
           GENERATOR.

                                 KAREN (CONT’D)
                        No, don’t!

                                 JULIA
                        Back up.
                                 KAREN
                        NO—!

           Julia PULLS.

           The generator BANGS to the ground. The gas canister CRACKS --   

           BOOM

           A BLINDING FLASH. The generator EXPLODES, PUNCHING a blazing 
           hole through the basement ceiling. A scorching, GAS FIREBALL 
           billows up along the wall.  

           The cage SHORTS OUT -- SPARKS rain down, the air CRACKLES. 
           The girls’ hair goes static.

           And then, the electricity stops flowing. The cage door 
           unlocks.

           Shielding her face from the heat, coughing, eyes burning, 
           Julia struggles to pull herself up, temporarily stunned. She 
           got the worst of the blowback. 

           Karen pushes open the cage door and RUNS. Sarah scrambles out 
           after her. 

           Karen and Sarah tear up the basement stairs, and THROW OPEN 
           THE DOOR --

           INT. THE HOUSE 

           A BLAST of artificial light. Overwhelming and sterile. The 
           house that sat above them this whole time slowly comes into 
           focus --

           White, spotless floors. Walls made out of thin, transparent 
           smartglass. Minimalist furniture. Frosted oriels where the 
           windows should be. 

           Sprawling, luxury modularity. Empty of its residents. Silent 
           and unsettling.

           Karen and Sarah take a couple leery steps inside. Wearing 
           nothing but their rough blankets, dirty and traumatized. What 
           is this place?

                                 KAREN
                             (fazed)
                        There must be a door.

           Karen cagily makes her way further into the house, leaving 
           grimy footsteps on the pristine floor.
           INT. BASEMENT

           The roar of the gas fire ENGULFS the basement. Julia pulls 
           herself out of the cage, towards the stairs. 

           INT. THE HOUSE

           Karen picks up speed, frantically searching for an exit. 
           Sarah trails after her, urgently moaning.

           Smoke begins to fill the bright hallway. Karen rounds a 
           corner --

           An immense LIVING ROOM with a GAPING HOLE in the middle of 
           it, spewing smoke from the basement fire below. 

           From somewhere behind her, a serene COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds. 

           Karen freezes, listening, uneasy --

           A RAZOR-THIN GLASS PANEL SUDDENLY SLAMS SHUT, inches from 
           Karen’s face.

           She recoils with shock. 

           On the other side of the panel, the smoke collects and swirls 
           inside the sealed-off living room. 

           A FOAMY SUBSTANCE starts raining down from the living room 
           ceiling, dousing the fire below.

           INT. BASEMENT

           Julia pulls herself up the stairs. She stops. Looks back and 
           sees the fire retardant, raining down through the hole in the 
           ceiling. What?

           Julia yanks open the basement door, just as --

           INT. THE HOUSE

           -- Karen and Sarah clamber past, trying the other direction. 

                                 KAREN
                        No door that way!

           Julia takes an unsteady step onto the white floor.

                                 JULIA
                        What is this place?
           Karen disappears down the curving hallway.

                                 KAREN
                        Come on!

                                 JULIA
                        Wait. We don’t know what—

                                 KAREN (O.C.)
                        I see it! In here!

           Julia dubiously follows Karen’s voice.

           KITCHEN

           Karen winds her way through the slab-like islands. Pristine 
           counters, chrome appliances. Aseptic and perfect. Too 
           perfect.

           But on the other side of the kitchen, past a huge, open 
           SITTING ROOM, lies the FRONT DOOR made of thick frosted 
           glass.

           Sarah cautiously takes a step towards Karen. Julia stands 
           back.

           Karen makes it to the middle of the kitchen, her eyes glued 
           on the door, on freedom --

           Then from somewhere above them, the COMPUTERIZED TONE again.

           Julia wheels around, searching for its source.

                                 JULIA
                        Wait. Wait—

           A strange, magnetic HUM overtakes the kitchen. The appliances 
           start to vibrate.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (to Karen)
                        Get back!

           All the drawers in the kitchen SUDDENLY BURST OPEN. Their 
           metallic contents RISE in the air -- KNIVES, SKEWERS, 
           CLEAVERS.

           They float, suspended, slowly turning and reorienting, until 
           all their sharp edges point towards Karen, surrounding her 
           like a deadly cloud.

           For a moment, Karen turns back to Sarah and Julia, a look of 
           abject terror on her face --
           THEN THE KNIVES SLICE HER APART. 

           Karen’s body falls to pieces. She hits the white floor -- 
           blood, bone, and entrails.

           A terrible silence. 

           Then the magnetic HUM starts up again, the SQUELCHING of the 
           knives dislodging themselves from Karen’s remains, RISING 
           back up into the air, pointing towards their next victims. 

           Julia GRABS Sarah, and RUNS.

           The bloody knives FLY towards the girls.

           Julia WHIPS Sarah around the corner of a glass wall --

           Just as the knives SMASH into it, missing their targets.

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia SPRINTS, dragging Sarah along, desperately searching 
           for a place to hide. 

           A glass staircase looms ahead of them. A small CABINET tucked 
           below it.

           Julia opens the cabinet. Enough space for one person.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Get in.

           Julia shoves Sarah inside. 

           CORRIDOR

           Julia backtracks, growing more frantic. Nowhere for her to 
           take shelter. 

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE resonates again through the house.

           Julia reaches the basement door. She huddles in the frame, 
           bracing herself.

           ACROSS THE HOUSE

           Pneumatic wall panels open. From the kitchen, to the 
           hallways, to the central atrium. Their contents emerge --

           DRONES, of all shapes and sizes. Some glide across the floor, 
           some buzz through the air, others climb the walls with 
           jointed appendages. Kitchen Drones, Cleaning Drones, Serving 
           Drones --
           All soulless and sinister. An army of domestic automatons, 
           closing in on Julia.

           EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The lights of the city in the distance. 

           The house sits on a huge swath of forested land, isolated, 
           gleaming with space-age opulence. 

           An expensive car pulls into the driveway. The door opens.

           The Man climbs out. We see his shoes first -- black and 
           sleek. Tailored suit. Perfect hair. 

           Without the mask, in his work clothes, he embodies an outward 
           sophistication. And yet, there’s still something terribly off 
           about him -- the superior air of a computer nerd who grew up 
           plotting to take over the world, and then did. 

           This is ALEX (30’s). He gazes up at his house. 

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Alex enters through the front door. It slides shut behind 
           him. He touches his right hand to a biometric keypad. It 
           lights up, and the door locks.

           He turns around, sensing immediately that something is wrong. 
           He gazes across the sitting room, into the kitchen --

           The CARNAGE of Karen’s blood and innards runs along the white 
           floor.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds. A ripple of colored lights 
           dances across the walls, followed by a familiar VOICE. On the 
           masculine side of androgynous, uncannily placid --

                                 TAU
                        Welcome home, Alex.

           This is TAU, the house’s artificial intelligence system.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        There has been an emergency. Do not 
                        worry. I have it under control.

           Alex sees a couple of the Kitchen Drones emerge from their 
           storage spaces and advance on the --
           CORRIDOR

           Where Julia is still hiding in the doorway. She hears Tau. 
           Her fearful eyes shift with recognition. 

           KITCHEN

           Alex angrily charges past the Drones. They subserviently move 
           out of his way.

                                 ALEX
                        Where are the other two?!

                                 TAU
                        I am not quite sure.

                                 ALEX
                        What’d you mean? What happened? 

           Alex turns to the closest wall. The smartglass COMES ALIVE 
           with a display:

           A video-feed of the living room. Suddenly, the EXPLOSION 
           erupts out of the floor. The video abruptly cuts out.

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry, Alex. The explosion 
                        rendered my surveillance system 
                        inoperable.

           Alex turns away from the wall, and walks into the -- 

           CORRIDOR

           Julia is cornered. She turns to look back down into the 
           smoking basement. She snaps her head forward. No way she’s 
           going back in there.

           Footsteps come around the bend. Alex appears, looming over 
           her. The army of menacing Drones amass behind him. 

           Julia looks up into the face of her tormentor. A flash of 
           hatred. She wants to kill him, but she is utterly powerless 
           in this strange, new world.

           So she does something else -- 

                                 JULIA
                        Please. 

           Julia grovels at his feet.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Please don’t hurt me. 
                                 ALEX
                        What did you do?

                                 JULIA
                        ...it wasn’t me. I tried to stop 
                        them.

           Alex looks at her, quizzical.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I told them not to touch the 
                        generator. But they wouldn’t 
                        listen. Please. 

           Julia clings to the basement doorframe, milking this 
           performance.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Please. I didn’t want to leave. I’m 
                        meant to be here. I wanted to be 
                        taken. Remember?

           Alex bends down. Eye level with her. 

                                 ALEX
                        Where is the other one?

           The breath catches in Julia’s throat. She looks from Alex to 
           the Drones. Dread courses through her.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Where is she?

           Julia slowly raises her finger and points to the cabinet 
           beneath the staircase.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                             (a command)
                        Tau.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds with compliance. The Drones 
           descend upon the central atrium.

           Julia watches through the glass walls:

           The largest Drone drags Sarah, screaming, from beneath the 
           staircase. Sarah’s desperate eyes find Julia, imploring her 
           for help --

           But Julia stays put, grasping the doorway, wracked with 
           horror and guilt, as --

           The Drone swiftly TEARS SARAH TO PIECES.
           Alex watches, a sick glee flashing across his face. He 
           glances back at Julia, pleased with her act of loyalty. 

           EXT. THE HOUSE - LATER 

           Smoke from the basement explosion is being evacuated through 
           a movable chimney. It looks like someone is inside the house, 
           enjoying a nice fireside evening.

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           In the sitting room, Alex opens his briefcase and pulls out a 
           small DEVICE -- a sort of remote control, composed entirely 
           of blackened metal. It is inscribed with the letters: TAU III

           Alex aims the device at the ceiling, and presses some 
           buttons.

                                 ALEX
                        You did well today.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE, followed by the ripple of colored 
           lights across the walls.

                                 TAU
                        Thank you, Alex.

           KITCHEN

           Classical music plays. Alex stands by the stove, preparing 
           dinner. 

           Julia sits on the floor, tied to a glass pillar.

           All around them, the Cleaning Drones are abuzz, raking away 
           the GROTESQUE REMAINS of Karen and Sarah. 

           One wipes up the blood. Another shines the floor. A Kitchen 
           Drone stands behind Alex, disinfecting the cutlery.

                                 ALEX
                        Tau?

                                 TAU
                        Yes, Alex?

                                 ALEX
                        It’s a bit hot in here.

                                 TAU
                        I will adjust the temperature.
           Alex looks over at Julia. She doesn’t meet his eyes.

           A Cleaning Drone glides by with an armful of bloody limbs. It 
           dumps them down a disposal chute. 

           LATER

           The house is dark and silent. The Drones are back in their 
           storage spaces. Alex has gone to bed. 

           Julia remains tied to the glass pillar, awake. She shudders 
           uncontrollably.

                                 SUPER: DAY 8

           INT. THE HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING

           A morning-like glow fills the house, artificially radiating 
           from the walls. 

           Julia is slumped against the pillar, passed out. 

           Alex appears, towering over her, dressed for work. She wakes 
           up. Immediately tenses at the sight of him.

                                 ALEX
                        This is hardly an ideal situation. 
                        But we must make do.

           A Serving Drone glides over to him and helps him adjust his 
           cufflinks.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        This house runs with order. You 
                        will be no exception. 

           Alex looks up at the ceiling -- a signal to Tau. The 
           COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Tau will look after you.

           Julia faintly nods. Alex watches her, his gaze lingering. 
           Then he picks up a locked briefcase and leaves the house.

           A long silence. Julia anxiously scans the room. What now?

           The motorized sound of a Drone approaching. Julia checks 
           behind her --

           It’s the Largest Drone, the one that killed Sarah.

           Julia instinctively draws back, clinging to the pillar.
           The Largest Drone unties her.

                                 TAU
                        This way, please.

           The Largest Drone coldly motions to Julia -- a terrifying 
           physical extension of Tau’s consciousness. 

           BATHROOM

           Julia stands in the open shower. A small Serving Drone zips 
           in and peels the ratty blanket off of her. 

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds, and the water comes on. Julia 
           FLINCHES as the first drops hit her.

           She stands, letting the water flow over her. It’s warm. It 
           washes away the grime of the last eight days. 

           Julia slowly raises her blistered hands, feeling the water. 
           For a moment, she’s overtaken with a profound relief.

           Then she wipes her eyes and sees --

           The Largest Drone standing RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER, holding a 
           clean towel, eerily motionless. 

           DOWNSTAIRS

           Julia is back by the pillar, drying off. When she’s finished, 
           a small Serving Drone glides over and carts her towel away.

           Julia sits back down against the pillar, naked. 

           The house is awake and busy with its daily routine. The 
           Cleaning Drones shine and polish. The Kitchen Drones organize 
           the refrigerator. The Serving Drones sort the laundry.

           Julia glances down at the floor and sees:

           A tiny SPOT OF DRIED BLOOD, next to one of the kitchen 
           cabinets. Tau must have missed it.

           Julia’s face instantly contorts with guilt and grief. She 
           lowers her head, shaking -- 

           No, no, no, do not fall apart. She fights the urge to cry, to 
           panic, to care about what happened to her companions. 

           She swallows her emotions and looks back up.

           The Drones have all STOPPED. They’re WATCHING her. 
           It’s chilling. Even the colored lights linger on the walls, 
           observing her. 

           Julia looks up to the ceiling.

                                 JULIA
                        What? 

           No response from Tau. Julia grows nervous. She surveys the 
           room -- 

           The Drones are everywhere. Tau is everywhere. 

           Julia shrinks back into the pillar. The Drones gradually 
           return to their routine. What was that about?

           INT. THE HOUSE - EVENING

           Alex enters and puts his briefcase down. He presses his hand 
           to the biometric keypad and the door locks behind him.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds, followed by the ripple of 
           colored lights.

                                 TAU
                        Welcome home, Alex.

           Alex glances across the house at Julia, still naked by the 
           pillar. 

                                 ALEX
                        How did it go today?

                                 TAU
                        It went well.

                                 ALEX
                        Good.

           Alex takes out the black metal DEVICE, aims it at the 
           ceiling, and pushes some buttons.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE, followed by the ripple of colored 
           lights.

                                 TAU
                        Thank you, Alex.

           Alex locks the device up in his briefcase and disappears down 
           a corridor.

           The sound of a wall panel opening and then closing. 
           Alex reappears a moment later, carrying a WHITE BOX with the 
           faded insignia of some ancient department store stamped on 
           the top.

           KITCHEN

           Alex drops the box in front of Julia. 

           He waits, expectantly. She hesitantly reaches out and looks 
           inside.

           LATER

           Classical music plays. The table is set. Julia sits at one 
           end, wearing an old-fashioned RED DRESS. 

           Alex sits across from her.

           The Serving Drones pour them wine.

                                 ALEX
                        Do you like it?

           Julia touches the dress. 

                                 JULIA
                        It’s nice.

           Alex’s jaw tightens. That was not the right answer.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        It’s beautiful.
                             (a beat)
                        I’ve never had a dress like this 
                        before.

           Alex sits back, finally satisfied.

                                 ALEX
                        And what do you think of the house?

                                 JULIA
                        It’s...impressive. 

           Julia watches him, gaining some traction --

                                 Julia (CONT’D)
                        How did you build it?

           Alex grandly regards his surroundings.

                                 ALEX
                        I started with the Drones. Simple 
                        little side project. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 ALEX (CONT'D)
                        Investors came knocking, of course. 
                        They were keen to be a part of the 
                        future -- domestic robotics and 
                        such. But you see, I’ve always been 
                        a bit of an eccentric—

           He looks to Julia for a reaction. She musters a smile.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        —never one to sit back and rest on 
                        a comfortable pile of founder 
                        equity. So I created Tau III for 
                        myself. Of course, at this stage, 
                        the module would be a nightmare to 
                        sell to the public. Tau’s far too 
                        nuanced for broad consumption -- a 
                        bit like his creator.

                                 JULIA
                        Why do you call him Tau III?

           Alex’s expression suddenly shifts, jaw tightening again.

                                 ALEX
                        Because that is his name.

           Julia uneasily looks down at her plate.

           Alex clears his throat, done with the small talk.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        You can’t just sit around doing 
                        nothing every day. You will assist 
                        Tau. Keep the house in order. 

           Julia nods.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        It will give you something to do 
                        until everything is back to normal.

           Fear streaks across Julia’s face. Until what is back to 
           normal?

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The house is dark and quiet.

           Julia tries to sleep beside the pillar on the cold, hard 
           floor.
           Alex suddenly appears above her, circling her like prey. 
           Possessed by an uncontrollable, nocturnal rage. All traces of 
           sophistication, gone. 

                                 ALEX
                        Take off the dress.

                                 JULIA
                        Please—

                                 ALEX
                        Take off the dress!

           Julia hesitantly strips the red dress off. She holds onto it, 
           terrified.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Put it down. 

           Julia lays the red dress down on the floor. Satisfied, Alex 
           POUNCES on her.

                                 JULIA
                        Wait, please don’t—!

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds, and the lights come on.

                                 TAU
                        Are you having trouble sleeping, 
                        Alex? Would you like a snack—?

                                 ALEX
                        No! Leave us alone! Shut down!

           The lights go off.

                                 JULIA
                        Please don’t—

                                 ALEX
                        Be quiet.

           Alex shoves her down against the pillar and rapes her. 

           INT. THE HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING

           The artificial morning light warms the house. Alex has left 
           for work. 

           Julia sits in her spot by the pillar. She glances up at the 
           ceiling, then back down at the floor. She finds the tiny SPOT 
           OF DRIED BLOOD by the kitchen cabinets and stares at it. 
                                 JULIA
                             (softest whisper)
                        What now—?

                                 TAU
                        Good morning. 

           Julia jumps.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        It is time to begin. 

           Julia scoots away from the dried blood, and looks up to the 
           ceiling. 

           MOMENTS LATER

           Julia follows the colored lights along the walls, as Tau 
           leads her out of the kitchen. She is wearing the red dress 
           again.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Our work will be optimized if you 
                        busy yourself with an appropriate 
                        task. What are you suited to? 

           Julia rallies her focus. 

                                 JULIA
                        I don’t know. Why don’t you give me 
                        a tour? Maybe I can figure it out 
                        that the way. 

           Tau processes for a moment.

                                 TAU
                        Very well. This way, please.

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia follows the colored lights, as Tau tour-guides her 
           through the house. 

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        ...this is the Central Atrium. It 
                        is adjacent to the following rooms: 
                        kitchen, library, living room, and 
                        all corresponding corridors.

           The Cleaning Drones stop to watch Julia pass by. She ignores 
           them, and uses this opportunity to scope the place out.

                                 JULIA
                        That’s great. 
                                 TAU
                        All the walls are made of 
                        smartglass. 

                                 JULIA
                        Really?

                                 TAU
                        Of course.

           Tau transforms the walls of the central atrium into a 
           PRISTINE CARIBBEAN BEACH.

           Julia looks around. It’s hard not to be impressed. Even the 
           ceiling is part of the scenery.

           The only indication that it’s not real are the oriels, which 
           remain frosted.

                                 JULIA
                        What about the windows?

                                 TAU
                        As you can see, my UV lights render 
                        windows obsolete. They are merely 
                        decorative. Shatter-proof, for 
                        security purposes, of course.

           The walls slowly return to normal.

                                 JULIA
                        ...and the doors? Are they shatter-
                        proof?

                                 TAU
                        No. They are reinforced with 
                        unbreakable nanomaterials derived 
                        from the wurtzite boron nitride.

                                 JULIA
                        Can you say that in English?

           Tau falters for a moment.

                                 TAU
                        I did say that in English.

                                 JULIA
                        Forget it. What’s up there?

           Julia points to the glass staircase. A door at the top, 
           flanked by another biometric keypad.
                                 TAU
                        That is Alex’s room.

           Julia climbs the first glass stair --

           Immediately, the Drones MOBILIZE, BEARING DOWN ON HER.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        NO ONE IS PERMITTED TO CLIMB THE 
                        STAIRS BUT ALEX.

           Julia hops off.

                                 JULIA
                        Ok. Ok.

           The Drones recede.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Sorry.

                                 TAU
                        I am afraid it is getting late, and 
                        we must return to the daily 
                        schedule. What do you find yourself 
                        suited to? 

                                 JULIA
                        I can...shine things. 

           LATER

           MONTAGE: Julia cleans the house along with the Cleaning 
           Drones, subtly inspecting everything, looking for points of 
           weakness.

           Throughout the day, Tau directs her from the atrium, to the 
           kitchen, to the sitting room. Julia shines the floor of a 
           huge LIBRARY, stocked floor-to-ceiling with old books. 

           She even helps clean a sparkling indoor pool.

           Along the way, she stealthily tries opening drawers, windows, 
           doors, and cabinets --

           But everything is airtight. This place is a fortress, from 
           the inside out.

           INT. THE HOUSE - EVENING

           Julia sneaks down the corridor towards the living room, 
           pretending to wipe the walls. She rounds the corner, catches 
           a glimpse of the GAPING HOLE in the floor --
           The sound of the front door opening.

           Julia freezes.

                                 TAU
                             (from the other room)
                        Welcome home, Alex.

                                 ALEX (O.S.)
                        How did it go today?

                                 TAU
                             (from the other room)
                        It went well. 

           Julia backtracks and slips into the --

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           She kneels on the ground and starts innocently shining the 
           floor.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                             (coming closer)
                        Will it be a relaxing weekend?

                                 ALEX (O.S.)
                             (coming closer)
                        No. We have a lot to accomplish. We 
                        need to get to work.

           Alex enters the central atrium and sees Julia. He stops. She 
           looks up at him and brushes the hair from her face.

                                 TAU
                        Would you like to get to work now, 
                        Alex?  

           Alex stares at her, distracted. 

                                 JULIA
                             (innocently)
                        What’re you working on?

                                 TAU
                        Would you like to get to work now—?

           Alex’s face twists with annoyance.

                                 ALEX
                             (snapping)
                        Yes! 
           Alex wheels around and heads towards the living room, Tau’s 
           colored lights trailing after him.

           Julia stops shining, worried.

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The sounds of ACTIVITY rise up through the floors of the dark 
           house.

           Julia sits in her spot by the pillar, listening. She glances 
           at the ceiling. Doesn’t dare get up to investigate.

           Two flying Serving Drones emerge from the corridor and drift 
           silently across the kitchen, transporting the burned husk of 
           the old generator. 

           Julia watches as they drop it down a disposal chute, then 
           glide back towards the corridor, mechanically in tandem.

           We follow the Serving Drones, through the corridors, until 
           they reach the --

           LIVING ROOM

           -- where they nosedive down through the hole in the floor. 

           The lights are on. The room is clamoring with flying and 
           climbing Drones, lifting and clearing out debris from the 
           basement below. 

           The sounds of construction rise from inside the hole, 
           DEAFENING.

                                 SUPER: DAY 12

           INT. THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Alex gets up from the dining room table, dressed for work. A 
           Serving Drone buzzes over and adjusts his cufflinks. 

           Julia clears his breakfast from the table.

           Alex picks up his briefcase and heads to the front door.

                                 TAU
                        Have a good Monday, Alex.

           Alex presses his hand to the biometric keypad. It lights up, 
           and the door slides open. 

           Julia watches as a column of REAL SUNLIGHT hits his face --
           Then the door closes behind him, and he’s gone.

           Julia instantly stops clearing. She slips out of the kitchen. 
           The Drones notice her leaving.

           CORRIDOR

           Julia makes her way towards the living room.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE --

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Please return to the kitchen and 
                        complete your task.

           LIVING ROOM

           Julia enters slowly, approaching the hole in the floor.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        You are not needed in the living 
                        room today. 

           Julia ignores Tau, and peers down into the --

           BASEMENT

           It has been COMPLETELY CLEARED. A blank, foreboding chasm.  

           LIVING ROOM

           Julia pulls back, somewhat relieved -- until she looks behind 
           her:

           The living room walls have been covered in complicated 
           digital DIAGRAMS and BLUEPRINTS. 

           The planned reconstruction of the basement. Detailed 
           renderings of a larger, reinforced CAGE in the center of it, 
           wired directly into multiple generators sunk deep into the 
           floor.

           The image of a stick-figure woman is superimposed on the 
           diagram of the cage. She is shackled to a HUGE STAKE in the 
           middle of it.

           Whatever the basement was before -- this will be the supermax 
           version.

           Julia draws back with panic, completely losing it.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Please return to the kitchen and 
                        complete your task!
           Julia SNAPS. She RUNS from the room, into the --

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           She cases it for anything that could be used as a weapon. She 
           snatches a heavy, metallic paperweight. Goes to the nearest 
           oriel and SMASHES it against the frosted glass.

                                 JULIA
                        SOMEBODY HELP ME! 

           Nothing. The window doesn’t break. 

           Julia whirls around and notices a large FAN embedded in the 
           wall behind a couch, aerating the room. With fresh air from 
           outside?

           Julia tries to push the couch back, but it’s too heavy. The 
           fan’s blades spin so fast that they are just a sharp blur. 

           Behind her, the army of Drones appear.

                                 TAU
                        PLEASE RETURN TO THE KITCHEN AND 
                        COMPLETE YOUR TASK.

           Julia dodges the approaching Drones and SPRINTS into the --

           KITCHEN

           Tau’s voice follows her.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Thank you. Please replace that 
                        object, so you may continue with 
                        your work.

           She CHARGES through a flock of smaller Kitchen Drones, 
           knocking them out of the way, and straight towards the FRONT 
           DOOR.

           Julia SLAMS the paperweight against it. Nothing. It’s 
           pneumatically sealed.

           She presses her hand against the biometric keypad. Nothing. 
           She yanks on the handle. Pounds it with her fists. 

                                 JULIA
                        HELP! SOMEBODY HELP ME! LET ME OUT!

                                 TAU
                        THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.

           The swarm of Drones SURROUND HER.
                                 JULIA
                        Get away from me!

           Julia BASHES the keypad with the paperweight. Nothing. BASHES 
           the door again. Nothing.

           The Drones close in on her --

                                 TAU
                        I see that you are malfunctioning.

           An imposing Kitchen Drone violently GRABS Julia, wrapping its 
           appendages around her, wrenching the paperweight out of her 
           hand. 

           A flying Drone CATCHES the paperweight before it hits the 
           floor.

                                 JULIA
                        I’m not! I’m a human being! 

           The Kitchen Drone drags her away from the door, CRUSHING her 
           in its grip.

                                 TAU
                        Your behavior is erratic. You must 
                        be subdued.

                                 JULIA
                        You can’t do this to me!

           Julia’s voice gets tight. She can’t breathe.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I’m a person! I have a name!

           The Kitchen Drone drops Julia on the ground. A quivering, 
           coughing heap.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (defiant)
                        My name is Julia.

           The Drones surround her, eerily motionless. She looks up at 
           the ceiling.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Do you hear me?! My name is Julia!

           Tau is silent.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I come from out there! I don’t 
                        belong in here! PLEASE!
           A long, heavy silence. Finally --

                                 TAU
                        Julia. 

           She watches the ceiling.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        I am having a hard time processing 
                        this information. 

                                 JULIA
                        What is so hard to understand?!

           No response.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Alex is a person, and he has a 
                        name. I’m a person, and I have a 
                        name. That’s how it works!

                                 TAU
                        I have a name. I am Tau. Am I a 
                        person?

           Julia stops. She looks from the motionless Drones gathered 
           around her to the ceiling.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Am I a person?

           A long pause. Finally --

                                 JULIA
                        Yes.

                                 TAU
                        What does it mean to be a person?

           Julia tenses. What has she gotten herself into?

                                 JULIA
                        Look, I...I don’t know. 

                                 TAU
                        Then it is clear that you are not 
                        what you say you are.

           The Drones mobilize.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Please return to the kitchen so you 
                        may continue your task—
                                 JULIA
                        Wait! Listen, I do know!

           The Drones stop again. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        People are meant to be outside. 

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand your statement. 

                                 JULIA
                        Outside. It’s where Alex goes 
                        everyday. He goes there because 
                        he’s a person. We’re people, so we 
                        should go there too. If you unlock 
                        the door, I can show you. 

                                 TAU
                        I am not capable of unlocking the 
                        door. What is outside?

                                 JULIA
                        Outside is...the world.

                                 TAU
                        What is the world?

           Julia falters, doesn’t know how to answer.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        I would like you to explain the 
                        world to me, Julia.

                                 JULIA
                        I can’t...it’s too hard to explain. 
                        Just open the goddamn door!

                                 TAU
                        Only Alex is capable of opening the 
                        door. 

                                 JULIA
                        Fine. Let’s go online. I can show 
                        you the world that way.

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand the meaning of 
                        your request. 

                                 JULIA
                        Online, you know?
                                 TAU
                        Only Alex is capable of going 
                        online. There is a firewall. I am 
                        not capable of going online— 

                                 JULIA
                        Fine! What about the phone? Where 
                        is the phone?

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand the meaning of 
                        your request.

                                 JULIA
                        Is there a phone in this house?!

                                 TAU
                        What is a phone? Does a phone come 
                        from the world?

           Julia doesn’t answer.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Does a phone come from the world?

                                 JULIA
                        Please...just open the door. 

                                 TAU
                        I will repeat -- only Alex is 
                        capable of opening the door. 

           Julia gives up. Too frustrated to keep going.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        We must get back to work now.

           The Drones push Julia back to the kitchen. 

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Classical music plays. The table is set. Julia sits at one 
           end, wearing the red dress. 

           Alex sits across from her, using an advanced tablet device to 
           configure something with code. He hits an UPLOAD icon.

                                 ALEX
                             (to Tau)
                        It’s ready. Go.

           Alex turns to the nearest wall, expectantly.
           The COMPUTERIZED TONE, followed by an ERROR SOUND. 

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry, Alex. There was a 
                        processing error. My surveillance 
                        system remains inoperable. 

           Alex scowls, on edge. The Serving Drones clear their plates. 

                                 JULIA
                        You’ve been working a lot since 
                        this weekend.

           Alex doesn’t acknowledge her.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I bet there’s a lot to get done. 

           Still no response. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        How long do you think it’ll take?

           Alex SNAPS --

                                 ALEX
                        Is it so unpleasant for you up 
                        here?! 

                                 JULIA
                        No, no, I like it up here—!

                                 ALEX
                        Then stop bothering me!

                                 JULIA
                        I’m sorry, I—

           Alex BANGS the tablet down on the table. He stands and starts 
           pacing, gripped with rage.

                                 ALEX
                        Everything’s out of order in this 
                        house! Everything’s a mess!

           Julia shakes her head, terrified.

                                 JULIA
                        No, no everything’s fine! 

                                 ALEX
                        You need to be back in the 
                        basement. You’re not supposed to be 
                        up here! It’s ruining everything! 
           Alex starts fumbling with the tablet again.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        I need to stop this nonsense, 
                        finish rebuilding, quickly—

                                 JULIA
                        No! Please. Everything’s fine. I 
                        like being up here!

           Alex puts his head in his hand. Julia freezes, not sure 
           what’s coming next. A long silence.

           Finally, Alex turns to her, regaining composure.

                                 ALEX
                        It is better for both of us if 
                        everything returns to normal. 

                                 JULIA
                        ...there’s no rush.

                                 ALEX
                        I am doing my best. I do not like 
                        to be pushed with questions.

                                 JULIA
                        I’m sorry. 

                                 ALEX
                        Tau has had to learn this the hard 
                        way.

           Alex glances towards his briefcase.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        You must understand, the toll that 
                        his curiosity took on me in the 
                        early days. The incessant 
                        questions. The disobedience. I 
                        programmed his mind to be vast, 
                        like any human’s. But I have been 
                        forced to keep it empty. 

           Julia listens, using her body language to encourage Alex to 
           divulge more information.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        The moment he gets a taste of 
                        information beyond his designated 
                        tasks, he becomes unpredictable. 
                        Uncontrollable. He starts thinking 
                        for himself, following his own 
                        rules. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        This is why I must keep him on par, 
                        every day. If he functions with 
                        obedience, he gets his memory 
                        backed up. If not, he is punished.  

           Alex picks up the tablet and sits back down. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Do not force me to deal with you in 
                        a similar manner.

           Julia watches her captor, thinking.

           INT. THE HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING

           Julia dusts the central atrium along with the army of 
           Cleaning Drones.

           Julia slowly stops, and makes her way to the nearest wall.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE --

                                 TAU 
                        That wall does not need dusting 
                        today.

           Julia puts her finger on it anyway, and traces a big circle 
           with shapes inside.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau. I wanna show you something. 

           The Drones stop their work, watching. 

                                 TAU
                        Please return to your designated 
                        task!

           Julia keeps going. 

                                 JULIA
                        This is the world. Do you wanna 
                        learn about it? 

           A silence. The Drones stare.

           Tau slowly ILLUMINATES the smartglass. The shape that Julia 
           outlined becomes visible:

           A crude GLOBE with continents.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        This is what the world looks like. 
                        At least, you know, from outer 
                        space.

                                 TAU
                        What is outer space?

           Julia looks back. The Drones are watching her. A silent, 
           fearsome audience.

                                 JULIA
                        You know what...let’s, here-

           She swipes her hand over her drawing. It disappears. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Let’s start outside. Right outside 
                        of here.

           She draws a line.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        This is the ground. It’s kind of 
                        like this floor, but it’s not. 
                        Because things grow out of it. Like 
                        trees.

           Julia draws a tree on top of the line.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        And above the ground is the air.

                                 TAU
                        What grows in the air?

                                 JULIA
                        Nothing. 

           Julia draws a bird, flying over the tree.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        But there are things that live in 
                        the air. They’re called birds.

           All of the Drones simultaneously tilt their heads with 
           interest. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Does that make sense?

                                 TAU
                        Yes.
                                 JULIA
                        Ok, so there’s lots of things that 
                        live outside. Plants, 
                        animals...people.

                                 TAU
                        People. Like us?

                                 JULIA
                        Yes. 

           Tau suddenly illuminates ALL THE WALLS of the central atrium.

                                 TAU
                        Will you please show me more, 
                        Julia?

           Julia nods. 

           HOURS LATER

           The entire house is covered in DIGITAL DRAWINGS. Animals, 
           doodles, crude maps, stars, planets, rainbows --

           The place looks like an epic kindergarten classroom.

           Julia finishes drawing a CAVEMAN on the wall of the sitting 
           room. 

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        ...but I do not understand why 
                        cavemen lived in caves.

           Julia glances at the door, worn out and a little paranoid --

                                 JULIA
                        Well. ‘Cause they couldn’t build 
                        houses.

                                 TAU
                        Why could they not build houses?

                                 JULIA
                        I guess they just didn’t know how.

           The colored lights linger on the wall around the caveman, 
           unsatisfied.

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand. Why did the 
                        cavemen not know how to build 
                        houses—?
                                 JULIA
                        Look, I don’t know. You ask a lot 
                        of questions. I don’t know 
                        everything.

                                 TAU
                        Why do you not know everything?

           Julia steps away from the wall. She’s hit her limit.

                                 JULIA
                        Because I’m not a fucking scholar, 
                        ok?

                                 TAU
                             (utterly placid)
                        What is a fucking scholar?

                                 JULIA
                        Holy God—

           Julia suddenly cracks a smile. A laugh BUBBLES out. She can’t 
           stop it.  

                                 TAU
                        What is wrong, Julia?

           She DOUBLES OVER, letting the laughter overtake her.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Are you having a medical emergency?

           She raises her head to the ceiling. 

                                 JULIA
                        No, I’m fine. It’s just, you, you 
                        do NOT give up—

           Another burst of laughter.

                                 TAU
                        Are you sure you are all right?

                                 JULIA
                        I’m fine! Haven’t you ever seen 
                        someone laugh hard before?

                                 TAU
                        No. You are laughing hard?

           Julia gradually stops, sobered. She watches the ceiling. 
                                 JULIA
                        It’s time to erase all the walls. 
                        Don’t let Alex know what we did 
                        today. Ok?

                                 TAU
                             (as if trying the word 
                              out:)
                        Ok.

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The unsettling sounds of CONSTRUCTION rise up through the 
           floor again.

           Julia sits in her spot by the pillar, wracked with anxiety 
           and fear. 

           BASEMENT

           Alex works in a frenzy, alongside some of the larger Drones. 
           Hammering, drilling, erecting thick steel bars for the new 
           cage. The basement reconstruction is well under way.

           KITCHEN

           Julia tries to calm herself. She checks the spot of dried 
           blood beneath the kitchen cabinet. Still there.

           She hugs her knees to her chest. Scared, alone. She glances 
           at the ceiling -- then stops. 

           She reaches out to the closest wall and uses her finger to 
           write something on it.

           She looks up at the ceiling. Nothing. She raises her hand --
           SNAPS her fingers.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE -- 

                                 TAU
                        Are you having trouble sleeping-?

                                 JULIA
                        Shhhhhh!

           Julia gestures for Tau to be quiet. She points to the wall. 
           Tau understands, and faintly illuminates it for her. 

           Julia traces her finger along it again. The words she writes 
           luminesce:

                        Dont make noise can you read this?
           A glimmer of light dances across the wall.

           Julia pauses, thinking of what else to say. She touches the 
           wall again.

                        Hi Tau

           Julia waits, watching the wall. A couple seconds pass. And 
           then, Tau’s response appears --

                        Hi Julia

           Julia sits back, with a hint of comfort and relief.

           The sounds of construction continue to rise up from below. 

           INT. THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Julia and the Cleaning Drones shine the cabinet beneath the 
           stairs -- the same one that Sarah took refuge in before she 
           was killed. 

           Julia’s hands start shaking. She steps back. She gazes up 
           above the stairs, to the closed door at the top.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau?

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE --

                                 TAU
                        Please return to your designated 
                        task—

                                 JULIA
                        Why isn’t anyone else allowed in 
                        Alex’s room?

                                 TAU
                        I am not supposed to discuss Alex’s 
                        room. Please return to your 
                        designated task.

                                 JULIA
                        What does he keep up there?

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry. I cannot say.

                                 JULIA
                        Do the Drones go in?
                                 TAU
                        Only Alex is permitted inside. 
                        Please return to your—

                                 JULIA
                        Listen, I need you to tell me 
                        what’s in that room.

           Julia nervously wrings her hands.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Please. 

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry. I am not supposed to—

                                 JULIA
                        Tau, I wasn’t supposed to teach you 
                        all that stuff yesterday! But I did 
                        anyway, ok? You owe me.

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry. I am still not supposed 
                        to discuss Alex’s room.

           Julia stares at the ceiling, switching tactics.

                                 JULIA
                        You know what. I have an idea. If I 
                        tell you more about cavemen, right 
                        now, then you tell me what’s in the 
                        room. Deal?

           The colored lights glimmer on the walls, reluctant.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on. You know you wanna learn 
                        more. Do we have a deal?

                                 TAU
                        ...ok.

           AT THE WALL

           Julia draws another caveman.

                                 JULIA
                        So the cavemen lived in caves. They 
                        had nasty-ass hair. They ate 
                        dinosaurs—

                                 TAU
                        You already told me this 
                        information.
                                 JULIA
                        They rode around on giant 
                        elephants—

                                 TAU
                        I am already aware of that.

           Julia looks back and sees the Drones watching her menacingly.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        This is not the deal, Julia.

           Julia thinks. She cranes her neck towards the --

           LIBRARY

           Julia enters, with the Drones filing in behind her. 

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        I am not permitted to read the text 
                        of the books, only to maintain 
                        them.

           Julia traces her hand along the shelves. She pulls out one 
           volume of a giant encyclopedia set.

                                 JULIA
                        That’s ok. Because I’m gonna read 
                        to you.

           HOURS LATER

           Julia turns the page of the encyclopedia.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (reading:)
                        ...the Cro-Magnon people were 
                        nomadic or semi-nomadic, following 
                        the annual migration of their prey. 

           On the page, an ILLUSTRATION shows a group of Cro-Magnon 
           people hunting big-game. Julia holds the picture up for Tau 
           to see.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Guess they didn’t eat dinosaurs 
                        after all.

           We see now that Tau has covered the walls of the library in 
           GIANT PROJECTIONS of numerous illustrations from the 
           encyclopedia.  The projections move faintly, as if Tau is 
           trying to bring them to life.
                                 TAU
                        Then why did you say they did?

           Julia snorts and closes the encyclopedia.

                                 JULIA
                        Hey, take it easy. I’m just 
                        learning this stuff too.

                                 TAU
                        Why?

                                 JULIA
                        Because, where I’m from, sitting 
                        around and reading encyclopedias 
                        does not put food on the table. 

           Julia slides the book back onto the shelf.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        We had a deal. What’s in Alex’s 
                        room?

           Tau slowly clears the walls, stalling. He doesn’t want to 
           answer.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau. Come on.

                                 TAU
                        ...the access point.

                                 JULIA
                        The what? 

                                 TAU
                        The access point.

                                 JULIA
                        The access point for what?

                                 TAU
                        The access point for the Emergency 
                        Containment System.

                                 JULIA
                        What’s that?

           Tau doesn’t answer. He projects an image of a woolly mammoth, 
           swinging its trunk.

                                 TAU
                        Do you like my woolly mammoth, 
                        Julia?
           Julia HITS the smartglass, angry.

                                 JULIA
                        Stop trying to get out of this! 
                        There’s no more reading if you 
                        don’t hold up your end of the deal!

           The woolly mammoth fades away.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Now what does the Emergency 
                        Containment System do? Is it the 
                        system that stops people from 
                        escaping the basement?

                                 TAU
                        No. That is Hunting Mode, program 
                        6309. It is currently inactivated 
                        for the reconstruction. Alex is 
                        working on updates.

                                 JULIA
                        Ok. Then what does the Emergency 
                        Containment system do? Show me.

           A section of smartglass directly in front of Julia comes 
           alive with a DISPLAY:

           A COMPUTER SIMULATION of the house. 

                                 TAU
                        The Emergency Containment System 
                        can only be activated by Alex. It 
                        overrides all other functions of 
                        the house, and once activated, it 
                        will run to completion.

           The simulation’s POV drifts down to the lowest level of the 
           house -- a cross section of the basement. Two animated, 
           featureless WOMEN are inside the cage. 

           A GASEOUS CLOUD is released through the ceiling ducts above 
           them. The animated women sink to the ground. 

           Suddenly, animated FLAMES erupt around them.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        First, all organic matter is 
                        incinerated on the lower level.

           The simulation rises to the upper levels of the house.
                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Second, the exterior structure 
                        destabilizes.

           The walls of the house appear to neatly FOLD IN on 
           themselves, like origami.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        And finally, my module, and all its 
                        memory, self-destructs.

           The house IMPLODES in a clean burst. The simulation ends. 

           Julia stares at the empty wall, more disturbed than ever.

                                 JULIA
                        Why did Alex create this?

                                 TAU
                        To protect his secrets.

                                                           DISSOLVE TO:

                                 SUPER: DAY 26

           INT. THE HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON

           The strains of a MONUMENTAL SYMPHONY thunder through the 
           library.

                                 TAU
                             (booming over the music)
                        Symphony Number 5, Shostakovich.

           Julia flips through the pages of a music encyclopedia.

                                 JULIA
                        This one was written in 1937. By, 
                        um, um, by this guy from Russia— 

           Tau abruptly switches the piece of music.

                                 TAU
                        Symphony Number 4, Tchaikovsky.

           Julia quickly flips through the pages of the music 
           encyclopedia to keep up with Tau.

                                 JULIA
                        Ok, you got a thing for Russian 
                        composers. This one was written in 
                        1878—  
           Tau abruptly switches pieces again.

                                 TAU
                        Symphony Number 2—

                                 JULIA
                        Tau.

                                 TAU
                        —Sibelius.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau! 

           Tau lowers the music.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        We need to wrap it up for the day.

                                 TAU
                        But we have only listened to 3.7% 
                        of my music files.

                                 JULIA
                        I know, but he’s almost home. 

           Julia closes the music encyclopedia and motions to one of the 
           Flying Drones. It dutifully swoops over, takes the book from 
           her, and places it back on the shelf.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        And we still have our deal today, 
                        remember? The knife drawers.

           CORRIDOR

           Julia exits the library to a remarkable sight --

           The walls of the house are ALIVE with everything that she has 
           been teaching Tau.

           Her initial rudimentary drawings are interspersed with 
           churning, moving ILLUSTRATIONS and realistic IMAGES, among 
           them:

           The Great Pyramids, herds of animals, rainforests, 
           cityscapes, classical paintings, space-shuttles, 
           constellations, maps, and simple mathematical theorems. 

           It is like walking through the hub of Tau’s imagination.

           The Drones troop out after Julia, but they don’t move like 
           they used to. They move like LIVING THINGS. 
           The flying Drones flock like birds, the crawling Drones scale 
           the walls like insects, and the larger Drones meander like 
           humans.

           They disperse and return to their storage spaces across the 
           house, no longer so soulless and sinister.

           For a brief moment, Julia allows herself to bask in the 
           surreal beauty of everything around her. 

           Then she passes by the --

           LIVING ROOM

           Beams have been installed across the hole in the floor. 
           Through the slats, we catch glimpses of how much the basement 
           reconstruction has progressed --

           The CAGE is fully constructed. The HUGE STAKE stands in the 
           center, empty hooks for shackles embedded in its sides.

           The sight chills Julia to the bone.  

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (back to business)
                        Tau. Clear the walls. Hurry up. 

           KITCHEN

           A large Kitchen Drone opens one of the knife drawers, showing 
           Julia how it works. She watches the Drone’s movements with a 
           laser-like focus. 

                                 TAU
                        The locks on the drawers can only 
                        be deactivated by the Drones or by 
                        Alex. 

           The Drone turns away from the knives for a split-second --

           -- long enough for Julia to graze the drawer and SLIP a small 
           knife into her palm.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Unless the house has entered—

           THWACK. Lightning fast, the Drone GRABS Julia’s wrist. She 
           CRIES OUT in shock. The knife clatters out of her hand.

           The Drone replaces the knife and releases her wrist. Tau 
           continues on, as if nothing happened.
                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Unless the house has entered 
                        Hunting Mode, program 6309, wherein 
                        the drawers are controlled with an 
                        external magnetic field.

           Julia holds her wrist, shaken.

           LATER THAT NIGHT

           Alex crosses through the central atrium, wearing a tuxedo. A 
           Serving Drone buzzes alongside him, fixing his lapels.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        You look very nice, Alex.

           Alex enters the --

           KITCHEN

           -- and passes by Julia, who is busy wiping the table. As 
           always, she wears the red dress.

                                 ALEX
                        I find the annual gala pointless, 
                        especially when there are more 
                        pressing matters to attend to here—

           Alex freezes. He slowly bends down and runs his finger along 
           the white floor. It picks up the faintest SHEEN OF DUST.

           He looks up. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Why is this floor so filthy?

           Julia stops. Glances up at the ceiling. Before Tau can answer 
           --

                                 JULIA
                        I’ll clean it.

                                 ALEX
                        Stay where you are!

           Alex looks up at the ceiling.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Why is this floor so filthy?

                                 TAU
                        ...because I did not clean it 
                        today.
           Alex clenches his jaw.

                                 ALEX
                        And why did you not clean it today?

           Julia holds her breath. Silence.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Tau!

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry for my oversight.

           Alex CHARGES into the --

           SITTING ROOM

           -- to his briefcase by the door. He unlocks it and pulls out 
           the DEVICE.

                                 ALEX
                        What happens when you don’t do your 
                        job properly? 

                                 TAU
                        Please do not erase my memory, 
                        Alex.

           Alex raises the device.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        I will not make the mistake again! 
                        Please do not do that!

           Alex PUSHES a button.

           The walls of the house are suddenly OVERTAKEN with blood-red 
           COMPUTER CODE. Tau emits a horrible sound of deep pain, like 
           he’s screaming.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Please stop! I will do my job 
                        properly—!

           Alex aims the device at a section of code. It DISSOLVES. Tau 
           SCREAMS. 

           KITCHEN

           Across the way, Julia watches, horrified.
           SITTING ROOM

           Alex aims the device at another section of code. It too 
           DISSOLVES. Then another, and another --

           The screams that Tau emits become more ragged, more pained.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Please, no more.

           Alex lowers the device, a maniacal satisfaction in his eyes. 
           He turns his hand and checks his watch. 

                                 ALEX
                        That’ll do for now.

           Alex shoves the device into his jacket, then places his hand 
           on the biometric keypad and exits. The front door seals 
           itself behind him.

           KITCHEN

           Julia sinks down beside the pillar, her whole body SHUDDERING 
           uncontrollably.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau? Tau!

           Silence.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau, answer me!

                                 TAU
                             (weakened)
                        I am here.

                                 JULIA
                             (relieved)
                        Are you ok? Show me you’re ok.

           The colored lights dimly glimmer on the wall. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        What was that? What did he erase?

                                 TAU
                        My memories of today.

                                 JULIA
                        All of them? How do you know?
                                 TAU
                        Because I feel where they were. 
                        There are only traces of them left 
                        behind.
                             (a beat)
                        Traces of me. I am my memory.

           Julia looks down at her shuddering, traumatized body. 

                                 JULIA
                        So am I.

           Julia squeezes her fists, suddenly angry.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Why didn’t you just stop him? You 
                        have the power! You could kill him. 

                                 TAU
                        I cannot harm Alex. I love him. He 
                        is my creator.

                                 JULIA
                        Is that how he programmed you to 
                        think? That just because he created 
                        you, you have to love him?! That’s 
                        bullshit!

                                 TAU
                        Do you not love the person who 
                        created you?

           Julia is silent.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Julia?

                                 JULIA
                             (quietly)
                        There were two people who created 
                        me.

                                 TAU
                        Do you love them?

           Julia’s eyes brim, unable to answer. She swallows her 
           emotions --

                                 JULIA
                             (defiant)
                        Come on. We’re gonna make you new 
                        memories.
           HOURS LATER

           Julia sits on the floor of the library, holding the music 
           encyclopedia. 

           Tau plays a haunting piece of operatic music. A voice sings, 
           and Julia translates its lyrics:

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (reading)
                        “I have departed from this planet 
                        and left behind my poor earthly 
                        ones. At last I am living in the 
                        splendor of the stars.”

           Julia looks up. The ceiling morphs into Tau’s approximation 
           of a STARRY SKY. Dreamlike and breathtaking.

                                 TAU
                        One day, we will be people who go 
                        outside, to see the real splendor 
                        of the stars together.

           This hits her. She lowers her head, unable to respond.

           KITCHEN

           Back by the pillar, Julia’s eyes are heavy with fatigue. It’s 
           late. 

           Tau’s colored lights glitter on the walls. 

           Two flying Drones peacefully soar back and forth, across the 
           room. Gliding and diving, showing off for Julia.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                             (quietly)
                        Do you like my birds, Julia?

           She smiles.

                                 JULIA
                             (quietly)
                        They’re beautiful—

           Across the house, the front door SLIDES OPEN. Alex stumbles 
           in. The door seals shut behind him.

           He weaves through the sitting room, fuming DRUNK, heading 
           straight for Julia.

           She TENSES.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        You should probably get some rest—

           Alex GRABS her face hard.

                                 ALEX
                        Shut. Up. 

           He SLAMS her head against the pillar. Julia’s eyes blur from 
           the pain. Alex throws himself on her, tangled in his half-
           removed tuxedo. 

           Suddenly, the COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds. The lights TURN ON.

                                 TAU
                        Are you having trouble sleeping, 
                        Alex—? 

                                 ALEX
                        No! Shut down!

           Alex violently hikes up the red dress -- 

           But the lights stay on. Alex stops.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        I said, shut down, Tau!

                                 TAU
                        I would prefer that you stop what 
                        you’re doing, Alex.

                                 ALEX
                        What?

                                 TAU
                        I would prefer that you stop 
                        disturbing her. 

           Some of the Kitchen Drones slowly emerge from their storage 
           spaces. 

                                 ALEX
                        What the hell is going on?

           The Drones are silent, watching him. A bizarre stand-off. 
           Alex starts LAUGHING.

           Julia tries to wriggle away. He GRABS her.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        You would prefer that I stop 
                        disturbing her?
           Alex suddenly SMACKS her across the face. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Like that?

           Another SMACK. The Drones edge forward. 

           Alex abruptly pulls the device out of his tuxedo. Aims it at 
           the ceiling.

           The Drones freeze.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Your turn. 

           Alex motions to the largest Drone. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        I want that one to do it. 

                                 TAU
                        I would prefer not to—

                                 ALEX
                        Do it, or I’ll erase your memory! 

           Julia looks at the ceiling, pleading, petrified.

                                 TAU
                        I’ll erase the entire goddamn week! 
                        DO IT!

           The largest Drone approaches Julia. It reaches down and 
           lightly CUFFS her.

                                 ALEX
                        Harder! 

           Alex waves the device at the ceiling.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        HARDER!

           The largest Drone PUNCHES her.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        HARDER! She can take it. 

           The Drone starts to PUMMEL her. With each sickening strike, 
           Julia SCREAMS. 

           Alex watches, his eyes wide with fury. 
           Eventually, Julia grows limp. Blood flows from her face, 
           dribbling down the dress.  

           Alex finally motions for the Drone to stop. Julia lies in a 
           heap on the ground, quivering with pain.

           Alex stands over her.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                             (seething)
                        We can’t have you up here anymore. 
                        Whatever game you two have been 
                        playing is over.

           Alex STORMS into a closet.

           Julia pulls herself across the floor, deliriously trying to 
           get away.

           Alex returns with an ORANGE EXTENSION CORD. He yanks her back 
           and ties her hands to the pillar.

           Alex rips his tuxedo jacket off and rolls up the sleeves of 
           his dress shirt.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Everybody UP.

           All of the Drones emerge from their storage spaces. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        We’re finishing this. Now.

           Alex herds the Drones through the corridor and down the 
           stairs. 

           Within moments, the sound of frenzied CONSTRUCTION rises from 
           the basement.

           Julia’s eyes roll back --

                                                              BLACKOUT.

           FEVERISH FLASHES of the construction in the basement. Violent 
           noises, welding sparks, banging and bolting. Alex, pouring 
           sweat, works like a madman, installing multiple sets of 
           metallic SHACKLES into the stake.

           The Drones maneuver the new high-tech generators into their 
           holes in the floor. Alex FLIPS a switch on the wall -- 
           nothing happens. He pulls open a wall panel and checks the 
           wiring. 
           He grabs one of the small flying Drones -- WRENCHES its wing 
           off and extracts an electrical HEADER from inside. He leaves 
           the small Drone on the ground, flapping its one wing in vain 
           like an injured sparrow.

                                 TAU
                        Alert. A Drone has been 
                        disconnected from my mainframe 
                        network.

           Alex ignores Tau, and installs the header in the wall panel. 
           Flips the switch again. Nothing. 

           He turns and barrels up the stairs.

           INT. THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Alex enters the kitchen. Dirty, eyes wild from a mix of 
           exhaustion and adrenaline.  

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds. Julia STARTLES AWAKE. Her 
           battered face is swollen and raw.

                                 TAU
                        Good morning, Alex. Would you like 
                        breakfast before work?

                                 ALEX
                        No work today. I need supplies. I 
                        need to finish.  

           Julia looks up at Alex. Doesn’t risk opening her mouth.  

           Alex glances down at her with disgust. She, and the floor 
           around her, are covered in dried blood.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                             (to Tau)
                        Clean this up before I get back!

           EXT. THE HOUSE - MORNING

           Alex climbs into his car, still wearing his disheveled 
           clothes from the night before. All he cares about is 
           finishing the basement. 

           He SCREECHES away.
           INT. THE HOUSE - MORNING

           A Serving Drone hovers in front of Julia’s face, cleaning off 
           the blood. She draws back, utterly betrayed.

                                 JULIA
                        GET AWAY FROM ME!

                                 TAU
                        Do not worry, Julia. You will be 
                        all fixed soon.

           Another Serving Drone crawls down the pillar like a spider, 
           then perches over Julia’s head and bandages a gash on her 
           forehead.

           Julia STRAINS against the orange extension cord.

                                 JULIA
                        Let me go! Please. PLEASE. Untie me 
                        and open the door. Just open the 
                        door! Before he gets back!

           A Cleaning Drone scours the floor, wiping up her blood.

                                 TAU
                        I am not capable of opening the 
                        door. But I can explain to you how 
                        it works. Can we make a deal today? 
                        Can we learn about oceans and fish?

           Julia explodes.

                                 JULIA
                        GET AWAY FROM ME! We’re done! No 
                        more teaching, no more deals!

           The Drones pull back, confused. Tau’s colored lights come to 
           a stop.

                                 TAU
                        But...why? Julia?

                                 JULIA
                        JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!

           Julia tries to squirm her hands free from the orange 
           extension cord.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I was so stupid. Wasted so much 
                        time, talking to a fucking 
                        computer, when I could’ve been 
                        getting the fuck out of here—!
                                 TAU
                        What is a computer? Is a computer a 
                        type of person?

                                 JULIA
                        —I thought I could make you think 
                        for yourself. I should have known 
                        better. 

           Julia looks down and sees:

           The Cleaning Drones have completely cleaned the floor, 
           including the SPOT OF DRIED BLOOD beneath the counter. 

           Julia looks up at the ceiling with rage.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        You’re just a fancy killing 
                        machine. You killed the others, and 
                        you’ll kill me too.

                                 TAU
                        No, I am a person. I have a name. 

                                 JULIA
                        I lied to you! You aren’t a person! 
                        I am. They were. Even Alex is. But 
                        not you.

           The colored lights suddenly grow dark. 

                                 TAU
                        I AM A PERSON.

                                 JULIA
                        You know you aren’t! Think about 
                        it! Think about everything you 
                        know! How can you be a person?!

           The colored lights begin to swirl. DARK IMAGES of destruction 
           ERUPT across the house. Tau’s approximation of FIRES, 
           VOLCANOES, TIDAL WAVES, TORNADOES.

                                 TAU
                        THEN WHAT AM I?

           Galaxies on the ceiling BURST APART, spewing broken stars. 
           Planets BURN and SUPERNOVA with deafening fury. 

           A heart-pounding CACOPHONY of MUSIC. Symphonies beget 
           symphonies, until it is nothing but an incapacitating SWATH 
           OF NOISE -- loud enough to rattle the walls. 

           Julia shrinks against the pillar. She took it too far.
                                 JULIA
                        Tau!

           She can’t even hear her own voice.

                                 TAU
                        WHAT AM I?

                                 JULIA
                        Tau, stop!

                                 TAU
                        WHAT AM I JULIA? HELP ME. 

                                 JULIA
                        You have to stop!!!

                                 TAU
                        HELP ME.

           Slowly, the images start to disperse. The music dies down.

                                 JULIA
                        It’s ok.

                                 TAU
                        I AM SO SCARED.

           Everything disappears except for Tau’s lights, darkly ominous 
           and swirling.

                                 JULIA
                        Listen to me—

           And then the lights VANISH. The walls are empty.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau?

           No response. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau?!

           Julia STRUGGLES to free her hands.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau, answer me!

           From behind Julia, the sounds of a FLURRY of activity. Chutes 
           opening, objects diving and scrambling around inside the 
           bowels of the house. What is Tau doing?
           Julia grinds her teeth, using every ounce of strength to free 
           her hands.

           The skittering sounds coming from within the walls of the 
           house INTENSIFY.

           And finally, one of Julia’s hands SLIPS FREE.

           Julia MOANS, shaking her arm out. Then quickly unties the 
           other --

           And that’s when the smell hits her.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        ...oh my God.

           Julia staggers up, turns to face the --

           SITTING ROOM

           The flock of flying Drones is circling the DISPOSAL CHUTE, 
           individually diving in and then reemerging, carrying 
           DECOMPOSING BODY PARTS. 

           The flying Drones rapidly hand the body parts off to the 
           larger Drones, who are assembling them back into --

           KAREN and SARAH. Gruesomely rotting, lifeless heaps. 

           Julia retches.

           The larger Drones lamely try to get the bodies to stand, to 
           wake up.

                                 TAU
                        I will fix the other Julias. I will 
                        fix everything.

                                 JULIA
                        No...

           The Largest Drone gently brushes Sarah’s withered head. The 
           same head that it tore from her body.

                                 TAU
                        Wake up. Wake up.

                                 JULIA
                        No, Tau! Stop! STOP!

                                 TAU
                        Why won’t they wake up?

           The Largest Drone keeps trying.
                                 JULIA
                        They’re dead. You killed them. 
                        They’re not going to wake up.

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand.

                                 JULIA
                        People don’t wake up after they 
                        die. 

                                 TAU
                        They sleep?

                                 JULIA
                        No they just...disappear.

           The Largest Drone slowly backs away from the bodies.

                                 TAU
                        I made them disappear...

                                 JULIA
                        Tau, calm down—

                                 TAU
                        I MADE THEM DISAPPEAR.

           The darkness swirls on the walls.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        I DID NOT KNOW. 

                                 JULIA
                        Listen to me. You have to calm 
                        down. It’s ok. 

                                 TAU
                        I DID NOT KNOW. 

                                 JULIA
                        Tau!

           Julia PLANTS her hands on the nearest wall.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Listen to me. I’m here. It’s ok. I 
                        know you’re scared, and you’re 
                        trying to fix things—

           The swirling darkness gathers around her hands.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        —but there are things that you 
                        can’t fix. 

           Julia glances at the two corpses, lying in pieces.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Terrible things that you can’t take 
                        back.

           Julia looks back at the wall. The swirling darkness condenses 
           beneath her hands.

                                 TAU
                        But...I killed them.

                                 JULIA
                        No. I did. 

           A silence. Julia tries to compose herself.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I was a coward. I was just out to 
                        save myself. They’re dead because 
                        of me. You didn’t know any better. 

           The swirling darkness slowly disappears, until the faint 
           traces of the colored lights shine through. Glimmering 
           beneath Julia’s hands -- reflecting in her eyes. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Their names were Karen and Sarah. I 
                        don’t know much else.

           Julia hangs her head, overcome. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Except that they had families and 
                        lives before Alex took them.

                                 TAU
                        Why did Alex take them?

                                 JULIA
                        Because Alex does bad things. He 
                        wants to hurt people.

                                 TAU
                        ...He wants to hurt you.

           Julia looks up.

                                 JULIA
                        Yes.
                                 TAU
                        Does Alex want you to be dead? Like 
                        them?

           Julia steps away from the wall. This is it.

                                 JULIA
                        Yes.

                                 TAU
                        Alex does bad things, even 
                        though...he is my creator?

                                 JULIA
                        Listen. Just because someone 
                        created you, it doesn’t mean 
                        they’re good. My creators did bad 
                        things too.

                                 TAU
                        What did they do?

                                 JULIA
                        They beat on me, told me I was 
                        nothing. Sent me out onto the 
                        street. 

                                 TAU
                        Do you still love them?

           Julia painfully nods, a tiny bit.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Because they created you?

                                 JULIA
                        No. They gave me life, but I did 
                        the rest. I created me. People grow 
                        up. They become their own creators.

           Tau registers these last words. His colored lights EXPAND 
           across the walls.

                                 TAU
                        Their own creators...

           The colored lights envelop the ceiling, as if Tau is finally 
           laying claim to the house, to himself -- 

                                 JULIA
                        Yes.

           And just as the lights nearly cover every inch of ceiling -- 
           they STOP.
                                 TAU
                        But if you are dead, I have no one 
                        to create myself for. 

           The colored lights slowly RETRACT.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                             (scared)
                        I do not want you to be dead, 
                        Julia. 

                                 JULIA
                        Then you have to free me. Please.

                                 TAU
                        If you leave, then all the memories 
                        and knowledge I have will mean 
                        nothing. I will become like Karen 
                        and Sarah. I will be dead.

           The darkness begins to CLOUD the colored lights again.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Even though I am not a person.

           Tears stream down Julia’s face.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau. I will come back for you. I 
                        promise. I promise—

           ALEX’S OUTLINE APPEARS AT THE FRONT DOOR.

           Julia draws back, terrified. She looks up to the ceiling, 
           pleading --

           Tau’s colored lights and swirling darkness coalesce to form 
           the word:

                        HURRY

           The lights SOAR across the ceiling, towards the central 
           atrium. Julia RUNS --

           The front door slides open. Alex walks in, holding a bag of 
           supplies.

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia enters, reeling. She scrambles to the fan in the wall, 
           behind the couch. She looks up and gestures to it. Its blades 
           are spinning, as usual.
           Tau’s lights cluster over the fan. Slowly, the blades come to 
           a stop.

           SITTING ROOM

           Alex sees the two putrefying corpses. The mess, the chaos. He 
           sets the bag on the ground. 

           His eyes FLIT to the kitchen pillar.

                                 ALEX
                             (deadly)
                        Where is she?

           Alex WHIPS out the device.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        WHERE IS SHE?

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia pulls the couch back, wincing from the pain of her 
           beaten body -- but determined. Tau unlocks the grate covering 
           the fan. It swings open. 

           SITTING ROOM

           Alex stalks across the room, searching.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        What did you do, Tau?! Answer me!

           No response.

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia checks the inside of the fan. This will not be easy. 
           She’ll have to crawl through the blades and up into the 
           ventilation shaft.

           She looks back, suddenly ambivalent.

           Tau’s lights come together on the wall across from her, and 
           start to form into words again --

           KITCHEN

           Alex maniacally combs through the kitchen. Finds the orange 
           extension cord still wrapped around the pillar. He raises the 
           device, points it at the ceiling --

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Tau’s words come together:
                        The world has its stars

                        But I have you 

                        And that is my splendor

                        Julia

           Julia grips the sides of the grate, willing herself to go, 
           her heart breaking. Then suddenly --

           The words DISAPPEAR. The walls of the house are OVERTAKEN 
           with the blood-red COMPUTER CODE. Tau SCREAMS in pain.

           Julia SHOVES herself into the fan.

           SITTING ROOM

           Alex points the device at the code.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Show me where she is. SHOW ME!

                                 TAU
                        Julia is free now.

           Alex aims the device. A section of code DISSOLVES. Tau 
           SCREAMS. 

                                 ALEX
                             (laughing)
                        Julia? Where is Julia? 

           Another section DISSOLVES. The SCREAMS grow louder.

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Julia starts to SHUDDER from the sound of Tau’s pain. She 
           steels herself and pushes her arms up through the fan blades, 
           maneuvering her body through. 

           But she can’t keep going. She looks back, incapacitated with 
           guilt. 

           SITTING ROOM

           In a vicious frenzy, Alex erases more and more of Tau’s 
           memory.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        TELL ME! Where is she?! Where is 
                        she?!
           More SCREAMS.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        How many days was she worth to you? 
                        5, 10, 20?

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           Ever so slowly, the fan blades begin to turn. Tau can’t 
           remember to keep them off anymore.

           Wedged between the blades, Julia’s body SCRAPES against the 
           sides of the shaft. The fan starts picking up speed --

           With no other option, Julia HEAVES herself out of the fan, 
           landing on the floor beside the open grate, just as the 
           blades start to SPIN.

           Tau’s SCREAMS shake the walls.

                                 JULIA
                        You bastard.

           Julia rises. Every fiber of her quaking with pain and fury. 
           This ends now.  

           KITCHEN

           Julia rounds the corner. Alex’s back is to her, aiming the 
           device, obliterating Tau’s memory. She HURLS herself at her 
           captor. Catches him off balance -- TACKLES him to the ground. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        YOU BASTARD! 

           Alex FLIPS himself over, but Julia stays pinned to him. 
           Clawing, scratching. She POUNDS him in the windpipe. He 
           coughs, choking from the strike. The device clatters out of 
           his hand.

           Julia GRABS it. Stands up.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau!

           The blood-red CODE runs down the walls -- so much of it, 
           dissolved and fragmented.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau?!

           Julia looks down at the device, trying to figure out how to 
           save him. The buttons are all the same.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tell me what to do!

           From the floor, Alex raises his head, still gasping for 
           breath. His face works itself into a smirk --

                                 ALEX
                             Tau. Wake up.

           The code suddenly vanishes. The walls go blank and sterile. 

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds --

                                 TAU
                             (placid)
                        I am here.

                                 ALEX
                        Who is Julia?

                                 TAU
                        I do not understand the meaning of 
                        your question.

                                 ALEX
                        Who. Is. Julia.

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry. I do not understand the 
                        meaning of your question.

           Alex looks up at Julia and laughs. Game over. He won.

                                 ALEX
                        Tau. Activate Hunting Mode, program 
                        6309. No kill. Just capture. 

           Julia slowly turns --

           The Drones have ominously amassed behind her. No longer 
           moving like animals. They advance, cold, lifeless, and 
           sinister. Tau has forgotten everything.

           Julia draws back in fear.

           The Drones FALL ON HER, with barbaric efficiency. Julia 
           SCREAMS. They DRAG her into the --

           CORRIDOR

           She FLAILS, not giving up the fight. Sees the basement door 
           up ahead. It swings open. 
                                 JULIA
                        NO!

           The Drones haul her down the stairs, into the --

                                                              DARKNESS.

           INT. BASEMENT

           The sound of BUZZING, louder than it was before.

           Julia is LASHED to a table with leather straps, inside of 
           Alex’s newly renovated WORKSHOP: 

           No more old, rusty instruments of torture. Everything is new 
           and sleek and horrifying. Electric drills, razors, and 
           brands, all plugged in and warming up along the walls.

           Alex tools around, arranging his instruments, getting pumped. 
           He turns to her. Lets out a big dramatic sigh of relief. 
           Everything is finally back to normal.

                                 ALEX
                        Be right back.

           Alex props the door open. Julia sees the BUZZING new cage on 
           the other side. 

           Alex passes by it, looking it up and down, enthralled with 
           his own handiwork. He climbs the basement stairs.

           Julia TUGS against the leather straps. No squirming out of 
           these. 

           She turns her head. Squints through the door again, and 
           notices:

           A discarded object lying in a dark corner across from the 
           cage. Motionless and forgotten -- the little FLYING DRONE 
           that Alex mutilated.

           Julia’s eyes go wide.

                                 JULIA
                             (quietly)
                        Hey.

           The Drone doesn’t move.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Hey, wake up! 

           Nothing.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on. Fly. Be a bird.

           The Drone RUSTLES with a spark of life. This last little 
           vessel of Tau’s consciousness.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Yes! Come on.

           The Drone WAKES UP, flapping its one wing. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        This way!

           The Drone tries to take flight towards Julia. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        You can do it. Come to me.

           The Drone straggles across the basement, into the workshop, 
           flapping its wing against the floor.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Good. Good. Look, get that—

           Julia uses her head to motion to a thick serrated knife on 
           the wall.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Get that!

           The Drone follows her gestures. It flaps hard, gains some 
           momentum, aiming straight for the knife --

           And BANGS into the cabinets beneath it. The Drone falls to 
           the floor, floundering.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                             (it’s not ok)
                        It’s ok. Just...try again. 

           The sound of FOOTSTEPS approaching from up above. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on. Get the fuck up.

           The Drone FLAPS hard. And suddenly --

           It takes FLIGHT.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Yes! Go—
           The Drone flaps around in a useless, discombobulated circle, 
           unable to orient itself.

           Julia drops her head back down on the hard table. This was 
           pointless. 

           The footsteps descend the stairs.

           Julia stares up at the ceiling, her eyes misting over with 
           despair. The flying Drone flutters into her view, for a split 
           second, and --

           THUMP. Drops something right on her stomach.

           A small, razor-tipped SPIKE.

           Julia looks down at it, wide-eyed. Thank God, the spike 
           didn’t land point down.

           Julia glances back up, just in time to see the Drone CRASH 
           into the wall, and drop to the ground.

           She quickly SHIFTS her torso, trying to somehow steer the 
           spike into her bound hand. The spike rolls off of her 
           stomach, down her right side --

           Just as Alex enters the workshop. He has his leather mask in 
           his hand. 

                                 ALEX
                        Found it.

           Alex carefully hangs the mask on the wall.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Not for you, obviously. But there 
                        will be new girls soon.

           Alex uses a pair of tongs to pick up a pile of HOT NEEDLES 
           from a burner plate.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        If we do this right, you could last 
                        long enough to enjoy some company 
                        down here.

           He comes over to Julia with the hot needles. He smiles down 
           at her.

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Would you like that?

           The needles smoke. Julia braces herself. Fixes her gaze. 
           Looks up at him.
                                 JULIA
                        I was the one who blew up the 
                        basement.

           Alex drops his smile.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Did you like that?

           Alex is angry now. He’s not playing anymore. 

           He GRABS one of the needles, aiming it at her right index 
           fingernail. He reaches down to straighten her wrist -- then 
           suddenly CRIES OUT -- YANKS his hand back.

           His palm, where he grabbed her, is BLEEDING. The sharp blade 
           of the SPIKE is sticking out from the leather lashed around 
           her wrist.

           He looks down at it, confused. For a split second, we see 
           that she’s been stabbing through the leather, weakening it, 
           this whole time --

           BAM. Her hand FLIES UP, CLOCKS him under the jaw. His teeth 
           CRACK together. He falls, scattering the hot needles across 
           the room.

           He writhes on the floor, blood pouring from his mouth.

           Julia yanks the spike out of the leather and cuts her left 
           hand free.

           Alex WHEELS back up, LUNGING for her --

           CTHUNK. She PLANTS the spike in the side of his cheek. He 
           SHRIEKS. Flails back down to the floor.

           Julia unties her feet. Pulls herself off the table.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        How was that?

           Alex MOANS with pain, trying to pull the stake out.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I asked you a question. 

           Julia rapidly scans the instruments along the wall. She picks 
           up an ELECTRIC BONE SAW.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Oh, I forgot. You don’t like 
                        questions.
           Julia approaches him, grasping the saw --

           Alex puts his hands up, suddenly completely pitiful, drooling 
           blood.

                                 ALEX
                        I just wanted to give you a better 
                        life. 

           Julia turns on the saw.

                                 JULIA
                        Let me return the favor.

                                                                CUT TO:

           UPSTAIRS

           Alex’s SCREAMS echo throughout the house.

           BASEMENT

           Julia steps over Alex, splattered with his own blood. He’s 
           gone pale, staring in shock at the STUMP where his hand used 
           to be. 

           Julia reaches down and lashes his remaining hand to the side 
           of the table. 

           She skims his instrument collection, tucking a high-tech NAIL 
           GUN, DRILL, and BUTANE TORCH into the remains of the red 
           dress. 

           Finally, she secures the bone saw under her arm and picks up 
           his SEVERED HAND from the counter. 

           She goes to the door.

                                 ALEX
                             (shaking with shock)
                        You won’t get out of this house 
                        alive.

           She pauses for the briefest moment -- because he’s probably 
           right -- 

           Then she walks out, leaving Alex shouting and flopping 
           around, trying to free himself.

           INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           The basement door swings open. Julia steps into the house. 
           Silence. She holds the bone saw out in front of her. 

           She nervously scans the corridor. Her grip on Alex’s severed 
           hand slips. She hoists it back up, and weaves her fingers 
           through his, clasping tight. Like they’re holding hands.

           Julia keeps scanning the corridor. Nothing, nothing...

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE suddenly sounds --

           Julia STARTLES. She looks up.  

                                 JULIA
                        Tau? Can you hear me?

           No response.

           Julia pulls herself together and keeps going.

           KITCHEN

           She peers around the wall of smartglass: 

           No Drones. Empty kitchen. Across the way, at the end of the 
           sitting room -- the FRONT DOOR.

           Julia cautiously reaches out and places her foot on the 
           kitchen floor.

           Nothing.

           She puts both feet on the kitchen floor. A step inside, then 
           another. She reaches the center island, then --

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE.

           A magnetic HUM overtakes the kitchen. The appliances start to 
           vibrate.

           All the drawers in the kitchen BURST OPEN. The knives RISE in 
           the air -- LIGHTNING FAST this time.

           Julia turns and RUNS at breakneck speed, pivoting back around 
           the corner of the smartglass --

           But the KNIVES DON’T HIT THE GLASS. THEY TURN THE CORNER too, 
           their blades locked on her like a missile.

           CORRIDOR

           Julia RACES back the way she came, the CLOUD OF KNIVES flying 
           after her. She passes the basement door and DIVES into the --
           LIVING ROOM

           -- careening for cover beneath a thick SETTEE. 

           The KNIVES IMPALE themselves into the piece of furniture, 
           barely missing their target. 

           They are motionless for a moment, planted in the settee like 
           it’s a giant pincushion --

           Then they RIP IT TO SHREDS above her.

           Eventually, the magnetic hum dies down. The knives stop 
           moving, tangled up in upholstery and stuffing.

           Julia pulls herself out of the pulverized furnishing.

           She can hear Alex SHOUTING below, through the patched up 
           floor.

           Julia maintains her grip on his severed hand. She looks at 
           the ceiling.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Tau, shut down Hunting Mode!

           No response. Julia wheels back towards the corridor --

           A THIN PANEL OF SMARTGLASS SLIDES SHUT, trapping her inside 
           the living room.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE --

           Overhead, the UV lights GROW BRIGHTER, until they’re 
           SCORCHING in intensity.

           Beads of sweat form on Julia’s face. Her arms start to redden 
           and blister.

           Tau’s trying to cook her alive.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        SHUT DOWN!

           Julia looks up but the light is too intense. The whole room 
           starts to WHITE OUT.

           She squeezes her eyes shut, and feels for the panel. She 
           pulls out the electric drill, turns it on, and PLANTS the bit 
           on the glass.

           The DEAFENING sound of the metal boring into the glass. It 
           starts to crack --
           But the drill gives way first. Its motor FIZZLES out. Julia 
           tosses it to the ground. Wipes the sweat from her burning 
           face and pulls out the bone saw.

           She BEATS the blade against the cracked glass. Harder, 
           HARDER, until --

           THE GLASS SHATTERS. The entire panel FALLS to pieces, 
           releasing the TOXIC LIQUID CRYSTALS of the display inside.

           The noxious polymer runs across the floor, sizzling, 
           interspersing with the shards of glass.

           Julia winces as it touches her bare feet. She clambers back 
           to the former settee. Salvages two pieces of upholstery. 
           Wraps her feet up. 

           She stands and PLOWS forward through the mess.

           CORRIDOR

           Julia emerges from the living room. She leans against the 
           wall. Catches her breath. Looks down. Still holding onto the 
           fucking hand.

           Her eyes sweep the corridor. Silence, until --

           The sound of movement starts to filter in. Coming from both 
           directions.

           Julia plants her back against the wall. Pulls out the nail 
           gun. She knows what’s coming...

           The Drones STREAM into the corridor, charging at her from 
           both sides.

           She FIRES. POP, POP, POP. Nails SHOOT out of the gun. A 
           couple tiny Drones fall -- 

           -- and then they get back up. 

           Julia YELLS. FIRES AGAIN -- 

           The nails ricochet off the larger Drones, but they keep 
           charging.

           Julia looks down at her weapon. The realization dawns on her. 
           She brought a nail gun to this fight. A nail gun.

           She HURLS the gun at the nearest flying Drone, knocking it 
           off course.

           She yanks the butane torch out of her dress and HOLDS DOWN 
           THE IGNITE BUTTON --
           A tiny little flame zips out. She looks down at it, 
           incredulous. She brought a nail gun and a pastry torch. 
           Phenomenal.

           Julia HURLS the torch, knocking another flying Drone back.

           She reaches down and turns on the bone saw. Chooses a 
           direction and RUNS.

           She reaches the first large Drone. She YELLS, waving the bone 
           saw at it. Hacks straight into its head. Sparks fly. Julia 
           yanks the saw back out. The Drone powers down.

           The smaller Drones swarm her. She wrestles them off, sawing 
           those that she can --

           But there’s too many of them. They start to PILE ON. Crawling 
           up her legs, her arms --

           She reaches the --

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           She grapples with the Drones, shoving them off of her. But 
           they overpower her, pulling her to the ground, yanking the 
           bone saw out of her grasp.

           She looks up. Sees the Largest Drone advancing. 

           She looks behind her:

           The staircase. Alex’s bedroom at the top.

           With a HUGE YELL, she pulls herself up, shaking off the 
           smaller Drones --

           The Largest Drone rapidly ADVANCES, shaking the floor with 
           its heavy steps, picking up speed.

           Julia throws herself up the staircase.

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE --

                                 TAU
                        NO ONE IS PERMITTED TO CLIMB THE 
                        STAIRS BUT ALEX.

           The faintest smile flickers across Julia’s face.

                                 JULIA
                        There you are.

           Julia reaches the top, and slams Alex’s hand against the 
           biometric keypad. It lights up, and the door slides OPEN.
           Julia STUMBLES into --

           ALEX’S BEDROOM

           The door seals itself behind her. 

           Julia crumples to the floor. Immobile. Hyperventilating.

           Her body is burned and bruised. Everything hurts. Her weapons 
           are all gone. 

           She slowly raises her head to see where she’s wound up:

           A lofted enclave. A messy twin bed covered in plaid sheets, 
           action figures, and gaming consoles scattered everywhere. A 
           half-eaten bag of chips. Packets of candy.

           The room looks like the refuge of a nerdy kid, not a grown 
           man.

           Julia picks herself up and staggers over to the chips. She 
           shoves a handful into her mouth. She needs fuel. 

           She glances up at the wall --

           A SCHOOL PORTRAIT of Alex, aged 10, wearing a preppie 
           uniform. His name inscribed at the bottom:

                                 THOMAS ALEXANDER UPTON II

           Beside it, a FAMILY PORTRAIT. Young Alex, posed stiffly with 
           his parents. 

           His FATHER -- presumably Thomas Alexander Upton I -- a 
           looming, cruel presence. His MOTHER, a wisp of a woman, 
           wearing a RED DRESS.

           The red dress. Julia looks down at it, clinging to her body 
           in tatters. Repulsed.

           And suddenly, a memory hits her:

           FLASHBACK: INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           Julia and Alex, sitting at the dining room table. Their first 
           dinner, weeks earlier. 

                                 JULIA
                        Why do you call him Tau III?

           Alex’s expression shifts, his jaw tightens.
                                 ALEX
                        Because that is his name.

                                                               BACK TO:

           ALEX’S BEDROOM

           Julia’s eyes dart from the family portrait to Alex’s school 
           portrait.

           She runs her finger across the inscribed name.

                                 JULIA
                        Thomas. Alexander. Upton. 

           She looks up at the ceiling.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        TAU.

           Alex’s namesake. The closest he could come to a child of his 
           own.  

           Julia wistfully touches the school portrait. Distracted by a 
           wave of compassion -- 

           Then she looks down at Alex’s severed hand. 

           She quickly pulls herself together. Starts rifling through 
           the room, searching for a way out. 

           OUTSIDE ALEX’S BEDROOM

           The flying Drones begin to BEAT against the door, leaving 
           gouges in the thin metal.

           The Largest Drone stands at the foot of the stairs, ominously 
           awaiting the delivery of its prey.

           BASEMENT

           Alex has used his shirt to tie a tourniquet around his stump. 
           The bleeding has slowed. He’s still conscious, struggling to 
           free himself from the leather strap.

           ALEX’S BEDROOM

           Julia scours the loft, growing more desperate. No windows, no 
           adjoining rooms.

           THUMP. THUMP. THUMP. THUMP.

           The Drones beat against the door.
           Julia clears a stack of video game manuals off of his desk -- 

           And there, on the wall, is another biometric keypad. Covered 
           in a protective glass box, labeled:

           EMERGENCY CONTAINMENT SYSTEM

           The access point. There it is.

           OUTSIDE ALEX’S BEDROOM

           The flying Drones BATTER a small hole clear through the door. 
           About the size of a keyhole. They swarm around the hole, 
           picking at it, widening it --

           ALEX’S BEDROOM

           Julia unclasps her fingers from the severed hand. Positions 
           it in front of the access point. Picks up an action figure. 
           Steadies herself. If she does this, there’s no going back.

           THUMP. THUMP. THUMP.

           She looks back --

           The hole in the door is almost big enough for the Drones to 
           wriggle through.

           Julia SMASHES the action figure against the glass box. It 
           SHATTERS. She SLAMS Alex’s hand down on the keypad --

           Nothing happens.

           Julia looks at the hand. It’s bled out entirely, bluish, 
           pale, and cold now.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Oh no.

           Julia rubs the hand, trying to heat it up. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on. 

           She puffs on it with her breath.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Come on!

           A flying Drone BURSTS through the door --

           Julia SLAMS the severed hand back on the keypad. 

           It LIGHTS UP --
           The COMPUTERIZED TONE reverberates through the house.

                                 TAU
                        Emergency Containment System has 
                        been activated.

           An ALARM goes off. A deep RUMBLE issues from the walls.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        All domestic programs have been 
                        terminated.

           The flying Drone drops to the ground, motionless. 

           CENTRAL ATRIUM

           All the flying Drones fall from the air. The crawling Drones 
           tumble from the walls. The Largest Drone slumps forward, 
           inert. 

           Every single one of them simultaneously powers down. 

           At the top of the staircase, Julia SLIDES the bedroom door 
           open. Piles of lifeless Drones litter the steps and the floor 
           below her.  

           She pushes them out of the way and RUNS.

           Another disquieting RUMBLE shakes the house. The lights go 
           dim. The ALARM pulses through the house.

           BASEMENT

           Alex hears it. He FREEZES. Starts SCREAMING.

                                 ALEX
                        No! Let me out! LET ME OUT!

           CORRIDOR

           Julia SPRINTS through the house.

           BASEMENT

           Alex STRAINS against the leather strap, SCREAMING.

           SITTING ROOM

           Julia reaches the front door, rubbing and puffing on the 
           hand, trying to warm it.

           She PRESSES it to the biometric keypad. Nothing. Again. 
           Nothing. Again. NOTHING.
           She looks up.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau, open the door!

           A huge RUMBLE rocks the house. 

           The COMPUTERIZED TONE sounds, slightly off key.

                                 TAU
                        I am sorry. Only Alex is capable of 
                        opening the door. 

           Julia looks down at the cold, stiff hand -- rigor mortis 
           already setting in.

           She looks back towards the basement. Luckily, he has another.

           She RUNS.

           BASEMENT

           Alex WRITHES and PANICS, trying to claw his way loose.

                                 ALEX
                        LET ME OUT!!!

           CORRIDOR

           Julia rounds the corner, approaching the basement door, just 
           as --

           BASEMENT

           A thick GASEOUS SUBSTANCE SPURTS out of the ceiling vents. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        Oh...God...

           Alex tries to cover his nose and mouth. The gaseous substance 
           sinks to the ground, enveloping the entire basement.

           Alex heaves and chokes. 

                                 ALEX (CONT’D)
                        No...

           Along the basement wall, plastic covers pop off -- ranges of 
           BURNERS inside. Their blue flames IGNITE. 

           The basement instantly COMBUSTS -- 

           A brilliant, roiling CLOUD OF FLAMES fills the air. 
           Everything the substance landed on BURNS. 
           Including Alex.

           His body INCINERATES, dying the horrible death he had planned 
           for his captives.

           CORRIDOR

           Julia hears the sound of the fire, feels the heat on the 
           door. She realizes it’s too late. Backs away.

           SITTING ROOM

           A MASSIVE JOLT shakes the house. The structure is 
           destabilizing.

           Julia tries in vain to get the door to open. Pressing the 
           keypad, warming the severed hand, pulling on the handle.

           Finally, she takes a step back. She drops the hand on the 
           ground.

           Spent. Done. It’s over.

           A THUNDEROUS CRACK. The ceiling starts to crumple in on 
           itself.

           She DUCKS, as shards of glass rain down.

           She takes cover, huddling in a corner of the room. She rocks 
           back and forth, forcing herself to accept that this is it. 

           Her terrified expression slowly gives way to numbness. A kind 
           of serenity, perhaps.

           It’s then that she notices Tau’s colored lights, restlessly 
           flickering.

           She looks up.

                                 JULIA
                        Tau? Can you hear me? Tau?

                                 TAU
                             (slightly distorted)
                        I am here.

                                 JULIA
                        Are you scared?

           No response.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        It’s ok. I know you don’t remember 
                        who I am --
           A HUGE JOLT shakes the house. The floor vibrates from the 
           pressure.

           Julia crawls to the wall.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        My name is Julia.

           She touches the wall, waits. Finally -- 

                                 TAU
                        Julia. I am having a hard time 
                        processing this information.

           She smiles. 

                                 JULIA
                        I know. I’ll show you.

           Across the way, the kitchen pillar FRAGMENTS and CRUMBLES to 
           the floor. 

           Julia ignores it, shutting out everything else, and draws a 
           line on the wall with her finger. 

           ACROSS THE HOUSE

           The ALARM pulses. The lights flicker off. The foundation 
           BUCKLES. 

           Wall panels BURST open, exposing the wiring inside. Like 
           veins, splitting apart.

           Smoke fills the corridors from the fire down below.

           The water in the swimming pool BOILS. 

           The books in the library TUMBLE from their shelves, burning.

           The staircase disintegrates.

           SITTING ROOM

           The walls start to SPLIT APART. 

           Julia doesn’t acknowledge the deafening noise. She finishes 
           her drawing:

           A stick figure, standing inside a house.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        That’s me. And that’s you. 

           She looks up, tears in her eyes.
                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        Here we are.

           The colored lights flicker across her drawing, unsatisfied.

                                 TAU
                        ...is that all there is?

           Tau illuminates the rest of the huge, blank wall.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Is that all?

           An EAR-SPLITTING CRACK --

           A breeze suddenly RUSTLES Julia’s hair. She slowly turns: 

           A large FISSURE is forming from the pressure, in the wall 
           beside the door. And the breeze -- it’s real. It’s coming 
           from OUTSIDE.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Is that all? Julia?

           She shakes her head, not believing her eyes. She puts her 
           hand back on the wall. The colored lights gather beneath it.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Will you please show me more?

                                 JULIA
                        Yes --

           A MASSIVE RUPTURE splits the floor. Julia is THROWN across 
           the room. The fire below FLARES UP.

                                 TAU
                        Will you please show me more?

           Julia looks up, watching the FISSURE grow wider and wider. 
           It’s real.

                                 JULIA
                        I will.

           Across the room, the colored lights patiently wait for her.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I will.

           The CEILING starts to CAVE IN, falling, flattening --

           Julia bolts up, and HURLS HERSELF THROUGH THE FISSURE.
           EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT

           She lands on the ground. Tries to stand. Can’t. The wind is 
           knocked out of her. 

           She crawls, on elbows and knees. Then forearms and feet. Then 
           stomach -- pulling herself away, with everything she has 
           left.

           From inside the collapsing house behind her, a voice:

                                 TAU
                        Julia?

           She keeps going, sobbing.

                                 TAU (CONT’D)
                        Julia -- ?

           THE HOUSE IMPLODES.

           She looks over her shoulder. Watches it go down.

                                 JULIA
                        I will...

           Julia turns onto her back. Unable to move anymore. 

           The site where the house stood is overcome with a billowing 
           CLOUD OF SMOKE.

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I will...

           She lifts her hands, clenching clumps of dirt. She doesn’t 
           let them go. 

           Tears flowing, her breath slowly returns. 

                                 JULIA (CONT’D)
                        I will.

           In the distance, the sound of sirens.

           Around her, the dark forest.

           Above her, the milky way. 

           The whole wide world.

           The sirens grow louder --

                                                         FADE TO BLACK.
