                                      BETHLEHEM

                                     Written by

                                    Larry Brenner

          65 Park Terrace East, Apt C47
          New York, NY 10034
          212-544-7537
           INT. HOSPITAL

           A dark hallway in a hospital. The hospital is in utter 
           disarray. Row upon row of empty rooms, and overturned 
           gurneys.

           Everything is in perfect working order, however. The 
           fluorescent lights hum, and the clocks keep perfect time.

           A ZOMBIE NURSE slowly shambles her way down the hallway. She 
           might have been pretty once, but decay has begun to set in.  
           The lower left part of her chin has completely peeled away, 
           revealing the greyish-white jawbone underneath.

           The nurse’s light blue scrubs are covered in dried blood 
           stains, and her left leg is twisted slightly inward which 
           causes a pronounced limp as she crawls down the hallway.

           Every few moments she emits a soft GROAN, but this sound has 
           no communicative value. It’s not something she does with any 
           intentionality behind it.

           INT. HOSPITAL RECORDS

           A room filled with row upon row of file cabinets. In one 
           corner of the room, a microwave has been wheeled in on a 
           tray, and is currently on making a humming sound.

           In another corner is a small work desk with a map unfolded on 
           it. A second copy lies on folded on the side.

           Sitting on a chair, going through a file is ERIK, a vampire 
           in the mode of F.W. Murnau's Nosferatu. Pale white skin, 
           pointed ears, spiky teeth, and claw like hands. His face 
           however, is not so much unattractive as it is inhuman.

           Erik has a smooth bald head, and has a thin wiry build. 
           Erik's wearing comfortable clothing-  blue jeans, a black t-
           shirt, and sneakers. He's skimming through the files, and 
           none of them are holding his interest.

           The microwave DINGS, and Erik puts down the file he’s looking 
           at. He walks over to the microwave and opens up the door.

           He pulls out a blood packet, and puts it into a large mug. He 
           grabs a knife and cuts an opening into the packet. He then 
           pulls out a large straw and inserts into the blood packet.

           The Zombie Nurse walks by the open door to the hospital 
           records. He casually glances at her for a moment, still 
           sipping the blood. She doesn’t notice him, unaware of his 
           presence. 
           He walks back to the desk, and pulls a file out of the box.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL RECORDS- LATER

           Erik has the plastic bag in his hand and is greedily licking 
           it, making sure to get every last drop of the plasma.

           He walks to a trash can labeled "Caution: Bio-Hazard" and 
           tosses the empty plasma bag inside it. As the can opens, it's 
           nearly overflowing with empty plasma bags.

           He walks back over to the desk. He opens up a file, and 
           suddenly leans in, taking an exceptional interest in this 
           one.

           Eric pulls out a document taking great care not to damage it 
           with his claw-like hands. It’s a birth certificate, for a 
           baby girl named Anna Karic.

           From under the desk, he pulls out a large scrapbook. It’s 
           unwieldy, one of those overstuffed photo album that seems 
           close to bursting. He opens the album, again with great care.

           He pulls through the book, which begins with some black and 
           white pictures from the late forties, many of which feature a 
           handsome man in his early twenties-  Erik when human.

           In some of the later pictures, human Erik is with a beautiful 
           young woman, a wedding photo of the two of them.   The two of 
           them are looking at each other with the adoration that comes 
           of true love. 

           On another page, the two of them but the woman is noticeably 
           pregnant.  She’s looking down at her stomach, smiling 
           demurely, as human Erik has his right hand on it.

           He stops for a moment and lingers over a newspaper article, a 
           small clipping about a local man gone missing, followed by an 
           obituary. He moves forward several pages.

           The album contains more pictures, now in color but human Erik 
           isn’t in any of them. The vast majority of the photographs 
           are shot in the evening, and are poorly cropped candid 
           photographs of people.

           Finally, Erik turns to a blank page in the album. He lifts up 
           the plastic, and places the birth certificate inside, 
           preserving it. 
           He quickly scans the rest of the file. At the end he sees a 
           more recent form dated 2014, with the name Anna Karic at the 
           top. It’s a notice of transfer, and states that Anna was 
           moved to Berkshire Hospital for diagnosis and treatment.

           Erik examines the map, and follows a highlighted path with 
           his finger. He folds up the map and puts it in his pocket. He 
           takes the second, folded-up map as well.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL

           Erik walks down the hallway, carrying a side bag. The Zombie 
           Nurse has reached the end of the corridor and is shuffling 
           mindlessly into a room. A CUSTODIAL ZOMBIE can be seen 
           shambling down an intersecting corridor.

           Neither Erik nor the zombies take notice of the other.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL BLOOD BANK

           The laboratory where the blood packets are stored. Various 
           freezers have been unplugged and are completely defrosted. 
           Only one of the freezers is still plugged in.

           Erik walks into the blood bank carrying a cooler backed with 
           ice.

           Erik walks over to the last freezer. Only a handful of blood 
           packets are inside. Erik opens up the cooler and carefully 
           packs the blood packets inside. He then unplugs the final 
           freezer, turns off the lights, and exits the room.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. HOSPITAL ENTRANCE

           An incredibly messy lobby, with the occasional zombie walking 
           aimlessly. A reception desk lies in the center of the waiting 
           room, with various empty seats installed for visitors.

           An elevator door opens and Erik walks out, holding the 
           cooler. He starts to walk toward the front door, then stops. 
           He walks over to the front desk.

           Erik rips a piece of paper and writes on it. He places the 
           paper down on the reception desk. 
           "Heading to Berkshire County Hospital. I hope you'll find me 
           there."   He leaves a second copy of the map on the reception 
           desk.

           Erik picks up the cooler, and heads out.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT- NIGHT

           The parking lot outside the hospital is nearly filled to 
           capacity with vehicles. Darkness permeates the area, making 
           the outside world an ambiguous place of shadows. 

           Walking around the parking lot are a horde zombies-  slow-
           moving, half-eaten walking corpses, that GROAN in the 
           background as they move aimlessly.

           Erik barely even notices them, and carefully loads the cooler 
           into the ambulance. A zombie starts to climb in the back. 
           Erik calmly pulls him out, points him in the opposite 
           direction, and gives him a push. The zombie crawls away.

           Erik closes the ambulance back door. He walks around to the 
           front, gets in the driver's seat, adjusts the mirror (he has 
           no reflection), and turns the key.

           He drives out of the parking lot, and the zombies start to 
           move toward the ambulance.

           Erik shakes his head, presses down on the accelerator, and 
           runs down any zombies in his way.

           The ambulance leaves the parking lot.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. HIGHWAY- NIGHT

           The highway is filled with the occasional abandoned car and 
           wandering zombie. Erik doesn't go out of his way to run down 
           the zombies, but doesn't avoid them if they're in his path.

           The cars are more significant obstacles, and they force Erik 
           to drive slowly at times.

           At one point, an accident obstructs the road, and Erik is 
           forced to exit the ambulance. He grabs a baseball bat from 
           the passenger side before leaving.

           The zombies glance at him, but Erik barely notices. They lose 
           interest and continue shambling aimlessly.
           Erik enters one of the crashed cars. The window has been 
           broken, and a zombie driver is at the wheel, buckled into the 
           seat belt. His left arm has been partially devoured.

           Erik unbuckles the zombie, and helps him out of the car. The 
           zombie shuffles off.

           Erik is about to enter the car when he sees a cross hanging 
           from the mirror.

           He looks around. In one of the other cars he spots some dry 
           cleaning on a hanger.

           He walks over to that car, SMASHES the window with the 
           baseball bat, and grabs the dry cleaning.

           The zombies turn and look at the sound, and Erik stares at 
           them. They turn away, uninterested. He rips the dry cleaned 
           pants off of the hanger and lets the shirt fall to ground.

           He stops for a moment and looks at the shirt. He opens it up, 
           and lays it on the ground.

           Erik walks back to the first car, and uses the wire hanger to 
           hook the cross off the rear view mirror. He succeeds, then 
           brings the hanger and the cross over to the shirt.

           He gently lays the cross down on the shirt, then uses the 
           shirt fabric to completely cover the cross, binding it with 
           fabric. He picks up the shirt, and stares at it for a moment.

           Erik is about to throw the shirt-covered cross as far as he 
           can. At the last second he stays his hand and looks at the 
           shirt again. He puts it in his side bag instead.

           Some zombies follow the movement of the cross with their eyes 
           before returning to their aimless shuffle.

           Erik enters the car, turns the key, and drives it just far 
           enough that the ambulance can pass. He gets out of the car 
           and heads back to the ambulance.

           He drives for a minute before coming to another accident in 
           the road. He stops the ambulance, grabs the baseball bat, and 
           exits the vehicle.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. ROAD

           Erik is still driving along, when his WATCH ALARM goes off. 
           He glances at the watch. The digital face reads 5:30 AM.
           Erik pulls to the side of the road. He gets out of the 
           ambulance, and walks to the back.

           He opens up the back door, climbs in to the back, and shuts 
           the door.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. ROAD- SUNRISE

           The sun begins to peer over the horizon. Zombies shuffle 
           along, oblivious. Daylight has no meaning to them, they swarm 
           upon the earth like a pestilence.

           It’s as if the world itself is in a state of lifeless decay.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF AMBULANCE

           Erik is now making himself comfortable in the back of the 
           ambulance. He's placed a curtain up between the back and the 
           front of the ambulance, and sealed up the rear window so that 
           no sunlight cam come in.

           Erik pulls a blood packet out of the cooler, and puts it into 
           a small microwave. He pulls out a DVD player, and turns on 
           the power. A television program begins to play softly in the 
           background.

           Erik opens his side bag, and pulls out the scrapbook. He 
           turns to a page at the beginning of the album, and pulls out 
           a family tree. He takes a pencil and draws a small line under 
           a couple of names. He writes in “Anna Karic (1997 -, then 
           returns the paper to the album.

           Erik lies down on a gurney and relaxes.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF AMBULANCE-  LATER

           End credits of a movie are playing. Erik's watch goes off 
           again. He stands up, turns off the DVD player, and opens up 
           the ambulance door.

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. HIGHWAY- EXIT 61

           As Erik drives, he sees a large sign that reads "Exit 61-  
           Berkshire-  Next Right". Erik instinctively signals right, 
           sees what he's doing, and smiles. He cancels the signal.

           The ambulance takes Exit 61 into Berkshire.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. THE DRIVE THROUGH BERKSHIRE

           Erik drives through a devastated town. Zombies are 
           everywhere... some are relatively intact, others horribly 
           mutilated. One LEGLESS ZOMBIE desperately crawls with its 
           arms to get nowhere.

           Eventually, the road becomes so thick with zombies, Erik has 
           to floor it, and run them over. The windshield of the 
           ambulance becomes thick with zombie blood and guts.

           Once clear of the crowd, Erik turns on the windshield wipers. 
           An eyeball has congealed to the mirror, and Erik has to 
           lubricate it with water to get it to slide off.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL- NIGHT

           Erik's ambulance pulls into a crowded parking lot, full of 
           cars and zombies. He puts on clothing to disguise his 
           monstrousness-  a large trench coat, sunglasses, and a wide 
           brimmed hat.

           Erik walks out of the vehicle. The nearby zombies start to 
           swarm toward him... then abruptly lose interest.

           There are so many zombies here, it's almost impossible for 
           him to cross through. He slowly makes his way across the 
           parking lot.

           Erik's alarm watch BEEPS. He looks to the horizon, and sees 
           the faintest rays of the sunrise.

           Erik shakes his head. He grabs onto a zombie, and pushes on 
           the zombie as hard as he can. The zombies begin to fall down 
           like dominos, and Erik races over their fallen bodies.

           Erik walks to the hospital doors, which don't open 
           automatically. He has to move to the side door, which he 
           pulls open and enters.
           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL RECEPTION

           Some zombies try to follow Erik in, but he makes sure to 
           close the door before they can enter.

           The reception area is empty of moving zombies, although 
           nowhere near as neat and pristine as the one Erik just left. 
           It looks like people tore through here pretty quickly.

                                 ERIK
                        Hello? Anyone in here?

           He walks over to the reception desk, and finds a building 
           directory. He peruses it.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. OFFICE

           Erik is sitting in a chair in a reception office. He pushes a 
           button on the hospital intercom.

                                 ERIK
                        Hello?

           He hears his own voice in the hallway.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Hi. I don't mean to scare you, but 
                        my name is Erik and I'm in the 
                        building right now. Obviously. I 
                        can protect you. I can get you 
                        food. I'm on the second floor right 
                        now, and... if anyone's here, I'd 
                        like to meet you.

           He puts his head on the desk. A long moment.

           THUD. The sound of something hitting the floor on the ceiling 
           above him. He looks up, and touches the intercom.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        I heard that! Is someone there?

           THUD.

                                 ERIK
                        Fantastic. I'll be right up.
           Erik's face takes on a dark, predatory look. In a hurry, he 
           books out of the room.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL HALLWAY

           Erik races down the hallway. He sees an elevator and a 
           stairway. He pauses for a moment, then opens the stairwell.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE STAIRWELL

           Erik races up the stairwell, and exits through the third 
           floor doorway.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE THIRD FLOOR

           Erik walks into the floor, and looks around. Things are in 
           disarray, but no zombies in sight.

                                 ERIK
                        Hello?

           He starts to walk. One of the doors open. CREED, an thin man, 
           slowly hobbles out. Creed wears a large, oversized robe and 
           his face is hidden in the darkness.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Hey! You're alive?

           Creed shambles forward.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Uh... you are alive, aren't you?

           Creed nods.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Good... 

           Erik can hold back no longer.  He lunges at Creed, baring his 
           fangs.

           But at the same time, Creed starts running toward Erik. He 
           too, is a hideously deformed vampire. Creed's mouth opens and 
           pointed, vampiric fangs can be seen. Creed leaps at Erik.
           Creed bites down hard on Erik's neck. They both freeze for a 
           moment. Creed's eyes shift with confusion.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        How long are you going to keep 
                        doing that?

           Creed releases Erik's neck.

                                 CREED
                        Dry. Your well has run dry.

           Erik reveals his vampiric features to Creed.

                                 ERIK
                        Just a couple of vampires. Of all 
                        the rotten luck, huh?

           Creed laughs bitterly.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        The name's Erik.

                                 CREED
                        Creed.

                                 ERIK
                        So, I don't suppose you know...

                                 CREED
                        Don't ask stupid questions. If I 
                        knew somewhere better to be...

                                 ERIK
                        Right. Still, good to have company. 
                        I haven't spoken to anyone since...

                                 CREED
                        You have any blood?

                                 ERIK
                        No. I'm thinking, maybe you and I 
                        pack up whatever you've got here, 
                        head over to Gainsborough.

                                 CREED
                        I've been to Gainsborough! Drank it 
                        dry.

                                 ERIK
                        Burleigh then.

           Creed shakes his head.
                                 CREED
                        Nearest untapped hospital is in 
                        Singingwood.

                                 ERIK
                        Uh... I hit that one actually. All 
                        gone.

           Creed stares at him.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Ok. Not a problem. We'll just check 
                        the map.

           Erik pulls out the map. As he does so, Creed lunges at him 
           again.

                                 CREED
                        There's not enough! NOT ENOUGH FOR 
                        TWO!

           The two begin to fight in the hospital room.

                                 ERIK
                        Get off of me! You crazy...!

           The two roll around on the floor. Creed is in a frenzied 
           panic, attacking Erik with everything he's got. They knock 
           over a tray full of medical supplies, which scatter across 
           the floor.

           Erik reaches with one of his hands, and grabs a syringe. He 
           stabs it into Creed's eye. Creed screams, and releases his 
           hold on Erik. Erik picks up a chair and smacks Creed with it.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        We don't have to do this.

           Creed runs at Erik again. Erik smacks him down with the chair 
           again, which breaks.

           Creed reaches for the wooden chair leg, a mad look in his 
           eyes. Erik's eyes open a bit, but he says nothing. Creed 
           lunges at Erik, aiming for Erik's heart.

           Erik grabs Creed's arm, holding off the assault. Erik pushes 
           Creed back into one of the patient rooms.

           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL PATIENT ROOM

           An empty patients room, with a large elevated bed and a large 
           windows completely covered with curtains. Creed lies on the 
           floor, but quickly rises to his feet.
           Erik enters the room, wielding an IV pole. He swings it at 
           Creed, knocking him in the head. Creed snarls and lunges 
           again at Erik.

           Erik smacks Creed again with the pole. Creed stumbles 
           backward and crashes against the window. The curtain rod 
           falls down allowing sunlight in.

           The sunlight hits Creed and Erik's bodies and both begin to 
           smoke. Erik quickly drops the pole and dives under the 
           patients bed.

           Creed ignites into flames, screaming. He, too, tries to get 
           under the bed, but Erik won't move over. Creed races for the 
           exit of the room, but collapses.

           Creed's body burns itself out. Nothing else catches fire, and 
           the fire burns out, leaving nothing but ash. Erik winces at 
           this end.

           Erik stares at the pile of ash. He glances at the sunlight 
           all around him. He waits.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL RECORDS

           Erik, no longer in disguise, is going through the records at 
           this hospital, this time more purposefully. He pulls a file 
           with the labelled Karic, Anna. It’s very thin, containing a 
           single page. A death certificate.

           Erik looks at the paper for a long moment. His eyes flicker 
           over the information. The cause of death is listed as an 
           unknown disease transmitted through a bite, along with a note 
           specifying that the body be destroyed.

           Erik carefully places the certificate into his album. He 
           turns to the page with the family tree, and writes the year 
           2014 next to Anna’s entry as her year of expiration.

           Erik looks at the family tree. Every person listed on it has 
           an expiration date, with one exception.  Erik Karic.   Under 
           his name it read (1933 -  )

           He sits in the room motionless for a long moment.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL PATIENT ROOM

           Erik stands at the window shade, presently down. Tiny 
           glimmers of light can be seen at the periphery of the window. 
           He holds the window shade cord in his hand, ready to pull it 
           down. Below him lie Creed’s charred ashes. 

           He closes his eyes for a few seconds, bracing himself for the 
           pain to come. His claw pulls down the window shade. He 
           winces... and nothing happens.

           He opens his eyes. It’s started to lightly rain outside... 
           the sky is completely overcast. He LAUGHS, then lets the 
           window shade fall again.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL BLOOD BANK

           Erik walks into the Berkshire Hospital Blood Bank. Blood bags 
           lie on the floor, carelessly tossed away. Each bag is 
           punctured by two large holes (fang marks).

           Much like the hospital he just left, the freezer units are 
           all empty, except one, which has three bags in it. Erik just 
           stares at the unit.

           He grabs one of the bags, and puts it in a seemingly out of 
           place microwave unit. He heats it up, and puts his head in 
           his hands.

           He looks around and notices a map, similar to the one he took 
           from the last hospital. He opens it up. A number of cities 
           are crossed out with Red X's, covering the northern half of 
           the map.

           Erik pulls out his map, which is identical, except it's the 
           cities to the south that are crossed out. He stares at the 
           two maps. The microwave beeps.

           Erik opens up the door... the bag has exploded in the 
           microwave. In a near panic, Erik digs his fingers in, hoping 
           to scoop up as much of the liquid as he can, his hands 
           staining with blood.

           It's a desperate, grotesque effort. Erik takes the microwave 
           turntable out of the microwave and licks it clean. He 
           greedily sucks his fingers clean.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL HALLWAY

           Erik sits in a hallway despondently. 

           Two zombies slowly shuffle around, as Erik ignores them. The 
           zombies are utterly aimless, with nothing to do in the 
           absence of prey.

           Suddenly, there's a SOUND OF AN IMPACT. Erik looks up, 
           startled. He quickly stands up and runs into the Patient 
           Room.

           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL PATIENT ROOM- NIGHT

           Erik runs to the window and peers outside.

           EXT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL VIEW FROM WINDOW- NIGHT

           Erik looks to a crowded parking lot filled with zombies. The 
           zombies are all in the process of turning away from the 
           hospital and moving across the street.

           Across the street is a large supermarket, along the lines of 
           an A&P. Parked outside with the motor running is a small dark 
           van. The automatic lights in the supermarket parking lot are 
           on.  

           Something is written on the side of the van, but is illegible 
           from Erik’s vantage point.

           JOHN, a middle-aged man with dark black hair just beginning 
           to show signs of going grey. He stands on top of the van, as 
           the zombies slowly move toward him. He wields a shotgun, 
           ready to fire, when it becomes necessary.

           John is unshaven, and his eyes quickly dart from zombie to 
           zombie. There is no anxiety noticeable just the calm 
           intensity of the hunter.

           EMILY, an attractive brunette in her early thirties is 
           sitting at the wheel of the van. She keeps looking from her 
           front mirror to the side mirrors, stress on her face, and 
           nothing left for her to do but keep the motor running.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL PATIENT ROOM- NIGHT

           Erik frantically begins dressing himself in his trench coat 
           and hat. He runs out of the room.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BERKSHIRE STAIRWELL

           Erik runs down the stairs with reckless abandon.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. BERKSHIRE HOSPITAL- NIGHT

           Erik tries to run across the parking lot, but the zombies are 
           all in the way. He desperately starts tearing through them, 
           trying to make his way across the street.

           EXT. OUTSIDE SUPERMARKET

           John is shooting the zombies that move too close to the van. 
           They're starting to encircle the van, and there's a swarm of 
           them approaching.

                                 JOHN
                        NOW! NOW!

           Two other men, RYAN and PAUL, come running out of the 
           supermarket with shopping carts loaded with whatever food 
           they could find.

           Both men are in their mid-twenties. Paul is early twenties, 
           has a slightly athletic build, with blond hair. His features 
           are slightly feminine- the sort of man you’d be more inclined 
           to describe as beautiful rather than handsome.

           Ryan is a young man of eighteen. He has multiple piercings, 
           and his dark hair is unkempt.  He’s good-looking, but in a 
           more earthy, masculine way than Paul is.

           The two men push their carts up a ramp into the van.

           John pulls himself down from the top of the van and enters 
           the van and pulls up the ramp.

           EXT. MIDDLE OF THE STREET

           Erik is blocked by the ever creeping zombie horde.
                                 ERIK
                        NO! WAIT FOR ME!

           EXT. OUTSIDE SUPERMARKET

           Emily hits the accelerator, and the van peels out of the 
           supermarket parking lot, mowing down zombies as it moves. 
           Some of the slightly faster zombies try to grab onto the van 
           as it drives by.

           It swerves into the middle of the street, not far from Erik.

                                 ERIK
                        HEY! OVER HERE!

           Emily can't hear him over the Zombies' constant MOANING. She 
           looks in her rear view mirror. In the exact spot where Erik 
           should be, no one can be seen.

           The van peels off. Zombies fall off of the van as it gains 
           speed. Erik chases after it for a bit, the van outpaces him.

           Erik stops. He hears a MOAN coming from below him. He looks 
           down. The same Legless Zombie from earlier is slowly crawling 
           in the direction of the van. Erik stares at it in disgust.

           Erik goes running back to the Berkshire Hospital Parking Lot.

           LEGLESS ZOMBIE continues crawling. Forty seconds later, Erik 
           drives by in the ambulance. As it passes, LEGLESS ZOMBIE 
           grabs the fender, and is dragged down the street after it.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. HIGHWAY

           Emily is driving the van at ninety miles an hour, navigating 
           her way through the clusters of zombies on the open road. She 
           swerves past the occasional abandoned car with great 
           dexterity, especially considering how dark it is.

           Suddenly, there is a THUMP, which rocks the van. 

                                 EMILY
                        No, no, no....

           The car swerves out of control. Sparks fly from the back rear 
           tire. Emily slams on the brakes, and the van decelerates with 
           a loud SCREECH.
           Zombies begin to shuffle toward the car. The four of them 
           look at each other. Paul nods, grabs the jack. John and Ryan 
           nod. They open the back door of the van, and Paul gets out. 

           As Paul begins to change the tire on the van, Ryan helps him 
           to see with a flashlight. John is attempting to pick off any 
           zombie that gets too close. 

           At that moment, Erik drives closer in the ambulance. Seeing 
           the humans, he turns on the ambulance lights and sirens. The 
           red and blue flashes make it possible for the humans to see a 
           bit in the darkness.

           And for the first time they see just how many zombies are out 
           there... it’s a horde, their skin alternately flashing blue 
           and red in the light. 

           The zombies are in no way distracted by the lights or the 
           siren. Their single-minded hunger doesn’t even let them 
           notice it in passing.

           Ryan is able to put away his flashlight and pull out his gun. 
           Paul bends down to examine the tire, he sees a mangled zombie 
           arm has gotten jammed in between the tire and the car axle.

           Suddenly, Paul is grabbed by a crawling, ONE-ARMED ZOMBIE’s 
           left (and only) arm. The zombie emerges from under the car, 
           attempting to bite Paul. Ryan quickly shoots the zombie in 
           the head, and it falls, inanimate.

                                 RYAN
                        Did he bite you?

                                 PAUL
                        No... he...

                                 RYAN
                        The fix the damn tire!

                                 PAUL
                        Right.

           Paul gets back to work, trying to dislodge the zombie arm.

           Meanwhile, Erik has a pile of dead zombies at his feet. Now 
           John can get a good look at the vampire is repelled by what 
           he sees. He fires at him.

                                 ERIK
                        Hey! Knock it off!

           Paul has finished repairing the tire. He, Ryan and John start 
           running back into the van, closing the door behind him.
                                 ERIK (CONT’D)
                        No. Wait! You don’t understand!

           The van peels out. As the van makes a left, Erik is able to 
           read some words spray-painted on the side, underneath a 
           floral pattern:  Warren St. Florists, then nods. 

           He enters the ambulance and drives.

           Amidst the hordes of zombies, Legless Zombie slowly crawls 
           his way after the two vehicles.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WARREN ST. FLORISTS- NIGHT

           Erik drives the ambulance into an urban street full of 
           storefronts. He sees the van in front of the store “Warren St
           Florists”, but it’s been abandoned. There are a few zombies 
           moving about, but not a large number.

           He peers into the window of the storefront. The inside of the 
           store is filled with dead, decaying flowers. It’s  been 
           wrecked, and a couple of zombies are walking about aimlessly. 

           He looks around and sees a manhole cover that’s slightly 
           ajar. Then he scans the neighborhood.

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           A warehouse completely surrounded by a chain link fence, 
           covered in razor wire. A large number of zombies claw at the 
           fence, but none of them can get past it.

           A constant level of MOANING can be heard as the zombies 
           struggle in vain against the fence. There are more zombies 
           congregating outside this building than any others.

           He waits for a moment, hesitant to enter. He puts on his 
           sunglasses, and does the best he can to disguise his 
           monstrous nature.

           He walks over to the fence. The zombies take no notice of 
           him. He moves back, makes a superhuman leap that lets him 
           over the fence. He lands very softly.

           He looks at the warehouse. No signs of movement. The windows 
           are boarded, and the doors are barricaded. A large garage 
           door is down.
           He touches the side of the wall, and starts climbing the wall 
           with his fingertips, evoking the image of a spider.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           When viewed from above, the ceiling of the warehouse has the 
           words "SAVE US!" painted in large red block letters.

           Erik climbs onto the roof, and looks around. The roof is 
           vacant, but there is a small doorway that must lead 
           downstairs. He walks over to the door.

           He touches the knob. It turns, and opens, revealing a 
           stairway. Erik goes to enter, but is rebounded by a mystical 
           force. He seems surprised, then laughs to himself.

                                 ERIK
                        Hello? Hello, down there?

           No response.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        I know you’re in there. And I know 
                        you must be scared. But I’m not 
                        here to hurt you. I was trying to 
                        save you back there.
                             (beat)
                        You can’t keep going on like this. 
                        It’s too dangerous. I can help you. 
                        I can get you food. I can... You 
                        need me.
                             (beat)
                        And I need you.

           FOOTSTEPS can be heard on the stairway. Emerging from the 
           stairway is John, Ryan, Paul, and MICHAEL. Everyone wields 
           firearms, except for Ryan, who has a flashlight.

           Michael is in his forties, with dark black hair that's just 
           starting to turn gray. He moves with a dominance which 
           immediately demonstrates that he’s the authority here.

           Erik moves into the shadows a bit.

                                 MICHAEL
                        No. Stay in the light where I can 
                        see you.

           Erik steps back out of the shadow.
                                 MICHAEL (CONT’D)
                        Take it off. Let me see you.

           Erik takes of his hat and sunglasses. He steps out of the 
           shadows.

           The four men react to the monstrous form in front of them. 
           John shoots. The bullet goes straight through Erik. It 
           doesn't do any damage, but it does cause him pain.

           The zombies below are riled up by the sound. The MOANING gets 
           louder.

                                 ERIK
                        OW! What the hell!!!

           Michael pushes John’s gun upwards before John can take 
           another shot.

                                 MICHAEL
                        What are you?

                                 ERIK
                        I'm a...

                                 RYAN
                        Vampire.

           Erik nods.

                                 ERIK
                        I want to make a deal.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE

           The inside of the warehouse has been turned into a shelter. 
           Shelves and large crates have been used to create barricades, 
           and makeshift furniture.

           The warehouse is lit through the use of a few flashlights and 
           other battery powered lighting implements.

           There are two stairwells. One leads to the roof, the other is 
           sealed off and leads down to a basement area.

           The sounds of the ZOMBIES MOANING can constantly be heard 
           faintly in the background.

           The primary advantage to this arrangement is the large open 
           space which provides few places for concealment.
           The only concession that's been made to privacy, are small 
           shanties made out of cardboard boxes. But most of the space 
           is a public area.

           Right now, a small group of human survivors have gathered 
           around.

           Michael appears to be leading the discussion. Emily listens 
           intently, while John looks on, outraged. Ryan hangs back, not 
           near anyone in particular.

           Paul has an arm protectively around his fraternal twin sister 
           SARAH. They have the same face, the beautiful features that 
           seemed somewhat attractive on Paul are absolutely 
           breathtaking when seen on Sarah. She looks on nervously.

           HAYLEY is a woman in her twenties, dressed with a grunge look- 
           ripped jeans, a tight t-shirt. Her hair is dyed a fading red, 
           and her blonde roots are beginning to show.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Michael... you're saying... there's 
                        a vampire on the roof? And he wants 
                        to come in?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Yes.

                                 HAYLEY
                        That's so hot.

                                 SARAH
                        Hayley! Are we really considering 
                        this?

                                 EMILY
                        Before that... vampires exist?

                                 RYAN
                        Zombies exist.

                                 EMILY
                        Right. Stupid question.

                                 JOHN
                        WE'RE DISCUSSING THIS? REALLY?

                                 MICHAEL
                        John.
                                 JOHN
                        No, I want to hear you say it. I 
                        want to hear you say that you're 
                        going to let a goddamned vampire 
                        into this warehouse and let him 
                        drink our blood.

                                 SARAH
                        Wait... what was that? He wants us 
                        to let him drink our blood?

                                 JOHN
                        Yes, Sarah. That's what that thing 
                        wants. He said as much.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We have to be rational here. 
                        Apparently, the vampire can't get 
                        inside unless we invite him in. So, 
                        we have some leverage.

                                 EMILY
                        Why in the world would we make a 
                        deal with him?

                                 RYAN
                        Why? Because he can bring us food, 
                        Emily. At no risk to us. And you 
                        know what? If letting a vampire 
                        drink a little bit of my blood 
                        means I don't have to make another 
                        run against those things out 
                        there...

                                 MICHAEL
                        Ryan's got a point. I'd rather have 
                        a vampire drinking my blood than 
                        risk getting bitten by the zombies.

                                 JOHN
                        No way any bloodsucker's drinking 
                        from me.

                                 PAUL
                        Fine. Then you make the food runs 
                        by yourself, John. Because  I'm 
                        done.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Paul.

           The zombies stop moaning. No one notices.
                                 RYAN
                        Seriously, people. Let's talk 
                        risk/benefit. We let the vampire 
                        drink from us...

                                 SARAH
                        Don't we become vampires if he 
                        bites us?

                                 MICHAEL
                        I asked. The short answer was no.

                                 RYAN
                        And he doesn't need to drain us 
                        dry, either. It'd be like giving 
                        blood at a blood drive.

                                 PAUL
                        Just eat a cookie after.

                                 RYAN
                        Exactly. And in return... we don't 
                        have to worry about running past 
                        the zombies. He can keep us safe.

                                 JOHN
                        If he doesn't kill us. What's to 
                        stop him from slaughtering us all 
                        the second he comes in here?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Because we'll regenerate blood as 
                        long as we're alive and fed. If he 
                        kills us, he eats for a day. If we 
                        live, he can eat forever.

                                 RYAN
                        I don't know if any of you have 
                        noticed, but there are more of 
                        those things out there everyday. 
                        Eventually, we're not going to be 
                        able to get out.

                                 SARAH
                        Hey! Listen!

           They all stop and listen. Something is riling up the zombies.

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           The group cautiously heads to the rooftops, armed to the 
           teeth. They look down to see Erik fighting a zombie over a 
           pile of zombie corpses.

           It's worth noting that the only zombie he's fighting is the 
           one he attacked. The other zombies have no sense of 
           community.

           Erik dispatches the zombie, knocking its head off with the 
           baseball bat. He looks up toward the roof, and sees the crowd 
           watching him.

           He waves to them. He stands amidst the zombies unharmed and 
           unbothered. In the distance, it can be seen that more zombies 
           are slowly advancing to the warehouse.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I say we put it to a vote. All in 
                        favor of making a deal with the 
                        vampire?

           Everyone in the group but John raises their hands. Some hands 
           are raised reluctantly, some assertively, but they are all 
           raised.

                                 JOHN
                        You're a bunch of idiots.

           Erik crawls back onto the rooftop, holding a small sack.

                                 ERIK
                        Well?

                                 MICHAEL
                        You feed us, we'll feed you.

           Michael points to the stairs.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Inside's off limits. No one's 
                        inviting you in. Fair enough?

           Erik nods.

           Everyone is staring at Erik. He looks at them quietly for a 
           few moments. In his hands is a large sack.

           He concentrates and hears the FRENETIC HEARTBEATS of the 
           crowd here. As he looks from person to person, they all look 
           uncomfortable.
           As he looks at Sarah, his brow furrows for a moment. He hears  
           TWO HEARTBEATS coming from her- one loud and healthy, the 
           other somewhat weaker and fainter. Paul puts his arm around 
           her protectively. Erik looks away.

           No one has any idea what to say to him.

                                 ERIK
                        I brought food. I'll bring it up.

           Michael nods.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Make a list of what supplies you 
                        need. I'll get them. Meanwhile, 
                        figure out who I'm feeding off of 
                        tonight. I don't care who it is. 
                        Just not her.

           Erik points to Sarah.

                                 SARAH
                        What? Why...?

           She stares at him, confused. He doesn't respond to her 
           question.

           He leaps away, hurriedly retreating into the night.

                                 JOHN
                        Oh yeah, I can't see us ever 
                        regretting this.

           The survivors quickly gather up the food.

                                 PAUL
                        Who... how do we decide?

           Everyone looks to Michael.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We'll draw lots.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Erik stands perfectly still on the rooftop. He looks at the 
           moon and the night sky.

           Emily and Michael walk up to the roof. Erik turns around to 
           face them.
                                 ERIK
                        You brought a gun?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Just in case you get carried away.

                                 ERIK
                        I swear I'll only take as much as I 
                        need.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Still.

           Erik nods.

                                 EMILY
                        So how do we... do this?

           The situation is just as uncomfortable for Erik as it is for 
           Emily and Michael.

                                 ERIK
                        Turn around.

           Emily turns around, as Michael uncomfortably watches. Erik 
           puts his hands on the sides of her shoulders. She shudders at 
           the touch.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Tilt your neck.

           Shaking, Emily does so. Erik leans toward the side of her 
           neck and gently bites. Emily MOANS as if in a little pain.

           Erik continues to drink,  Emily's MOANS begin to sound sexual 
           in nature. She's enjoying this. Slowly, Erik releases himself 
           from the side of her neck.

                                 EMILY
                        More.

           Emily is a little woozy from the loss of blood.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Emily!

           Michael moves forward to steady her. Emily seems embarrassed.

                                 EMILY
                        I'm sorry, I...

                                 MICHAEL
                        Are you ok?
                                 EMILY
                        I'm fine. It, uh, didn't hurt.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I can see that.

           Erik watches them.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Why are you still here? You've 
                        gotten what you came here for.

           Erik stares for a moment.

                                 ERIK
                        The list.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Right.

           Michael puts his hand in his pocket and produces a small 
           piece of paper. Erik takes it from him, and Michael shrinks 
           from the brief contact.

                                 ERIK
                        I'll be back tomorrow.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. SUPERMARKET

           An abandoned supermarket with aimless, wandering zombies. 
           Erik pushes a shopping cart up and down the aisle, holding 
           his list in his hand.

           He moves up and down the aisles. He travels into the produce 
           aisle, which is filled with rotting fruits and vegetables. 
           Thick swarms of flies move from the rotten food to the 
           zombies.

           Zombies stand amidst a thoroughly ransacked meat section. One 
           of the zombies is clutching a chicken drumstick in his right 
           hand, desperate to find some scrap of meat on it.

           Erik looks at the list and sees the word "garlic". He frowns, 
           then picks up some cloves of garlic and puts it in the cart. 
           He pulls out a pen, and crosses out the word "garlic".

           He pushes the cart to the next aisle. He looks on the list 
           and sees the item "toilet paper". He looks at the various 
           brands, utterly baffled as to what brand to get.
           A zombie mindlessly pushes a shopping cart past him. Erik 
           sees a brand of toilet paper in the cart. He shrugs, reaches 
           into the cart, and takes the toilet paper for his own cart.

           Erik crosses the word off the list with the pen. He keeps 
           shopping.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Erik has brought a large number of bags to the roof. He 
           begins to unpack food and supplies. Most of the food is in 
           canned form.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Thank you.

           Erik nods. Sarah approaches Erik.

                                 SARAH
                        Vampire.

           Erik turns and faces Sarah. She is nervous.

                                 ERIK
                        My name is Erik.

                                 SARAH
                        Ok. Erik. Is there something... 
                        wrong with me? I haven't... I mean, 
                        I'm not infected or anything, 
                        right?

           Erik takes something out of the shopping bag and hands it to 
           her. She looks at it. It's a home pregnancy test. She stares 
           at it, dumbfounded.

           She stands in shock for a few seconds, then quickly runs 
           downstairs, her eyes pooling with tears.

           Erik watches her go, then turns his attention back to passing 
           out the supplies. He places some ammunition down, which 
           Michael and John use to reload their guns.

           Erik also pulls out a large case of batteries, some books, 
           board games, and other items of minor entertainment. As he 
           does so, Hayley approaches him.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Did you get them?

           He hands a CD-man and some CDs to Hayley.
                                 ERIK
                        I wasn't sure they still made 
                        these.

                                 HAYLEY
                        You're the best! I was going out of 
                        my mind!

           Hayley joyfully takes the items, and bounces away.

           Erik tosses the garlic to John, who catches it.

                                 ERIK
                        It doesn't affect me, if that's 
                        what you're wondering.

                                 JOHN
                        I don't know what you're talking 
                        about.

           John puts his free hand in his pocket, and walks away.

           Erik continues to pass out food. When he's done, everyone is 
           as far away from him as they can be. Erik looks to Michael.

           Michael approaches Erik.

                                 ERIK
                             (whispering)
                        I'm hungry.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Of course.

           Michael walks away.

                                 ERIK
                        Michael.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Yes?

                                 ERIK
                        I don't like it when people watch 
                        me eat.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Michael and Ryan walk up onto the roof. From the landing, 
           Michael calls out.
                                 MICHAEL
                        Seven minutes. Then I come back 
                        out.

           Michael walks down the stairway. Ryan steps out onto the roof 
           to a waiting Erik.

                                 RYAN
                        Hey.

           Erik nods. Ryan slowly walks toward Erik, but he's exhibiting 
           nervous behavior.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        This is... kind of gay, you know?

                                 ERIK
                        When I first turned, it used to 
                        bother me. But it all tastes the 
                        same.

                                 RYAN
                        When were you first turned?

                                 ERIK

                                 RYAN
                        So, you're a young vampire?

                                 ERIK
                        By immortal standards, yes.

                                 RYAN
                        Why did you do it? You know? Become 
                        a...

                                 ERIK
                        I wasn't given a choice.

                                 RYAN
                        Oh.
                             (hesitant)
                        You're sure I'm not going to become 
                        like you, right?

                                 ERIK
                        If just a bite turned people into 
                        vampires, there would have been a 
                        vampiric plague long before there 
                        was a zombie one.

                                 RYAN
                        Right.
                                 ERIK
                        Besides... there's not enough of 
                        you to share.

                                 RYAN
                        You're a creepy dude.

                                 ERIK
                        Any other questions?

                                 RYAN
                        Yeah.

           Ryan looks over the side of the roof at the zombies below. 
           The sounds of the MOANS has gotten louder.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        Where did they come from?

                                 ERIK
                        Why would I know?

                                 RYAN
                        I figured, you're supernatural; 
                        they're supernatural.

                                 ERIK
                        I'm dead; they're dead.

                                 RYAN
                        Something like that.

                                 ERIK
                        I have no idea.

           Erik comes up behind Ryan, who trembles nervously. He bites 
           down. Ryan's MOANS merge with the sounds of the zombies.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- A FEW WEEKS LATER

           The group has gotten together. Almost everyone has small 
           scars on the side of their necks, aside from John and Sarah. 
           Sarah's pregnancy is beginning to show.

           Hayley's hair is now completely blonde.

                                 MICHAEL
                        It's your turn tonight.

                                 JOHN
                        The hell it is.
                                 MICHAEL
                        John, we've all done it...

                                 JOHN
                        I'm not drinking the Kool-Aid, ok?
                        And the vampire's not drinking my 
                        Kool-Aid, either.

                                 EMILY
                        It actually feels kind of good.

                                 JOHN
                        Then you do it again. He doesn't 
                        get to tap this.

           John points to his neck.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Erik doesn't eat; you don't eat. 
                        Simple as that.

                                 JOHN
                        You're calling this thing by a NAME 
                        now? Do you even see what's 
                        happening to you?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We've gone three weeks without any 
                        of us dying. THAT'S what happened.

                                 JOHN
                        Uh-huh. You're this things' slaves.

                                 EMILY
                        Look, Michael, if he doesn't want 
                        to... I could go again.

                                 MICHAEL
                        No. Everyone contributes. Everyone 
                        who can.

           Michael glances at Sarah.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        I'm serious, John. You don't do 
                        this, you don't eat. You don't do 
                        this, you can leave.

           John turns his head from Michael and looks at the wall.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Tonight.
           Michael walks away.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           John walks out onto the warehouse roof. Erik is waiting for 
           him.

                                 JOHN
                        You're enjoying this, aren't you?

           Erik says nothing. John turns his back on Erik, and puts his 
           hand in his pocket.

                                 JOHN (CONT'D)
                        Yeah, well enjoy it while you can, 
                        because they're going to see the 
                        truth about you one day.

           Erik moves behind John to feed off of him. John pulls a wood-
           carved crucifix out of his pocket and pushes it onto Erik's 
           face.

           Erik SCREAMS in pain, staggering around blindly. John pulls 
           out a gun and shoots Erik, causing him to fall to the ground. 
           The zombies HOWL from below.

           John pulls out a knife and starts slicing at Erik, the 
           crucifix in his hand.

                                 JOHN (CONT'D)
                        The stake through the heart thing 
                        seemed kind of hard. But I figure a 
                        decapitation will do the trick, 
                        huh, vampire?

           Michael, Ryan, Paul, and Emily run upstairs armed with guns. 
           Erik is desperately pushing John away from him. As John is 
           aiming at his neck, he turns to the group.

                                 JOHN (CONT'D)
                        SHOOT HIM! He's stronger than I am.

                                 PAUL
                        Michael?

                                 MICHAEL
                             (to the others)
                        Stay back!

           Michael starts moving forward.
                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        I need a clear shot!

           John nods, and moves away from Erik. Michael aims his gun and 
           shoots John in the head.

           John falls to the ground. Paul, Ryan, and Emily are 
           horrified. Even Erik is surprised.

                                 EMILY
                        Michael?

                                 RYAN
                        Jesus, Mike.

           Michael walks toward Erik and helps him up. Paul goes over to 
           John and checks his vitals.

                                 MICHAEL
                        You ok?

                                 ERIK
                        Why?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We need you more than we need him.

                                 PAUL
                        He's dead. You killed him.

           Michael looks at Paul.

                                 PAUL (CONT'D)
                        You couldn't have just wounded him? 
                        What the hell's wrong with you?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Anybody here want to be in charge, 
                        huh? You think this is easy?

           No one says anything. Michael nods.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Right. Now get downstairs.

                                 RYAN
                        We need to... take care of the 
                        body.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We will.

           Michael turns to face Erik.
                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Don't waste the blood.

           Michael walks downstairs. Ryan, Paul, and Emily follow, 
           disturbed by the scene they just saw.

           When they're gone, Erik heads over to the body and feeds.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET- DAY

           From the warehouse exterior, the street has filled with more 
           and more zombies, who shuffle around. A large horde of them 
           surround the warehouse, relentlessly frustrated by the barbed 
           wire fence.

           But further down the street, the zombies are wandering 
           aimlessly near an open manhole. One of the zombies gets too 
           near the manhole, and falls in. Thirty seconds later, another 
           one falls in also.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           Every one sits throughout the warehouse. Some people play 
           board games; others read books.

           Ryan sits with a sketch pad and draws a fairly good 
           representation of Sarah and Paul, who sit in a corner 
           together. Sarah's belly is much bigger now, she's in her 
           fifth month of the pregnancy.

           Hayley is walking about, listening to her CD-man. She moves 
           rhythmically, almost dancing. Her hair is completely blonde 
           now.

           Emily sits by a ham radio, listening for sounds, occasionally 
           reaching for the microphone and broadcasting a signal. It's 
           clear from her expression that she's going through the 
           motions, and not even a little hopeful of making contact.

           Michael walks around the warehouse, keeping watch on 
           everyone.

           Paul stands up from the corner, and walks to Michael.

                                 PAUL
                        Can we talk?

           Michael nods.
                                 PAUL (CONT'D)
                        My sister’s scared. I'm scared.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Women have given birth before 
                        modern medicine. Erik will bring us 
                        what supplies we can. She'll be 
                        fine.

                                 PAUL
                        It's not that. Every day there are 
                        more zombies out there... Erik 
                        doesn't even bother destroying them 
                        anymore. What are we going to do 
                        with a baby, huh?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We'll handle it. And you'll have 
                        help.

                                 PAUL
                        This place isn't safe. Something's 
                        going to happen, sooner or later...

                                 MICHAEL
                        We need to make it through to 
                        winter. See if a season of bad 
                        weather makes these things fall 
                        apart. In the meanwhile... you've 
                        just got to hold it together.

           As Hayley moves around the warehouse, she moves near the 
           basement entrance. Some soft MOANS come from below, but she 
           doesn't hear them due to the CD-Man.

           Emerging from the basement stairway are a trio of zombies. 
           One of them grabs her. She SCREAMS.

                                 EMILY
                        They're coming in from below!

           People scramble into position, grabbing their weapons... 
           guns, baseball bats, knives-  whatever they can find. The 
           zombies are quickly dispatched.

           Ryan barricades the basement stairway with furniture.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Did IT bite you?

           Hayley is crying hysterically. Michael points his gun at her. 
           Her eyes grow wide and she gets quiet and scared.
                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        HEY! You tell me! Did it bite you?

           She shakes her head no.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Turn around.

                                 RYAN
                        Mike, calm down.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I'll calm down, when I see her turn 
                        around.

           Hayley turns around. There is no sign of any wounds from the 
           zombies.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        So how the hell did the zombies get 
                        down there? Huh? Which one of you 
                        idiots left a manhole open?

                                 RYAN
                        Mike... you're scaring people.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I'M scaring people? There are 
                        zombies in the basement, and you're 
                        scared of me?

           Michael exhales and puts the gun down.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        You NEVER let your guard down. No 
                        one EVER lets their guard down. Do 
                        you all hear me?

                                 PAUL
                        Easy, Michael. Cool down.

           Michael rubs his eyes.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I'm trying so damn hard to keep you 
                        all alive, but it's like you won't 
                        let me.

           He looks up, and sees that everyone is staring at him.

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Erik is standing on the roof. Michael approaches him from the 
           landing.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Erik... would you like to stay
                        with us?

                                 ERIK
                        I... yes. I would like that very 
                        much.

           Michael starts to walk back down the landing, and gestures to 
           Erik to follow.

           Erik walks to the entrance of the stairway. He starts to move 
           in, with some trepidation. There is no resistance... the 
           force that blocked him has been removed.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Erik enters the warehouse. Everyone seems much less 
           frightened of him, although there is still some concern and 
           suspicion from the group.

                                 ERIK
                        You're sure about this?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We're safer with you here to 
                        protect us.

           Michael looks Erik in the eyes.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        And when it comes down to it... I 
                        know it's in your best interest to 
                        keep us alive. And that means I can 
                        trust you a little.

                                 ERIK
                        Thank you. I think.

                                 MICHAEL
                        When you get a chance... some 
                        zombies have broken into the 
                        basement...

                                 ERIK
                        I'll take care of it.
           Erik goes to sit in an unclaimed corner. Michael nods, and 
           walks away.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE

           Erik sits in a corner of the warehouse, watching people as 
           they interact. Occasionally someone looks at him, but it's a 
           casual glance, and they look away.

           Emily is staring at Erik a little more intently. He turns and 
           looks at her. She smiles, blushes, and looks away.

           Ryan is sketching an image of the zombie crowd. Erik steps 
           behind him and looks at his sketch pad.

                                 ERIK
                        You're good.

                                 RYAN
                             (gallows humor)
                        Good? I'm the greatest living 
                        artist in the world.

                                 ERIK
                        Why are you drawing them?

                                 RYAN
                        Ran out of people to draw.

           Ryan is completely absorbed in the sketch pad. Erik watches a 
           few moments.

                                 ERIK
                        Have you sketched me?

           Ryan looks up at him. Erik looks away.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        It's just... I've never seen...

           Ryan nods. Erik makes a small embarrassed gesture.

           Hesitantly, Ryan flips through some pages in his sketch pad, 
           and comes across a sketch of Erik which looks perhaps 
           slightly more monstrous than Erik normally looks.

           Erik gazes at the picture. Reflexively, he touches his face 
           as he looks at the drawing.

                                 RYAN
                        You're not...
           Erik looks at Ryan.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                             (lamely)
                        The picture makes it look worse 
                        than it is.

                                 ERIK
                        Can I have this?

           Ryan nods. Erik reaches into his sidebag and pulls out his 
           scrapbook. As he turns the pages, Ryan sees a small black and 
           white photograph of Erik before he became a vampire. He was 
           good looking, with an easy, affable smile. Near him is the 
           young woman we saw earlier in the wedding photo.

           He hands the photo to Ryan.

                                 RYAN
                        This was you?

           Erik nods. 

                                 ERIK
                        About a month before I was turned. 
                        It's funny, when I think of 
                        myself... I still look like this. 
                        Up here.

                                 RYAN
                        Who was she?

                                 ERIK
                        My wife.

                                 RYAN
                        You had children?

                                 ERIK
                        One.

                                 RYAN
                        Any pictures?

                                 ERIK
                        No.
                             (beat)
                        I was gone by the time he was born.

                                 RYAN
                        Gone?

                                 ERIK
                        Dead.
                                 RYAN
                        Oh.

           Erik files the picture of himself into the scrapbook, on the 
           page opposite Anna’s death certificate.

                                 RYAN (CONT’D)
                        Anna Karic.

                                 ERIK
                        My granddaughter.

                                 RYAN
                        I'm sorry.

           Erik doesn’t respond to that.

                                 RYAN (CONT’D)
                        Do you.. do you miss them?

           A long moment.

                                 ERIK
                        They were my real immortality.

           From across the room, Hayley steals a glance at Ryan. Ryan 
           pretends not to notice, and goes back to his drawing. She 
           looks away.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        I think she likes you.

                                 RYAN
                        Maybe.

           Ryan keeps drawing.

                                 ERIK
                        And you like her.

           Ryan shrugs his shoulders. Erik picks up a spare sketch pad. 
           Easily seventy percent of the drawings are of Hayley.

                                 RYAN
                        Ok, fine.

                                 ERIK
                        So do something about it.

                                 RYAN
                        She's just going to die. We all 
                        are. And then either she mourns me, 
                        or I mourn her. No thanks.
           A long moment passes.

                                 ERIK
                        That's the stupidest thing I've 
                        ever heard.

           Startled, Ryan laughs.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Get your ass over there.

           Ryan smiles, stands up and walks over to Hayley. Hayley 
           smiles at him, and the two start talking.

           Erik watches. His eyes flicker over to Sarah for a moment.  
           She catches his gaze, and he looks away, embarrassed to have 
           been caught so easily.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- DAY- FALL

           Outside, the tree leaves have turned reddish brown. The 
           zombies are still standing.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           People are passing the time. Erik sits by himself, reading a 
           book (possibly "Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked 
           Witch of the West" by Gregory Maguire.)  He holds the book 
           very carefully, cautious that his clawlike hands might shred 
           the book.

           Ryan and Hayley are kissing in a corner.

           Michael is doing inspection and maintenance on the weaponry.

           Paul is desperately reading medical books about natural child-
           birth and delivery.

           Emily and a very pregnant Sarah have pulled out a board game, 
           and are beginning to set up. Sarah shyly approaches Erik.

                                 SARAH
                        Hey.

           Erik looks up from his book.
                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Emily and I are going to play 
                        Monopoly. Do you want to...

           She trails off. He stares at her for a moment.

                                 ERIK
                        I want to be the wheelbarrow.

           She smiles. He carefully puts the book down, sliding a 
           bookmark in to keep his place.

                                 SARAH
                        Fair enough.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY- LATER

           The Monopoly game is in progress. Erik, Sarah, and Emily sit 
           around the board. A pair of dice are in Emily's hand. She 
           rolls, then moves her token (the dog.)

                                 EMILY
                        Just visiting you in jail, Sarah.

                                 SARAH
                        Slip me a cake with a nail file, 
                        will you?

                                 ERIK
                        It's funny. During World War II, 
                        the British Government released 
                        editions of Monopoly with maps and 
                        real money hidden in them.

                                 EMILY
                        Really?

           Erik nods.

                                 ERIK
                        They sent them to prisons, to help 
                        captured soldiers escape.

                                 SARAH
                        Were you... there?

           Erik hesitates.

                                 ERIK
                        No.
                             (embarrassed)
                                 (MORE)
                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        I read that on Wikipedia. I don't 
                        even know if it's true.

           Emily and Sarah laugh. Erik smiles. Suddenly, Sarah's 
           laughter takes on a slightly hysterical edge to it, and her 
           eyes begin to pool.

                                 EMILY
                        Sarah?

                                 SARAH
                        Hormones. It's stupid.

                                 EMILY
                        It's ok. It's going to be ok.

                                 SARAH
                        What if it's not? God, I saw so 
                        many zombie movies as a kid... 
                        there was this one, with a woman, 
                        she was pregnant... and then she 
                        gave birth to a zombie baby.

                                 ERIK
                        That sounds really dumb.

           Sarah laughs, even as she cries. Emily hugs her.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Your baby is fine.

                                 SARAH
                        You promise?

                                 ERIK
                        I can hear its heart beating. 
                        Strong, healthy.

           Sarah exhales, and relaxes.

                                 SARAH
                        Thank you.

                                 EMILY
                        Your turn, Erik.

           Erik picks up the dice and throws them. He moves his 
           wheelbarrow to community chest. He takes a card. He reads it: 
           "You have won second prize in a beauty contest– collect $10."

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- LATER THAT NIGHT

           Rain water collects and pours into a drain on the roof.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           A pipe designed to drain water from the roof collects rain 
           water into one of several open coolers.

           The Monopoly board is still out. Sarah is sleeping by the 
           board. Paul has also fallen asleep, a copy of the medical 
           books in his hand. In the background, Ryan and Hayley are 
           cuddling together as Michael keeps a vigil.

           Everyone is asleep, except for Emily and Erik. He is feeding 
           off her, as she quietly moans with her eyes closed. 

                                 EMILY
                        Mmm?

                                 ERIK
                        Time to change the cooler.

                                 EMILY
                        Oh.

           Emily falls back asleep.

           Erik pulls the near full cooler out from under the pipe, and 
           replaces it with an empty one.

           Suddenly there's a flash of lightning, followed almost 
           immediately by a LOUD RUMBLE OF THUNDER. Sarah wakes up with 
           a start. Erik looks at her.

                                 SARAH
                        Lightning freaks me out. After 
                        everything else that's happened, 
                        I'm still scared of it. Dumb, huh?

                                 ERIK
                        It's not dumb.

           Another lightning flash, again followed by a RUMBLE OF 
           THUNDER. Sarah flinches again.

                                 SARAH
                        I always thought that God sent down 
                        lightning whenever He was angry.
                                 ERIK
                        A lot of people thought that.

                                 SARAH
                        Yeah? Then what does it mean when 
                        He sends out a plague of zombies? 
                        He must be really pissed.

                                 ERIK
                        Don't say that. Those zombies have 
                        nothing to do with God.

                                 SARAH
                        I know. Because there is no God.

           She touches her stomach.

                                 SARAH (CONT’D)
                        Wouldn’t it be better to not be 
                        born at all? The way things are 
                        now?

           Erik looks at her. These aren’t the words of a hysterical 
           pregnant woman. This is someone who has lost all hope. The 
           pain is palpable on her face.

           He reaches into his side bag and pulls out the shirt from 
           earlier. He unwraps the shirt exposing the cross. Sarah 
           watches, not sure what he’s trying to tell her.

           Erik closes his eyes, and slams his claw down onto the 
           crucifix. His hand begins to smoke and catch fire, and he 
           pulls his hand away from it, batting out the flames.

                                 ERIK
                        There is a God. 

           Sarah grabs Erik’s burned hand, which contains a small 
           impression of the cross. Sarah looks at him for a long 
           moment. He looks away.

           A third bolt of lightning, followed by a PEAL OF THUNDER. 
           Sarah flinches.

                                 SARAH
                        Even when I know it's coming.

                                 ERIK
                        Anything I can do?

           She nods. She takes his hand in hers, and pulls him to the 
           side of a crate. She sits down, pulling him with her.
                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        Sarah?

                                 SARAH
                        Just... put your arm around me, ok?

           He does so. She closes her eyes and leans back. Another bolt 
           of lightning and RUMBLE OF THUNDER. She doesn't flinch this 
           time. They sit quietly for a few moments, occasionally 
           interrupted by the NOISE OF THE STORM.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- DAY- LATE FALL

           Now, the trees are bare. Even more zombies stand outside the 
           warehouse, some in the same relative position they were in 
           months ago.

           It begins to gently snow. Suddenly, SARAH'S SCREAMS fill the 
           area.

           There is an instant effect on the zombies, who are moving 
           faster now, frenzying against the fence.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           A large crowd is gathered around Sarah, who is in the throws 
           of labor, SCREAMING. Hayley is holding hands with Ryan, and 
           standing near Erik.

           Several medical supplies have been brought in by Erik from 
           nearby medical offices. Everything the survivors thought they 
           might need to deliver a baby has been brought here.

           Michael is peeking out of a window. Paul is delivering the 
           baby, while Emily feeds Sarah ice chips.

                                 MICHAEL
                             (quietly)
                        They're going nuts out there. We 
                        should have sound-proofed.

                                 RYAN
                        We'll need to do that once the baby 
                        comes. The crying...

           Michael nods. Sarah SCREAMS again. Hayley tugs on Erik's 
           sleeve. He turns to look at her.
                                 HAYLEY
                             (whispering)
                        Next time you go out... condoms?

           Erik nods.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           The zombies are frenzying. A massive swarm of Zombies are 
           pushing against the fence. While, some zombies are getting 
           sliced apart by the razor wire, the pressure is causing the 
           fence to give.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           Michael looks away from the fence.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We're going to lose the fence.

                                 RYAN
                        What can we do about it?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Erik?

           Erik shakes his head.

                                 ERIK
                        Sunset is an hour or so away. And 
                        even if it wasn't... I couldn't 
                        kill enough of them. It'd be like 
                        spitting in the ocean.

           Sarah screams again.

                                 RYAN
                        If one of us... made a run for it. 
                        The zombies would chase that one... 
                        we could lure them away from the 
                        building.

                                 MICHAEL
                        And what happens to that one?
                                 RYAN
                        Well, if all goes well... they hold 
                        out somewhere until Erik can go 
                        rescue them.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I hate this plan.

                                 RYAN
                        Or we give up the fence, and we 
                        trust that the warehouse can hold 
                        the zombies off.

           Michael frowns.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Who's going to run for it?

                                 RYAN
                        My plan. My risk.

                                 HAYLEY
                        No!

                                 RYAN
                        For the baby, Hayley. I'll be ok... 
                        I'll just keep running.

           Ryan gives her a kiss. Then he and Erik head downstairs to 
           the basement.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. SEWERS

           A dark, dank sewer tunnel.

           Erik is leading Ryan through the sewer. Occasional streams of 
           sunlight come in from above, that Erik cautiously avoids. 
           Ryan holds a baseball bat in his hand, on alert for any 
           zombies.

           Above, the shadows of shuffling zombie feet occasionally 
           interrupt the sunlight. There is a great deal of MOANING 
           coming from above.

           Up ahead is a manhole. Erik stops, and Ryan looks at it 
           nervously.

                                 ERIK
                        This is it.
                                 RYAN
                        No one's up there now, right? I 
                        mean, they're all swarming the 
                        warehouse.

           Ryan begins to shake.

                                 ERIK
                        I think so. You're sure about this?

                                 RYAN
                        No. How long until sundown?

                                 ERIK
                        Less than an hour, I hope.

           Ryan takes a deep breath, to stop himself from shaking. He 
           climbs up the ladder. He quickly pushes the manhole cover 
           aside, causing sunlight to stream into the sewers.

           Erik recoils from the light. Ryan scoots up the ladder.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET

           Ryan pulls himself up from the sewer. He looks ahead at the 
           hordes of zombie swarming around the warehouse. The fence is 
           shaking precariously.

           He looks at the sun. It'll be quite some time before it sets.

                                 RYAN
                        HEY!

           The frenzied zombies stop moving. Slowly, they turn around to 
           face him.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        Oh, boy.
                             (yelling)
                        WHO HERE LIKES FAST FOOD?

           The zombies turn and start shambling toward Ryan.

                                 RYAN (CONT’D)
                        THAT'S RIGHT! THIS WAY!

           Ryan continues to shout.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. WAREHOUSE- SUNSET

           Michael is watching through binoculars. Hayley stands by him 
           nervously.

                                 MICHAEL
                        It's working. They're following 
                        him.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Oh, God.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET

           Ryan is still taunting the zombies to come closer. What he 
           doesn't see is that the Legless Zombie is slowly sliding 
           toward him from behind.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- SUNSET

           Although Sarah’s LABORED BREATHING is heard in the 
           background, Michael continues to look through the binoculars.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Shit.

                                 HAYLEY
                        What? WHAT!

           Hayley grabs the binoculars from Michael. She GASPS.

                                 HAYLEY (CONT'D)
                        Turn around. Come on, turn around!

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET

           Ryan continues to taunt the zombies. Suddenly he makes a 
           STARTLED SOUND. He looks down to see that the LEGLESS ZOMBIE 
           has grabbed onto his ankle.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. SEWERS

           Erik looks up, hearing Ryan's cry.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. MAIN STREET

           Ryan is panicking. He uses a baseball bat to continually hit 
           the Legless Zombie away. He can't dislodge the Legless 
           Zombie, and it's taking all his energy to keep it from biting 
           him.

           Meanwhile, the Zombie horde is getting every closer. Ryan 
           finally dislodges the Legless Zombie to find that he's being 
           surrounded.

           Ryan reaches into his pocket and pulls out his handgun. He 
           picks it up and moves it toward his mouth, shaking.

           Suddenly Erik SCREAMS loudly. Ryan and many of the zombies 
           turn to look.

           EXT. MAIN STREET- NEAR MANHOLE ENTRANCE

           Erik stands before the setting sun, flames burning him. He 
           starts running toward Ryan, and grabs him with a free arm.

           Erik leaps to the side of a building, desperate to get in the 
           shade, out of the sun. The zombies follow, hoping to grab a 
           hold of Ryan.

           The Zombies SCREAM in concert with Erik's pain-filled 
           screams.

           Erik scuttles up the side of a building, and finds cover  
           under an awning. The fire covering Erik's body goes out.

           Ryan is by his side. Erik is still in pain, a charred mess. 
           Ryan hangs from Erik's arm, suspended over a mob of zombies.

                                 RYAN
                        Erik? You doing ok?

                                 ERIK
                        Been better. Give me a minute.

           He takes Ryan hands precariously. Erik exits from under the 
           awning, and catches fire again. He scuttles up to the top of 
           the roof, pulling Ryan up with him.
           Erik immediately runs for shady cover, finding a small  
           amount of cover from the sun in the shade of an open 
           stairway, like the one atop the warehouse.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

                                 MICHAEL
                        Well?

                                 HAYLEY
                        I can’t see them.

           Suddenly, a baby CRIES.   Hayley and Michael turn to see 
           Emily cleaning the blood-covered baby.  Paul stands there in 
           shock, his hands covered in blood.

                                 PAUL
                        Michael... there’s a tear.   I need 
                        your help.

           Michael and Hayley come running over.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. MAIN STREET- NEAR MANHOLE ENTRANCE- SHADED

           Ryan moves over towards Erik, who is a blackened mess.

                                 RYAN
                        Erik. You ok, man?

           Erik finds it difficult to respond. Ryan move close to Erik, 
           and puts Erik in a position where Erik can feed off of him. 
           Erik begins to drink, and as he does, his burns heal.

           When Erik is partially healed, he moves off of Ryan and 
           collapses to the ground. Both lie on the steps, exhausted.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Erik and Ryan reenter the warehouse. Hayley runs over to hug 
           Ryan, tears in her eyes. Everyone stands around sober.
                                 ERIK
                        What happened?

                                 EMILY
                        She's dead.

                                 RYAN
                        Oh no.

           Erik walks over to where Sarah is lying down. Paul is besides 
           himself with grief. Sarah is dead. Her skin is pale white 
           from the blood loss, a similar skin tone to Erik.

           Erik just stares at her lifeless body.  He can’t look away.

           Hayley is holding the baby, rocking it gently. The baby is 
           asleep, and breathing comfortably.

                                 PAUL
                        I must have done something wrong. 
                        I...

                                 EMILY
                        Shhh... it's not your fault.

           Paul turns to Emily. He collapses in her arms.

                                 RYAN
                        Erik's going to need more blood if 
                        he's going to heal in time to get 
                        us some soundproofing.

                                 MICHAEL
                        He'll have it.

           Michael's eyes go to Sarah's corpse.

                                 PAUL
                        What was that?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Paul. She doesn't need it anymore.

                                 PAUL
                        No way.

                                 EMILY
                        Michael. Come on!

                                 PAUL
                        No way in hell he's taking her.

           Everyone looks horrified at Michael's suggestion.
           Michael's eyes narrow.

                                 MICHAEL
                             (with a dark intensity)
                        Go to the other side of the room. 
                        Now.

           Something in Michael's tone immediately silences Paul. Emily 
           grabs Paul by the arm, and leads him away. Michael turns to 
           Erik.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        Drink.

           Erik is hesitant. He looks at Paul across the room.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT’D)
                        DRINK!

           He kneels by Sarah's body. Her hair is a mess, and he gently 
           brushed it neatly aside. He moves her neck to the side and 
           drinks. No one, except Michael, is comfortable with this.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- WINTER

           Snow is falling. The zombies are covered in snow.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- LATE WINTER- NIGHT

           The snow has changed to rain. The zombies are still intact.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- SPRING- DAY

           The trees are beginning to bloom again. The snow is gone. The 
           zombies are still standing, perfectly intact.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE

           The group is still in the warehouse. A crib has been set up 
           in the middle of the building.
           LITTLE SARAH, a cute little infant of a few months is lying 
           on her tummy, as Paul watches her.

           Emily is sitting by the warehouse ham radio. She's reading a 
           book, having long since given up on hearing anything. Which 
           is why she's surprised when she actually hears a voice.

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        This is a live broadcast. Is anyone 
                        out there?

                                 EMILY
                        HEY!

           People look over.

                                 EMILY (CONT'D)
                        I HEAR SOMEONE!

           Everyone comes rushing over. Paul picks up Little Sarah who 
           looks on oblivious.

                                 EMILY (CONT'D)
                        Hello? Who is this?

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Oh God, I can't believe we found 
                        someone!

                                 EMILY
                        We? You mean there's a group of 
                        you?

                                 VINCENT
                        About three dozen strong. How about 
                        you?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Emily...

                                 EMILY
                        Half a dozen.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Emily... stop!

                                 RYAN
                        What?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We don't know anything about these 
                        people!
                                 EMILY
                        So what? I should say nothing?

                                 MICHAEL
                        That's right.

                                 RYAN
                        Michael, this is what we've been 
                        waiting for. Three dozen people? 
                        With us... I mean... that's a whole 
                        community!

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Where are you guys?

                                 EMILY
                        We're...

                                 MICHAEL
                        What's wrong with you?

                                 PAUL
                        Michael, this is our chance to get 
                        out of here.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Just listen to me! Listen! What 
                        kind of people survived this? Huh? 
                        Killers. People who made the hard 
                        choices they needed to make in 
                        order to survive.

                                 HAYLEY
                        People like us.

                                 MICHAEL
                        You're all so stupid. Are you 
                        really going to tell these people 
                        where we are?

                                 EMILY
                        What are they going to do? Steal 
                        our precious belongings?

                                 MICHAEL
                        Emily. You need to trust me.

                                 EMILY
                        Screw you.

           Emily picks up the microphone.
                                 EMILY (CONT'D)
                        Look, we need help. We're in a 
                        warehouse, and we're surrounded.

           Michael picks up the radio.

                                 PAUL
                        Michael!

           Erik moves to stop Michael. But before he can, Michael throws 
           the radio across the room. Little Sarah starts to CRY loudly.

                                 EMILY
                        What the HELL, Michael?

           Paul moves Little Sarah away from the rest of the group, 
           attempting to calm her down while Michael struggles to get 
           out of Erik's grasp.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I'm the one whose been keeping you 
                        safe. ME! And I'm not going to let 
                        you throw this all away.

           You all think things are going to go back to the way they 
           were. They can NEVER go back. NEVER. The only people we can 
           trust are the people in this room.

                                 HAYLEY
                        So that's it? The rest of our lives 
                        in this crappy warehouse.

           Michael looks at her disgustedly, and walks away.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Ryan, Emily, and Hayley walk over to Erik.

                                 RYAN
                        Erik, you got a second, man?

           Erik nods. The three humans are perfectly comfortable around 
           him now.

                                 EMILY
                        We need you to talk to Michael.

                                 ERIK
                        Why?
                                 HAYLEY
                        Because he's losing his mind, and 
                        we think he's about ready to snap.

                                 ERIK
                        He's stressed, but he's not crazy.

                                 RYAN
                        I'm not so sure anymore.

                                 EMILY
                        We need to get out of here. The 
                        zombies just keep coming. We're 
                        hostages here. I got the radio 
                        working again. I spoke to the guy, 
                        his name's Vinny. He said he and 
                        his people are on their way to save 
                        us.

           Erik looks away.

                                 HAYLEY
                        What?

                                 EMILY
                        Hey. We'll tell them about you when 
                        they get here. They'll freak out 
                        for a bit, and then they'll get 
                        over it.

           Everyone stands around for a moment.

                                 RYAN
                        If it comes down to it, we'll tell 
                        them to leave.

           Hayley and Emily nod their agreement. Erik looks at them, 
           then smiles slightly.

                                 ERIK
                        I'll talk to him.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Michael and Erik are on the roof. Erik is feeding off of 
           Michael, who MOANS in pleasure. He finishes, and releases 
           Michael.

                                 MICHAEL
                        All done?
           Erik nods. Michael starts to walk downstairs.

                                 ERIK
                        We need to talk.

           Michael pauses. He turns.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We do?

           Erik nods. Michael walks back.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        So talk.

                                 ERIK
                        They want to leave.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Of course they do. But it's not 
                        going to happen.

                                 ERIK
                        Not if you keep breaking the radio.

                                 MICHAEL
                        No one's going to come through that 
                        horde down there for us.

                                 ERIK
                        How can you be so sure?

                                 MICHAEL
                        For six people and a baby?

           Michael shakes his head.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        No one's that stupid. We're not 
                        worth it.

                                 ERIK
                        But they are coming. Emily fixed 
                        the radio.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Damn it! What's wrong with them?!

           Erik says nothing. Michael looks out at the night sky.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        When the outbreak began, I was with 
                        my brother. 
                                 (MORE)
                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        One of the zombies had bitten him 
                        in the leg, and he was having 
                        trouble walking. The zombies were 
                        after us, and he was slowing me 
                        down. So...

           He trails off, the thought unfinished.

                                 ERIK
                        He would have become one of them 
                        anyway.

                                 MICHAEL
                        But I didn't know that. To live in 
                        the world, the way it is now, you 
                        have to be a selfish bastard. 
                        You're telling me they're coming? 
                        Fine. But it's not to save us.

           Michael goes downstairs.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           The group is around the radio. Paul has Little Sarah in front 
           of him, on a baby bjorn. Emily is on the microphone.

                                 EMILY
                        Hello? Vinny, are you there?

           A moment passes.

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Yeah, I'm here. We're not far now. 
                        Geez, you guys weren't kidding 
                        about the zombies.

                                 EMILY
                        Listen. Vinny... if it's too much 
                        for you...

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Don't worry about it. We'll figure 
                        something out. We'll get you all 
                        out of there safely.

                                 EMILY
                        You're sure?
                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        We've got this whole thing down to 
                        a science. Trust me. This is going 
                        to be a cakewalk.

                                 EMILY
                        I believe you.

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Listen, once we get there, things 
                        are going to happen fast. We may 
                        need to take shelter inside your 
                        building. Is that ok?

                                 EMILY
                        I don't see why...

                                 ERIK
                        HOLD IT.

           Michael rips the microphone from Emily.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        What was that?

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        Who is this?

                                 ERIK
                        This is Erik. Run that last bit by 
                        me again?

                                 VINCENT (V.O.)
                        I'm just asking if it's ok if we 
                        come inside your warehouse.

                                 EMILY
                        Erik, what's wrong?

                                 ERIK
                        Vinny... you're not a vampire, are 
                        you?

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. VAN

           VINCENT is a particularly monstrous looking vampire holding a 
           microphone in the back of a windowless van.

           He stares at the ham radio.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. WAREHOUSE

           Everyone stares at the ham radio. A long moment passes, 
           conspicuous in its silence.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           No one is sleeping. Everyone is waiting anxiously.

           Paul stands in front of Emily. She puts Erik’s crucifix 
           around Little Sarah's neck. Little Sarah COOS happily, 
           batting at it.

                                 PAUL
                        It's kind of big.

                                 EMILY
                        Can't use a smaller one. Choking 
                        hazard.

                                 PAUL
                        Right.

           Ryan holds Hayley in his arms. Michael paces nervously. 
           Suddenly, Vincent's voice comes from upstairs, friendly.

                                 VINCENT (O.S.)
                        Hello? Your rescue has arrived.

           Everyone is quiet.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Vincent is standing on the roof. Erik steps out of the 
           stairway onto the rooftop.

                                 ERIK
                        Hello Vincent.

                                 VINCENT
                        Erik?  Well, this explains a lot.  
                        It’s been a long time, brother.  
                        74?

                                 ERIK
                        76.  Chicago.
                                 VINCENT
                        Good times, good times.  You ever 
                        hear from any of the old gang?

                                 ERIK
                        These people are mine, Vincent. 
                        Keep moving.

                                 VINCENT
                        Hold it. Can't we talk about this?

                                 ERIK
                        There aren't enough for two of us.

                                 VINCENT
                        I get it, I get.  It’s a time of 
                        famine.  But it doesn't have to be 
                        this way. Be reasonable.

           Erik stands impassively.

                                 VINCENT (CONT'D)
                        I don't want to live here. Check 
                        this out.

           Vincent pulls out a map.

                                 VINCENT (CONT'D)
                        I ran into some survivors on the 
                        road. They were heading to 
                        Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. 
                        Apparently, there's some sort of 
                        haven there. Enough people for you 
                        and me to eat, and then some. We'll 
                        be set.

                                 ERIK
                        So go there.

           Vincent moves closer to Erik.

                                 VINCENT
                        I'll never make it. I'm starving. I 
                        NEED to eat. So why don't you break 
                        out your herd? You and I can drink 
                        them up, and head to the little 
                        town of Bethlehem? What do you say?  
                        It’ll be like old times.

           Vincent puts a hand on Erik's shoulder, in a friendly, 
           companionable way. Erik grabs the hand and forcibly removes 
           it.
           Suddenly, two more vampires jump over the side of the 
           building.

           FELICIA, the female vampire has long, almost white hair. Her 
           features are still monstrous, however.

           OMAR is a thin, wiry vampire. He has a rifle slung around his 
           back, which he quickly takes off and aims at Erik.

                                 VINCENT (CONT'D)
                        I tried to be nice. Remember that.

           Omar shoots Erik. Erik screams, as Vincent and Felicia start 
           clawing the crap out of him. Erik is being torn to pieces.

           Suddenly, Ryan runs out of the awning, holding a crucifix. He 
           pushes one into Felicia, and she SCREAMS as it burns her 
           skin.

           Erik pushes Vincent into Omar, knocking the two of them down. 
           He and Ryan begin running for the stairway.

           The three new vampires rise to their feet. Ryan and Erik make 
           it past the threshold of the stairway.

                                 RYAN
                        We're safe now.

           Omar raises his rifle and shoots Ryan near the kneecap. Ryan 
           SCREAMS. Blood spatters back into the stairs, following the 
           path of the bullet.

                                 VINCENT
                        Give him to us.

           With a murderous look in his eyes, a battered Erik brings 
           Ryan down the stairs.

           The three vampires move toward the threshold of the stairs. 
           Inches away from the entrance is Ryan's spilt blood. They all 
           gaze at it ravenously, but none of them can reach it.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- DAY

           Ryan is lying on a pallet in the warehouse, unconscious. A 
           tourniquet has been applied to his leg. Little Sarah is also 
           asleep in the crib.

           Hayley, Michael, Paul, Emily, and Erik sit staring at each 
           other.
                                 MICHAEL
                        They're still out there?

                                 ERIK
                        Hidden away from the sun, but 
                        they'll be back when the sun goes 
                        down.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Ok, so I'm thinking we go 
                        underground and get out of here 
                        through the sewers. Find some place 
                        else to hold up for a while.

           Erik shakes his head.

                                 ERIK
                        It's probably where they are right 
                        now. Best place to be out of the 
                        sun, and still snag you if we run.

                                 EMILY
                        Can we starve them out? How long 
                        can you go without drinking blood?

                                 ERIK
                        I don't know. I'd guess it's a toss-
                        up to see who starves first.

                                 MICHAEL
                        But there has to be a point at 
                        which a vampire starves to death, 
                        right?

                                 ERIK
                        I have no idea.

                                 PAUL
                        Three options folks:  Wait, fight, 
                        or run.

                                 HAYLEY
                        I vote run. Bethlehem sounded nice 
                        and biblical.

                                 PAUL
                        Me too. Let's get out of here.

                                 MICHAEL
                        We wait.

           Everyone turns and looks at him.
                                 PAUL
                        And what do we wait for?

                                 MICHAEL
                        We wait for someone else to drive 
                        by, and hope the vampires drink 
                        them, then leave.

                                 PAUL
                        That's heartless, man.

           Michael shakes his head.

                                 MICHAEL
                        You don't want to know what my 
                        heart is telling me right now.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. OUTSIDE WAREHOUSE

           Zombies continue to swamp the warehouse. In the midst of the 
           swarm, Vincent and Omar stand motionless, their eyes fixed on 
           the warehouse.

           Omar suddenly snaps. He lunges at one of the zombies.

                                 VINCENT
                        Don't!

           Omar bites down on one of the zombies, and attempts to drink 
           from them. Moments later, he rises, and retches in disgust. 
           His body convulses with dry heaves.

                                 VINCENT (CONT'D)
                        Idiot.

           He stares at the warehouse.

                                 VINCENT (CONT'D)
                        Come on... come on.

           His arms tremble a bit, and then he SCREAMS, despite himself. 
           It is a high, sustained, piercing SHRIEK. Omar joins the 
           SHRIEK, and the zombie MOANS creating a cacaphonic, inhuman 
           symphony.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. SEWERS- NIGHT

           Felicia sits in the sewers, waiting. She hears the SHRIEK and 
           joins in.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Ryan, Erik, Hayley, Emily, Michael, and Paul sit and play The 
           Game of Life board game, the oppressive sound coming from all 
           directions.

                                 HAYLEY
                        I can't take this.

           She stands up and walks away. Ryan stands and slowly limps 
           after her.

                                 RYAN
                        Hayley.

                                 HAYLEY
                        I wish I were dead. I do. I really 
                        do.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Sit and spin.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Screw you! This is all your fault!

           Michael picks up the spinner and shows it to her.

                                 HAYLEY (CONT'D)
                        Oh.

           She sits down.

                                 HAYLEY (CONT'D)
                        Sorry.

           Michael nods.

                                 HAYLEY (CONT'D)
                        Ten.

           She moves a little car down the path.
                                 HAYLEY (CONT'D)
                        Uncle leaves you his skunk farm. 
                        Pay $20,000 to be rid of it.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- ROOF

           Vincent has climbed up to the roof. He's brought a metal 
           garbage can, and he starts BANGING IT LOUDLY, and SCREAMING.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE

           The group looks up at the noise.

                                 VINCENT (O.S.)
                        I'M SO HUNGRY! GAAAAAAAH!

                                 ERIK
                        They're getting desperate.

                                 EMILY
                        They're not the only ones.

           Suddenly, the SCREAMS stop.

                                 RYAN
                        Finally.

           Everyone waits for a moment. The zombies are still moaning, 
           but the screaming has ended.

                                 MICHAEL
                        What are they doing?

                                 HAYLEY
                        Maybe they left.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Uh-huh.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Vincent and Omar are outside a parked running van. The key is 
           in the ignition and the engine is running. The two of them 
           have mad, hasty, animalistic movements.
           Vincent grabs a zombie and forces him into the driver seat. 
           Omar, in the passenger seat, buckles the zombie in. The van 
           is currently in neutral.

           Omar movers the zombie's foot to the gas pedal. The engine 
           makes a LOUD REVVING NOISE. Small pieces of flesh come off in 
           his hand.

           Omar puts the car in drive, then jumps out of the car.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           The group is standing still listening. The sound of a car 
           PEELING OUT can be heard.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE- VAN- NIGHT

           The van is heading straight for building. The zombie driver 
           is completely oblivious to its situation. Zombies are being 
           mowed down left and right.

           The van heads straight for the fence, knocking it down, 
           allowing the zombies access.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           The SOUND of the car is getting closer and closer. SUDDENLY, 
           the front of the car, slams through the wall, getting stuck 
           midway.

           Everyone but Erik screams and ducks for cover. The car goes 
           up in flames, immolating its zombie driver. Behind the 
           flames, zombies can been, trying unsuccessfully to get 
           through.

           The group panics.

                                 MICHAEL
                        Everyone! Get your weapons and 
                        anything you need.

           People pick up their guns or baseball bats. Ryan puts on a  
           backpack.

           Michael grabs Erik.
                                 MICHAEL (TO ERIK) (CONT'D)
                        Can you get them through the 
                        sewers?

                                 ERIK  (TO MICHAEL)
                        I don't know. I can't fight three 
                        of them...

                                 MICHAEL  (TO ERIK)
                        You won't have to.

           Michael looks to Ryan, who's still moving with a profound 
           limp.

                                 MICHAEL (CONT'D)
                        You may have to leave him behind.

           Erik starts to protest, then stops.

                                 ERIK (TO MICHAEL)
                        We'll see.

           Michael nods.

                                 MICHAEL (TO EVERYONE)
                        Follow Erik! He'll get you out of 
                        here.

                                 EMILY
                        What about you?

           Michael pauses.

                                 MICHAEL
                        I'll be right behind you. Just go!

           Erik, Paul (with Little Sarah on his chest), Ryan supported 
           by Hayley, and Emily head down the stairs.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE BASEMENT

           Erik, Paul, Hayley, and Emily help Ryan down the stairs. 
           They're moving as quickly as they can.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. WAREHOUSE- NIGHT

           Michael starts barricading the basement door, pushing crates 
           and other objects in front of it. 
           Smoke from the burning car is starting to fill the room, and 
           the HIGH PITCH SCREECH of the car can be heard.

           The zombies behind the car finally push the vehicle free, and 
           it speeds through the room. Michael, narrowly dodges out of 
           the way as it comes right at him.

           Flaming zombies, followed by unhurt zombies begin to pour 
           into the warehouse. Michael grabs his gun, and heads upstairs 
           to the roof.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. OUTSIDE WAREHOUSE

           Omar and Vincent are about to head down into the sewers. 
           Suddenly they hear Michael's voice coming from above.

                                 MICHAEL (O.S.)
                        Hey!

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Michael is looking down at the vampires and zombie horde 
           below. He waves to them with desperation.

                                 MICHAEL
                        HELP ME!

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. OUTSIDE WAREHOUSE

           An animalistic instinct kicks in and Vincent and Omar start 
           running toward the warehouse, pushing zombies out of their 
           way with great force.

                                 OMAR
                        MINE!

           Omar deliberately pushes zombies onto Vincent, knocking the 
           other vampire down. Omar races ahead to the building, where 
           zombies pound against the walls, as others enter the 
           building.

           Omar starts climbs up the side of the rooftop to claim his 
           prize.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. SEWERS

           Erik is hurriedly leading Ryan, Hayley, Paul (and Little 
           Sarah), and Emily through the sewers.

           Above, Felicia is clinging to the ceiling, defying gravity as 
           she stares down at the people below her. She drops down with 
           force on Emily and sinks her teeth into the jugular, feeding 
           like a ravenous beast.

           Hayley screams in terror, and drops Ryan. She starts running 
           ahead.

           Erik forcibly rips Felicia off of Emily, and the two of them 
           start brutally attacking each other. Each is using their claw-
           like hands to lacerate the other. In the process Erik's 
           clothes are thoroughly shredded.

           Ryan and Emily pull themselves up. Paul pulls out a gun and 
           fires the gun at Felicia and Erik. The bullet accidently hits 
           both of them, and they both SCREAM.

           Paul pushes Felicia off of Erik, then shoots he. A few 
           moments later he shoots her again.

           Erik stands up.

                                 ERIK
                        That won't kill her.

                                 RYAN
                        Keep shooting.

           Paul shoots.

           Ryan pulls a wooden stake and a hammer out of his backpack. 
           Erik helps to restrain Felicia, as Paul continues to shoot 
           her.

           Ryan gets close, puts the stake near her heart. He hammers it 
           into her chest, and she lies still.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        There. She's dead.

           Erik shakes his head.

                                 ERIK
                        No. She's just paralyzed. You have 
                        to cut her head off.

                                 PAUL
                        Anyone have a knife?
           Erik flashes his claws.

                                 ERIK
                        Always.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET- NIGHT

           The manhole outside the warehouse. The manhole is pushed from 
           below, and Hayley can be seen emerging.

           Hayley exits the sewers. No zombies are near her or even 
           glance in her direction, as they're all swarming around the 
           warehouse. She walks over to the parked van the team was 
           using earlier.

           She opens the door, gets in the driver's seat, and quietly 
           closes the door. The key is in the ignition. She turns the 
           key.

           The engine STARTS LOUDLY. A number of zombies from the 
           warehouse turn away and start heading toward the van.

                                 HAYLEY
                        Oh, crap.

           She looks at the manhole she just exited from, but no one 
           emerges. She looks up at the rooftop and sees Omar climbing 
           the side of the warehouse, and Michael standing at the top.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Michael sees the vampire coming toward him. He's closed the 
           door to the stairway behind him.

           Omar leaps from the side of the wall onto the rooftop. 
           Michael pulls out his gun and fires at Omar, but Omar is too 
           fast and dodges. Omar leaps onto Michael, knocking the gun 
           from his hand.

           From the stairway door, the sounds of POUNDING can be heard.

           The two fall to the ground. Michael struggles, but Omar 
           manages to sink his fangs into Michael's neck, and greedily 
           guzzles the blood from Michael's carotid artery.

           The door begins to splinter, and parts of ZOMBIES can be 
           seen.
           Michael begins to MOAN, but as he does so he moves his right 
           hand to his pocket. From it he pulls out a small wooden 
           crucifix. The base of the crucifix has been sharpened to a 
           point.

           He takes the crucifix and jabs it in Omar's eye. OMAR SCREAMS 
           as smoke begins to emerge from the puncture. He releases 
           Michael.

           Omar struggles to remove the crucifix, but every time he 
           touches it, his hands begin to burn. He can't get it out.

           The smoke rises, and Omar bursts into flames, SCREAMING in 
           AGONY.

           The door BURSTS OPEN, and zombies start to pour out onto the 
           roof. A woozy Michael slowly reaches for his gun.

           Michael looks at the zombies behind him, and looks at the 
           horde of zombies on the streets below. He picks up the gun, 
           and puts the barrel in his mouth.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. VAN

           Hayley watches all this in horror. The SOUND OF THE GUN 
           FIRING can be heard, and she winces and turns away, tears 
           coming down her eyes. She sobs.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET- NIGHT

           Erik emerges from the manhole, he starts to help Emily, Ryan, 
           and Paul {with Little Sarah out of the sewer.)   Zombies are 
           closing in, but all three of the humans are encumbered in 
           some way.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. VAN

           Hayley sees the others emerging from the sewers, and waves to 
           them frantically. They see her, but she suddenly sees that 
           their faces are filling with horror as they look at her.

           An ARM breaks through the window with a LOUD CRASH and grabs 
           her arm. It's Vincent, leering at her. She SCREAMS, and slams 
           her foot on the gas.
           The vehicle takes off at full speed.

           Hayley struggles in vain against Vincent. He bites down on 
           her arm hard, sinking his teeth in. She starts to moan.

           Hayley loses all control over the van. She slams into a 
           building, and the airbag deploys. She loses consciousness.

           Vincent opens the car door. He pulls out her limp body and 
           feeds off of her. Zombies begin to surround the two of them.

           As Vincent feeds off her blood, some zombies begin to eat her 
           flesh.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET- NIGHT

           Erik, Paul, Emily, and Ryan watch as Hayley is devoured.

                                 RYAN
                        Hayley!

                                 EMILY
                        There's nothing we can do for her.

                                 PAUL
                        What about Michael?

                                 EMILY
                        Oh God!

           She points to the warehouse rooftop.

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Michael lies on the edge of the roof. His head and upper 
           torso hanging over the side. Zombies pull him back from the 
           edge.

           EXT. STREET- NIGHT

           Zombies are getting closer to Erik, Paul {and Little Sarah}, 
           Ryan, and Emily.

                                 EMILY
                        What do we do?

                                 ERIK
                        I parked an ambulance down the 
                        block. Come on.
           The four of them head down the street. Emily has recovered 
           from Felicia's attack and is moving as quickly as the others, 
           but Ryan's limp is slowing them down a bit.

           Emily moves back to give Ryan some support. Erik is on the 
           outside of the group, pushing back any zombies who get too 
           near.

           The street is littered with zombies, and the group sometimes 
           has to zig-zag down the street to evade them.

           Where possible, the group uses trucks and vans in the street 
           as cover. The street traffic is fairly congested that the 
           zombies movements are impeded.

           On the other hand, it's also so congested that if the group 
           were to get into one of these  vehicles, there would be no 
           place to drive them.

           Erik is acting as a shield for his human friends. If a zombie 
           gets too close, Erik cuts it to ribbons with his claws.

           At times, the group climbs up and over the cars, which is 
           something the zombies simply aren't smart enough to do. Of 
           course, Ryan has to be helped up, so they don't do this 
           often.

           As the group uses an ice cream truck for cover, a pair of 
           arms reaches down from the ice cream truck window and grabs 
           Paul. An ICE CREAM VENDOR ZOMBIE bites on the neck!

                                 PAUL
                        NO!

                                 ERIK
                             (to Ryan and Emily)
                        KEEP GOING!

           Ryan and Emily continue on. Erik runs back to Paul, who 
           escapes the Ice Cream Vendor Zombie. A big portion of his 
           neck has been torn out, and he slumps to the ground.

           Paul is semi-conscious, and dying. Little Sarah is petrified 
           with fright. Erik works to take the baby bjorn off of Paul, 
           as zombies begin to surround the two of them.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET NEAR AMBULANCE- NIGHT

           Ryan and Emily make it to the ambulance. The two of them 
           climb into the front of the vehicle, with Emily in the 
           driver's seat.
           They look back to Paul and Erik.

           EXT. STREET- NIGHT

           Paul and Erik are getting surrounded by zombies. Erik hold 
           Little Sarah away from his body, his arms outstretched. He 
           looks to Paul, who is fading fast.

                                 PAUL
                        He bit me...

                                 ERIK
                        Yes.

                                 PAUL
                        I don't... I don't wanna be like 
                        them.

                                 ERIK
                        Keep it together, man. I need you.

           The zombies are getting closer. Erik kneels down near Paul.

                                 PAUL
                        Get her outta here.

                                 ERIK
                        I need you to take the cross off of 
                        her.

                                 PAUL
                        Wuzzat?

                                 ERIK
                        The cross. I need you to...

           Paul slumps over, dead. The zombies are coming even closer. 
           Erik looks to the baby in his arms, then to the ambulance.

           Paul begins to convulse, and slowly rises from the ground as 
           a zombie. He MOANS loudly and reaches for the baby.

           Erik closes his eyes for a moment, bracing himself. To keep 
           the baby out of Paul's hands, he clutches Little Sarah 
           protectively to his bare breast, and SCREAMS IN PAIN. A small 
           trail of smoke rises from where the crucifix touches his 
           skin.

           Erik starts running as fast as he can, barrelling past the 
           zombies in between him and the ambulance.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. AMBULANCE FRONT

           Emily and Ryan look to see Erik running through the zombie 
           mob.

           Ryan nods to Emily, and she turns on the engine. Ryan climbs 
           to the back of the ambulance.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. STREET NEAR AMBULANCE- NIGHT

           Erik is fighting off the agony of holding Little Sarah close 
           to him, while doing his best to avoid the zombies who keep 
           lunging after her.

           He successfully manages to avoid all of the zombies. Ryan 
           opens up the back doors from the inside. Erik hands Little 
           Sarah up to him, then climbs aboard. A blackened cross mark 
           is now burned into Erik's chest.

           Erik grabs Ryan's baseball bat, and starts knocking down the 
           zombies outside the vehicle. The ambulance pulls away. A 
           zombie grabs on to the vehicle with its hands.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. FRONT OF AMBULANCE

           Emily is driving the ambulance out of town. The ambulance 
           travels very fast, and she occasionally has to run down a 
           zombie.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF AMBULANCE

           The ambulance is outpacing the pursuing zombies. The one 
           zombie who managed to grab on to the ambulance earlier is 
           still holding on tenaciously.

           Erik begins to stomp on the zombies hands in an attempt to 
           get the zombie to let go. Instead, he accidently severs the 
           zombies hands at the wrist. The zombie falls behind the 
           ambulance.

           Erik looks down at the zombie hands, still grasping the 
           vehicle. He picks them off with the end of his bat, then 
           closes the ambulance back doors.
           With the vehicle now secure. Erik turns to Ryan, who is 
           sitting down, holding Little Sarah who is howling in tears.

                                 ERIK
                        How is she?

                                 RYAN
                        She's fine, thank God. Thank you.

           Erik nods.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. FRONT OF AMBULANCE

           Emily has the ambulance pull onto the expressway. Suddenly 
           the sound of a LOUD HONKING HORN can be heard. She looks in 
           the rear-view mirror and sees a van driving behind her, with 
           no one in the driver seat. She puts more pressure on the gas 
           pedal.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF AMBULANCE

           Erik looks out the rear ambulance window, and sees the same 
           van, but from his perspective, Vincent is behind the wheel. 
           Ryan stands and looks out also.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY

           The two vehicles move down the highway at great speed. 
           Occasionally, both vehicles need to avoid road obstacles such 
           as zombies or abandoned cars.

           Vincent's van, whenever possible, attempts to run the 
           ambulance off the side of the road.

           The ambulance pulls out in front of the van.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF AMBULANCE

           Ryan and Erik are still looking out the window.

                                 RYAN
                        What do we do?
                                 ERIK
                        Strap yourselves in. Protect her.

           Ryan nods. He straps Little Sarah and himself in with a seat 
           belt.

           Erik picks up some oxygen tanks from the ambulance medical 
           supplies. He turns them on and starts to release the air.

           Erik opens up the back door of the ambulance. He is now 
           directly facing Vincent's van.

           He throws a large metal box at the van's windshield, 
           SHATTERING THE GLASS. Vincent struggles to keep control of 
           the vehicle, as the glass shatters inside the car.

           Erik picks up the oxygen tanks, and begins throwing them into 
           he van through the broken windshield. One or two miss or 
           bounce off the vehicle, but the others make it into the car.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY

           One or two of the tanks hit Vincent in the head. He furiously 
           attempts to ram the ambulance.

           Erik leaps from the ambulance onto the van's hood. Vincent 
           tries to swerve to shake him off, but Erik digs his claws 
           into the metal, and holds tight.

           When Vincent gives up shaking Erik. Erik begins to claw at 
           the vehicle. His talon-like fingers begin to create sparks.

           Vincent furrows his brow confused. Then he looks to the 
           oxygen tanks hissing next to him. His eyes widen with 
           understanding. He moves his arm toward the passenger door.

           BUT IT'S TOO LATE. A SPARK IGNITES THE OXYGEN TANK, CAUSING A 
           FIERY EXPLOSION. ERIK IS BLOWN FORWARD OFF THE VAN.

           Vincent is consumed by the flames. He gets out of the van, 
           struggles for a few moments, than roasts motionlessly.

           Erik lies on the ground, badly burned. No zombies are near. 
           It's quiet.

           The SOUND OF THE AMBULANCE RETURNING can be heard. The DOORS 
           open. Emily, accompanied by a limping Ryan carrying a now 
           calm Little Sarah walk toward him.

                                 EMILY
                        Erik?
           He turns to look at her.

                                 EMILY (CONT'D)
                        Are you ok?

           He nods. He slowly pulls himself up. She goes to steady him, 
           but he gently shrugs her off.

           He looks at the three of them. He can hear their HEARTBEATS. 
           He looks from Emily to Ryan to Little Sarah, hearing each's 
           rhythm in turn.

                                 ERIK
                        Get back in the ambulance. Drive 
                        away.

                                 EMILY
                        Not without you.

           Erik shakes his head.

                                 ERIK
                        Keep heading to Bethlehem. Don't 
                        leave the ambulance unless you have 
                        to get gas or food.

                                 RYAN
                        We're safer with you to protect us.

                                 ERIK
                        I'M WHAT YOU NEED PROTECTING FROM! 
                        If you take me with you, I'll kill 
                        you all. Even her.

           Erik points to Little Sarah.

                                 EMILY
                        There has to be a way.

                                 RYAN
                        I’ve fed you before...

                                 ERIK
                        I’m going to need more than you 
                        have. 

           He points to Vincent's remains.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        If I get hungry enough there's no 
                        difference between him and me.  
                        I’ll drain you dry.   

           Erik looks at the baby.
                                 ERIK (CONT’D)
                        All of you.

                                 EMILY
                        Erik...

           Ryan puts a hand on her shoulder.

                                 RYAN
                        He's right.

           A moment of silence. Ryan extends a hand for a handshake. 
           Erik takes the hand, and shakes it.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        Good luck to you, man.

           Erik nods.

           Emily moves in, attempting to embrace Erik. His eyes go to 
           her carotid artery, and he has to extend a hand to stop her.

                                 ERIK
                        Don't. Please, don't.

           He extends a hand for a handshake, and she reluctantly 
           settles for that.

                                 ERIK (CONT'D)
                        If you ever see me again... no 
                        matter what I say, you don't let me 
                        inside.

           Ryan nods. Emily's eyes are wet with tears. Ryan takes Emily 
           and Little Sarah back to the ambulance, and the three of them 
           drive away. Erik watches them go.

           He turns and starts walking in the opposite direction.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. UNDERPASS- DAY

           Erik is taking refuge from the sunlight in the darkness of a 
           bridge underpass.

           He hears the sound of MOANING, and Erik notices that Legless 
           Zombie is crawling toward the underpass. Erik watches Legless 
           struggle.

           When Legless gets into the shade, Erik moves toward it, 
           raises his baseball bat, preparing to smash it. At the last 
           moment he relents, and puts the bat back down.
           He sits back down in the shadows, and watched Legless Zombie 
           continue its determined struggle to continue its journey.

           There are more sounds of MOANING, and Erik sees a horde of 
           zombies slowly moving toward the bridge. He sits down on the 
           side of the bridge, and watches them pass.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY- NIGHT

           Erik finds a red convertible with the top down on the side of 
           the road. The inside of the car is a mess from the seasons of 
           bad weather, but the keys are still in the ignition. He gets 
           in, and continues driving.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY- A FEW MINUTES BEFORE DAWN

           Erik continues to drive along. His WATCH ALARM goes off. He 
           pulls over to the side of the road.

           Erik stares at the horizon for a few moments. Slowly, almost 
           reluctantly he gets up, and takes the key out of the 
           ignition.

           He goes to the trunk of the car, opens it, and climbs in. He 
           closes the trunk behind him.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY NIGHT- NEXT EVENING

           As Erik drives down the expressway, he passes hordes of 
           zombies heading in the opposite direction. As he passes, he 
           sees Paul and Hayley, both zombies, shuffling among them.

           Erik stops the car. He gets out, and moves toward Paul. Paul 
           takes no notice of Erik, and continues to mindlessly shuffle. 
           Erik takes Paul by the hand, and leads him to the 
           convertible.

           He puts a slightly resistant Paul into the backseat of the 
           car, and buckles him in. He then goes back for Hayley.

           Hayley puts up more resistance than Paul. Erik lifts her over 
           his shoulder and forces her into the convertible passenger 
           seat. He buckles her in, restraining her arms.
           Eric gets back in the driver's seat, and continues down the 
           road.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. EXPRESSWAY NEAR OFF-RAMP- EVENING

           Erik drives back into Springmeadow.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF- NIGHT

           Erik picks up the poor, ravaged remains of Michael, avoiding 
           the aimless, wandering zombies on the roof as he does so.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. CEMETERY

           A large graveyard outside of town. Nearby, a large church 
           stands adjacent.

           Erik has a shovel in his hand, and is burying Michael's 
           remains. Paul and Hayley wander around the cemetery 
           purposelessly.

           Erik looks over to the church. He then looks to Paul and 
           Hayley.

                                 ERIK
                        I'll be back in a second. Wait 
                        here.

           Neither Paul nor Hayley show the slightest response to his 
           words. Erik starts walking toward the church.

                                                                CUT TO:

           EXT. CHURCH

           Erik stands outside the church doors. He waits for a long 
           moment, then touches the door. He holds his hand on the door 
           for a brief moment, steadies himself, and pushes it open.

           He steps inside.

                                                                CUT TO:
           INT. CHURCH PEWS

           The inside of the church has been ransacked, but is vacant 
           aside from Erik.

           His eyes flit from stained glass windows, to crucifix adorned 
           walls. He makes no effort to go near any of those things, 
           knowing he would only be repelled.

           He walks into one of the pews, and kneels down. He clasps his 
           taloned hands in prayer. He closes his eyes.

           Suddenly, he hears MOANING. A ZOMBIE PRIEST stands up, 
           crawling out from behind one of the other pews.

           Erik stands, disgusted by what he sees. He looks to the 
           Heavens, fury evidenced by his features.

           In a rage, he starts throwing things, and turning over 
           chairs. He picks up one pew, and throws it through a stained 
           glass window with an audible CRASH.

           When his rage is finally spent, he collapses to the ground.

                                 ERIK
                             (weakly)
                        Please...

           He sits motionlessly for a while.   The first few rays of 
           sunlight start to come in through the open window.   Erik 
           looks at them for a moment.

           He reaches to his side bag and pulls out the scrapbook.  He 
           opens up the book to the family tree, and pulls out a pencil.  
           He finds his own entry, ERIK KARIC (1933 -   )

           He moves the pencil to add a date of death for himself.   He 
           writes a 2, then notices a piece of paper sticking out of the 
           scrapbook.

           Erik turns to the loose page, and looks at it. It’s one of 
           Ryan’s sketches. It’s of Erik, his arm around a pregnant 
           Sarah. Erik’s vampiric features have been softened a little 
           bit, in contrast to the harsher, more accurate version Ryan 
           drew earlier.

           Erik turns to the back of the page.  Ryan has written “I 
           think this one is better, don’t you?”

           Erik smiles.  He turns the pencil around, and erases the 2 
           that he wrote in the scrapbook.

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. STREETS OF SPRINGMEADOW- YEARS LATER- NIGHT, APPROACHING 
           DAWN

           Springmeadow is in a state of complete disrepair. No 
           maintenance has been done, and things have completely 
           deteriorated.

           Few zombies are still walking the streets, but many lie on 
           the ground, broken down and forgotten. They move their poor 
           deteriorated bodies as best they can, but can not move at 
           all.

           Those zombies that are still ambulatory have still greatly 
           deteriorated. They are downright skeletal in places, and many 
           are missing arms or bones where the flesh has completely 
           disintegrated. Their gait, once slow, has been reduced to the 
           point where they are barely moving at all.

           Amidst the zombies is Erik. He moves faster than they do, but 
           GROWLING like a savage wild animal. He wears no clothes, and 
           moves around, completely bestial.

           Not far from him are Zombie Paul and Zombie Hayley. Both are 
           in absolutely wretched condition, and only recognizable by 
           the scraps of clothing they've been wearing since they died.

           Zombie Paul is walking along the road. He trips on a small 
           rock of gravel. His leg breaks with a SNAP, and he tumbles to 
           the ground, shattering into pieces.

           Erik turns and runs to Paul, like a dog to its master. Paul 
           MOANS on the ground. Erik tries to help him up, but it's a 
           futile effort. Only Paul's skull is still moving, still 
           hungry for food.

           Suddenly, there is the SOUND OF A VAN APPROACHING. Erik and 
           the remaining zombies turn to look at it, but Erik has the 
           presence of mind to hide in the darkness.

           The van parks several feet from the zombies. Three people, 
           humans,  get out of the van, armed with sledgehammers. Their 
           clothes are not torn; their faces not dirty.

           An OLDER MAN in his forties is the leader of the group. With 
           him are an average looking YOUNG MAN, and a beautiful YOUNG 
           WOMAN with dark black hair.

           They start swinging the sledgehammers at the zombies, who are 
           completely unable to defend themselves or counterattack in 
           any way.

           The zombies break apart at even the slightest touch.
           Erik listens to the heartbeats of the three people, and it's 
           almost more than he can bear. He starts to move into a 
           position where he can attack the Older Man.

           He's about to pounce when he sees the Young Man moving toward 
           Zombie Hayley with the sledgehammer. He smashes her to 
           pieces.

                                 ERIK
                        RAAARGH!

           Erik leaps past Older Man, startling the humans. He races 
           toward Younger Man, and leaps on him.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        WHAT THE HELL? GET IT OFF OF ME!

           Older Man and the Young Woman, perhaps inured to horrors 
           after years of zombie attacks begin shooting Eric. Neither of 
           them scream in terror, although they are concerned about the 
           attack.

           Eric SCREAMS IN PAIN from the bullet attacks. He leaps at his 
           attackers, knocking Older Man to the ground with a forceful 
           blow, and roughly hitting the firearm out of the Young 
           Woman's hand.

           He roughly grabs the Young Woman on the shoulders. He pulls 
           her close to him, and bears his fangs violently, and with 
           great relish. He's about to bite down, when he notices...

           There's a large crucifix hanging from the woman's neck.

           He stops himself, and rips the Young Woman's shirt. Tears 
           start to form in her eyes.

           The crucifix is the same cross that Little Sarah wore. He 
           looks to his own chest, where his own scar, dirt smudged, 
           still can be seen.

           Erik's eyes widen with recognition. The young woman is 
           TEENAGE SARAH.

                                 TEENAGE SARAH
                        Oh my God.

           The SOUND OF HER RAPID HEARTBEAT is like a jackhammer, and 
           it's taking every fiber of his being not to bite down and 
           drink her dry.

           Roughly, he pushes her away from him. He looks to the OLDER 
           MAN lying on the floor. He kneels down, and sinks his teeth 
           into Older's Man carotid artery, drinking.
           A LOUD MOAN OF ECSTASY escapes Erik's lips as he slakes his 
           long denied thirst. But it is shortly followed by a CRY OF 
           INTENSE PAIN.

           Erik looks behind him to see Teenage Sarah behind him 
           clutching a cross in one hand, and a stake in the other. 
           Smoke rises from both the cross and Erik's back.

           Young Man knocks Erik off of the Older Man with the 
           sledgehammer. Erik falls to the ground, and Sarah hands the 
           cross to Erik.

                                 TEENAGE SARAH (CONT'D)
                        Keep him down with this.

           The Young Man nods. He places the cross in front of Erik, who 
           can't move for fear of being touched by the symbol. Teenage 
           Sarah picks up the stake, and stabs it through Erik's heart.

           By reflex, his arms flail out and knock her to the ground, 
           near him.

           A sharp look of pain comes over Erik's face, and passes 
           quickly. Dying, he looks up at the sky. The sun's coming over 
           the horizon, and he watches it slowly rise.

           He falls to the ground, paralyzed.

           The Young Man is tending to the Older Man's wounds. He helps 
           the Older Man up to a seated position, and the Older Man 
           applies pressure to his neck wound.

           He walks over to Sarah, and helps her up. They walk to the 
           Older Man. Young Man pulls a gun at Older Man.

           From the back of the van, a man in his forties comes out, 
           holding a cane. It's an older Ryan.

                                 RYAN
                        STOP!

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        He was bitten!

                                 RYAN
                        He won't turn. That wasn't a 
                        zombie.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        Well, what the hell is it?

                                 RYAN
                        An old friend.
           Ryan bends down, and looks at Erik, who lies paralyzed.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                        We have to get him in the van 
                        before the sun rises.

                                 YOUNG MAN
                        I'm not touching that thing. This 
                        is stupid.

                                 TEENAGE SARAH
                        Dad... is it...?

           Ryan nods. She leans down to help Ryan bring Erik into the 
           van. Young Man goes back to work smashing the defenseless 
           zombies.

                                 OLDER MAN
                        Ryan... this thing tried to kill 
                        me.

                                 RYAN
                        He's not a thing. You'll see.

           Older Man and Young Man exchange a look. Ryan and Sarah get 
           Erik into the back of the van.

                                                                CUT TO:

           INT. BACK OF VAN

           Ryan and Teenage Sarah kneel by Erik's paralyzed body.

                                 RYAN
                        Go help them out, sweetie.

                                 TEENAGE SARAH
                        You're sure about this, Dad?

           Ryan nods. She gives him a kiss on the cheek, and goes 
           outside.

           Ryan takes a small knife and cuts his wrist. Blood pours from 
           the wound, and he holds the bleeding wrist over Erik's 
           paralyzed mouth.

                                 RYAN
                        There you go. It's going to be ok, 
                        buddy. You're going to like 
                        Bethlehem.

                                                                CUT TO:
           EXT. STREETS OF BETHLEHEM

           Unlike Springmeadow, Bethlehem is a community in order. The 
           electricity works, and the buildings have been nicely 
           maintained.

           Ryan's van parks on the side of a road. A small crowd gathers 
           to see the group come back.

           Older Man and Young Man come out of the front of the van. The 
           two men walk to the back of the van, and open up the back 
           doors.

           Erik, assisted by Ryan and Teenage Sarah,  walks out of the 
           back of the van. The stake has been removed from his heart, 
           and he's wearing clothes. Erik is once again in control of 
           himself.

           People stare at Erik as he walks out of the van. Some turn 
           away in horror. A HORRIFIED MAN pulls a gun, points it at 
           Erik, and steps forward from the crowd.

                                 HORRIFIED MAN
                        What the hell---?

                                 RYAN
                        It's ok. I'll explain later.

           The Horrified Man is confused.

                                 RYAN (CONT'D)
                             (in a commanding tone)
                        Put the gun down, Harvey.

           The Horrified Man lowers his gun, bewildered. Emily, now in 
           her fifties, moves forward from the crowd. She's in good 
           health.

                                 EMILY
                        Erik?

           Erik nods. Her eyes get wet with tears. She reaches to stroke 
           his face tenderly.

                                 EMILY (CONT'D)
                        Welcome home.

           Emily takes his hand. Erik, Emily, Ryan, and Teenage Sarah 
           begin walking toward one of the houses, as the crowd watches 
           on.

                                                               BLACKOUT

                                                                    END
