                                   EZEKIEL MOSS 
                                   ____________ 

                             an original screenplay by 

                                    Keith Bunin

          WRITER'S CONTACT: 
          Rowena Arguelles 
          Creative Artists Agency 
          2000 Avenue of the Stars 
          Los Angeles, CA 90067 
          424-288-2000 

          17 February 2011
           FADE IN:

           EXT. NEBRASKA CORNFIELD - DAY

           October 1934: in the heart of the USA in the heart of the
           Great Depression, in a part of the country that's so flat
           you can watch your dog run away for three days, in a town so
           small that you don't even need to know its name.

           JOEL CARSON (11) comes running across the length of the
           cornfield.  Joel is a skinny and gangly boy - imaginative,
           inquisitive, and quite frankly more than a little bit wild.  

           He has a large tree branch tucked between his legs and he's
           pretending it's a horse.  As he gallops across the field, he
           lets out a joyous battle cry.  He scales up the branches of
           a tall tree and hoists the branch to the sky in triumph.  

           Then Joel stops short.  He cocks his ear to the wind.  For a
           moment it's like he can hear strange whispers and moans on
           the breeze.  Then all of a sudden it's quiet again.

           INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           MARTHA AYRES (60) is at the blackboard of the tiny one-room
           schoolhouse.  Martha is pleasant but brisk and careworn.  A
           pig-tailed YOUNG GIRL is trying to remember a poem.

                                 YOUNG GIRL
                        The boy stood on the burning deck,
                        Whence all but he had fled.

           The door creaks open.  Joel steps into the room.  His face
           and clothes are wet and muddy from this morning's adventures.  

                                 YOUNG GIRL (CONT'D)
                        The flame that lit the battle's wreck,
                        Shone round him o'er the dead.

                                 MARTHA
                        Now, Joel, would you like to explain
                        where you've been all morning?

                                 JOEL
                        I got attacked by pirates.  They
                        took me to their hiding place inside
                        the big tree by the creek.  That's
                        where they bury all their jewels.

           The other kids laugh and snigger at Joel's ridiculous story.

                                 MARTHA
                        You don't even respect me enough to
                        make up a story that could actually
                        be true.
           Joel stares back at Martha, genuinely perplexed by this.

                                 JOEL
                        What's the point of making up a story
                        that could actually be true?

           EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           At the end of the day, all the students except for Joel run
           out the door and race each other back to their houses.  Joel
           stands in the field all by himself.  He picks up two branches
           and holds them like they're a bow and arrow.

           IRIS CARSON (30) stands on the steps of the schoolhouse. 
           She is vivacious and tender, a winning mixture of toughness
           and fragility.  Maybe her lipstick is a little too red and
           maybe her dress is cut a little too short for this town. 

           Iris is in the middle of a serious conversation with Martha
           but she keeps one eye on Joel playing alone in the field.

                                 MARTHA
                        I just thought you'd like to know
                        how rarely your son has been finding
                        his way to my classroom.

                                 IRIS
                        Joel's always taught himself anything
                        he ever wanted to know. 

           Martha extends her arm to Joel, who is now charging the tree
           at the edge of the field, wrapping his arms around the trunk
           as though he's trying to wrestle it to the ground.

                                 MARTHA
                        He's wild.  He's got no friends.  He
                        lives inside his own head.  I'm just
                        trying to broaden his horizons before
                        his horizons close in on him. 

           And Iris turns to consider Joel with a genuine concern.

           EXT. CONGRESS STREET - DAY

           Despite its name, there's not a great deal of congress here
           on Congress Street.  It's the main drag of the town which
           doesn't say much for the town.  

           Iris and Joel walk home together past the drug store, post
           office, movie theater, and pool hall.  A large poster behind
           them reads REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S REVIVAL MEETING IN OCTOBER.

                                 JOEL
                        Did I get you in trouble?
                                 IRIS
                        Don't be silly, baby, I can get in
                        trouble all by myself.

                                 JOEL
                        I get bored in school.  I know all
                        of it already.

                                 IRIS
                        According to Mrs. Ayres, you said
                        you were late today because you got
                        attacked by pirates.  I wonder exactly
                        how pirates made their way to a state
                        that's landlocked three times over.

                                 JOEL
                        That's why they came here: it's the
                        last place anyone'd look for them.

                                 IRIS
                        I guess that kind of makes sense.

                                 JOEL
                        They keep their jewels hidden in
                        that big tree.  And the creek is
                        where the dragon sleeps.  See?

           Joel smiles hopefully at his mother.  Iris looks out at the
           dingy town, the fallow fields, and the endless plains.

                                 IRIS
                        Honestly, baby, I can't see any of
                        that.  But you know what?  I like
                        what you see so much better.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - DAY

           The sun is sinking in the sky as Iris and Joel head up the
           walk to a two-story house on the outskirts of town.  It could
           use a coat of paint but it's friendly and cheery.  A sign in
           the parlor window reads ROOMS FOR LET.  

           DONALD HOBART (35) sits on the porch steps.  He carries a
           traveling salesman's sample case.  He's paunchy and sweaty
           but not unattractive.  Iris grins to see him.

                                 DONALD
                        Little birdie told me you've got a
                        room for rent.  I hope you won't
                        disappoint a wayfaring stranger.

                                 IRIS
                        I make it my business never to
                        disappoint a wayfaring stranger.
           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - EVENING

           Iris cuts big pieces of apple pie for dessert and hands them
           over to Donald and Joel.  Iris is flirting up a storm and
           Donald is happy to reciprocate.  Joel watches closely.

                                 IRIS
                        I don't think we've ever had a soybean
                        salesman staying with us before.

                                 DONALD
                        I'm the wave of the future.

                                 IRIS
                        We've had a Fuller Brush Man and two
                        encyclopedia salesmen and a Bible
                        salesman.  The Bible salesman just
                        wasn't any fun at all.

           Donald reaches into his sample case and pulls out a packet.

                                 DONALD
                        Soybeans are a revolutionary crop. 
                        They regenerate the soil.  And you
                        know who loves soybeans?  Henry Ford. 
                        He owns a suit made out of them.

                                 IRIS
                        Now I wonder what got you into this
                        line of work.  I bet nobody's born
                        wanting to sell soybeans. 

                                 DONALD
                        I used to be the best third baseman
                        in the Western League.  Till my trick
                        knee started playing tricks on me.

                                 JOEL
                        Really?  Who'd you play for?

                                 DONALD
                        Kansas City Blues.  1929 to 1932. 
                        Dashing Donald Hobart.  So if you
                        want, sonny, tomorrow morning we can
                        toss the old rawhide around - you
                        can get some tips from a professional.

           By now Donald has successfully charmed both Iris and Joel.

                                 IRIS
                        Isn't that sweet of you?  Now who
                        wants another piece of pie? 
           INT. JOEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           It's a small room with lots of papers strewn about.  Upon
           closer inspection, they're all Joel's drawings and stories. 
           Joel buttons up his pajamas, looking at himself in the mirror.

           He hears voices from the room next door.  He climbs onto his
           dresser and takes the mirror down from the nail on the wall. 
           There's a crack in the wall.  If Joel puts his eye right up
           to it he can see what's going on in the guest room next door.

           Through the wall he can see Iris and Donald.  Iris is setting
           out Donald's guest linens on his bed.  Joel can only make
           out bits and pieces of their conversation.

                                 IRIS
                        ...not much in the way of luxury...

                                 DONALD
                        ...nicest bed I'll ever sleep in...
                        best cup of coffee...prettiest eyes...

           Donald puts his arms around Iris and kisses her.  Joel hangs
           the mirror back on the wall and goes over to lie in bed.  He
           takes a framed photo off the bedside table.

           It's a picture of his mother, arm-in-arm with a handsome
           young man.  Joel traces the young man's face with his finger. 
           Joel whispers intently to the young man in the photograph. 
           We can't hear what he's saying but his eyes water over.  

           Outside the wind is howling in the trees, the walls of the
           house are vibrating just a little bit, and Joel can hear the
           strange whispers and moans on the air.  

           INT. CARSON HALLWAY - MORNING

           It's the break of dawn.  The door to Iris's bedroom creaks
           open.  Donald pokes his head out.  He carries his bags. 
           Inside the room we can see Iris lying asleep in her bed.

           Donald leaves the door open just a crack and treads lightly
           as he walks down the hall, trying not to make a sound.

           INT. CARSON FOYER - MORNING

           Swiftly but cautiously Donald starts down the stairs.  He
           stops short when he sees Joel sitting on the floor just in
           front of the door to the house, holding his bat and glove.

                                 JOEL
                        You're leaving already?

           Donald pitches his voice low to avoid waking Iris.
                                 DONALD
                        I've got some urgent business to
                        attend to, so our game of catch will
                        have to wait for another day.

                                 JOEL
                        You're not gonna say goodbye to her?

           Joel rises and stands in front of the door.  Donald opens
           his jacket and shows Joel the pistol on his belt.

                                 DONALD
                        Look, it's cute the way you try to
                        take care of your mother.  But will
                        you let me pass?  There's a freight
                        train due at seven and I'd like to
                        be ready to jump on board.

           Joel opens the door.  Donald nods to Joel as he heads outside
           carrying his suitcases.  Joel watches Donald running off.  

           INT. IRIS'S BEDROOM - MORNING

           By now Iris is sitting up awake in her bed.  She's dressed
           in a lacy chemise and wrapped in a blanket.  Joel heads up
           the stairs on his way back to his room.  Iris smiles sadly.

                                 IRIS
                        Why don't you make up a story for us
                        and then maybe I can start thinking
                        about what we'll have for breakfast.

           Joel comes into the bedroom and sits on the bed next to Iris.

                                 JOEL
                        There was this king who built a castle
                        a thousand miles high.  And the castle
                        had a dungeon a thousand miles under
                        the ground.  It was so deep that no
                        prisoner had ever escaped...

           Iris wraps her arms around Joel, already feeling better. 
           Joel smiles, takes a deep breath, and keeps telling the story,
           as the morning sunlight shines down through the open window.

           INT. TALLEY'S DRUG STORE - DAY

           About half a dozen customers mill about the drug store. 
           Iris stands at the counter while the owner GEORGE TALLEY
           (35) rings up her purchases.  George wears spectacles, is
           rail-thin, stands ramrod-straight, and is tightly-wound. 
           Excitedly Iris picks up a lipstick from the display.
                                 IRIS
                        Ruby red!  Olive, I think you saw me
                        coming down the street and put this
                        out on display just to tempt me!

           OLIVE TALLEY (35) stands by the magazine rack, keeping a
           close eye on Joel to make sure he doesn't shoplift anything. 
           Olive is fluttery, nervous, and over-emotional.

                                 OLIVE
                        Then George had better ring you up
                        quick before you get any more tempted.

           Iris laughs as she puts the lipstick in with her purchases.

                                 GEORGE
                        Say, Iris, will you be joining us at
                        the revival meeting tomorrow night?

                                 IRIS
                        Kind of you to mention it but I've
                        got too much to do around the house.

                                 GEORGE
                        Tent'll be right down by the quarry. 
                        Gonna be here a whole week this year.

                                 OLIVE
                        Now leave her in peace, George, she
                        already said she doesn't want to go.

                                 GEORGE
                        It's just I think Reverend Wheelwright
                        has a message that'd be especially
                        good for you to hear, Iris.

           Iris's posture noticeably stiffens.  Joel pretends to be
           absorbed in The Phantom but he's listening very closely. 
           All the other customers in the store are listening now too.  

                                 IRIS
                        And what message is that?

                                 GEORGE
                        Thing is, people are getting a little
                        concerned about the kind of men you're
                        letting rent rooms in your house.

                                 IRIS
                        But I need to earn a living.

                                 GEORGE
                        Yes, well, it's just, some of us are
                        wondering what exactly you're giving
                        those men in exchange for their money.
           George shoots Iris a meaningful glance.  Iris's eyes widen
           in anger and indignation.  Everyone in the store watches.

                                 OLIVE
                        Me and George, we know you're lonely. 
                        I think we understand that better
                        than anybody.  After we lost Julia,
                        there were whole days we couldn't
                        even come down here to open the store.

           Iris winces to hear Olive compare their situations.

                                 OLIVE (CONT'D)
                        But the Reverend - he helped us.  It
                        makes the rest of life bearable,
                        just to imagine her waiting for us
                        on the other side.  

                                 IRIS
                        I'm glad he gave you comfort.  I
                        just don't think he has any for me.

                                 GEORGE
                        But maybe it'd do you good to spend
                        a few nights listening to the Reverend
                        preach instead of staying home to
                        entertain some new traveling salesman.

           Iris is aware she's being called out in public and it's
           utterly mortifying.  Everyone in the store is listening.

                                 IRIS
                        You can't sell me the lipstick and
                        then shame me for wearing it.

           Iris picks up her bags and extends her arm to Joel.  Joel
           takes advantage of the commotion to shoplift the magazine. 
           They walk out of the store as fast as their legs carry them.

           INT. JOEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Joel sits at his desk, raptly reading his stolen issue of
           The Phantom.  He hears some distant noises from outside.  He
           goes to his window and looks off into the distance.

           He can see lit torches down by the quarry.  A couple of trucks
           are parked there.  Their headlights cut through the night. 
           There are several men hard at work erecting a large tent.

           Overcome with curiosity, Joel climbs out the window and into
           the branches of the large oak tree that's just outside.
           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - NIGHT

           As stealthily as possible, Joel clambers through the branches
           and shimmies down the trunk of the tree, landing gracelessly
           but safely on the ground.  He runs off toward the tent.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Joel scampers across the pebbly dirt and stops short at the
           entrance to the tent.  The place looks to be deserted.  

           Joel cocks his ear to the wind: on the breeze he can hear
           the strange whispers and moans.  Quickly he ducks inside.

           INT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Joel steps inside to see that there are torches lit but there
           doesn't seem to be anybody around.  There are a lot of benches
           stacked up, and a wooden platform that must be the altar.

           Hanging behind the altar are a series of tapestries.  They
           depict Reverend Wheelwright at work: making a blind man see,
           making a crippled girl walk, casting demons out of a boy.

           The tapestries are aged.  The paint is chipped and cracked. 
           The images are lurid and grotesque.  Joel stops short at the
           demon-possessed boy and stares at him, fascinated.  

           Without warning the beams of a flashlight illuminate his
           face.  Joel is grabbed by the scruff of the neck by an
           imposing thick-necked teenage farm boy named DEACON JAMES.

                                 DEACON JAMES
                        Beat it, kid, we ain't got anything
                        here that's worth stealing.

                                 JOEL
                        I just wanted to see.

           The flashlight is shut off.  The man holding it is none other
           than REVEREND TOM WHEELWRIGHT (40).  Wheelwright is a broad-
           shouldered and rough-hewn man.  He has the hands of someone
           who's done a lot of hard labor.  He wears a gun on his belt.

           There is nothing pious or effete about him.  He is salt of
           the earth: imposingly powerful and a true believer.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        He's just a young pilgrim who can't
                        wait till tomorrow to be saved.

                                 DEACON JAMES
                        Forgive me, Reverend, but he don't
                        look much like a pilgrim to me.
                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        If Jesus had turned away all the
                        ruffians and hooligans, we wouldn't
                        have much of a church to speak of. 
                        Why don't you unload the truck? 
                        I'll watch over this lamb myself.

           Deacon James nods and heads out of the tent.  Wheelwright
           pours two cups of coffee and hands one to Joel.  Joel points
           to the tapestries behind the altar.

                                 JOEL
                        You really did all those things?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        It's not me who heals them.  People
                        heal themselves with the power of
                        God working through them.

                                 JOEL
                        So you know how to cast out demons?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Why do you care?  You know somebody
                        who's got a demon inside?

                                 JOEL
                        I think I've got a demon in me.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        What makes you so sure of that?

                                 JOEL
                        One night last week I was walking in
                        the graveyard and I saw this demon
                        rise up out of the ground.  He grabbed
                        me by the neck and yanked my mouth
                        open and made me swallow him up.

           Wheelwright grins broadly to hear such a blatant lie.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You don't have any kind of demon in
                        you.  All you've got is mischief.

                                 JOEL
                        How do you know I'm lying?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Because I've seen more demons than
                        I'd care to count.  The first one I
                        ever met was inside my own father. 
                        And demons don't grab you by the
                        neck.  They knock on your front door 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        and you invite them in without even
                        knowing it.  How's the coffee?

                                 JOEL
                        It's good.

           Agitatedly Joel takes a sip of his coffee and nearly burns
           his tongue, it's so hot. 

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Now you might've come here tonight
                        to make mischief, but you're a pilgrim
                        all the same.  Aren't you?

                                 JOEL
                        I don't know.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Here's what I can tell you.  Each
                        second of every day, God is posing a
                        question to you.  And in your heart
                        you know the right answer.  It's
                        tiny things.  If you make your bed
                        before your mother asks you.  If you
                        give a penny to a blind man.  If you
                        take a step closer to God, or a step
                        away.  Do you understand?

           Joel doesn't really understand but he nods all the same.  

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        As for demons - don't go trying to
                        find them.  Believe me, they already
                        know where you are.  Now why don't
                        you get on home?  There's got to be
                        somebody who's started missing you.

           Joel nods.  He puts down his cup of coffee and heads out of
           the tent.  Wheelwright watches after Joel.  He pours the
           dregs of Joel's coffee into his own cup and takes a swig.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Joel comes through the flap of the tent and breaks into a
           run back to his house.  As he runs home, it seems like the
           wind is blowing harder, swirling up the leaves around him,
           and it feels like the voices on the breeze are even louder.

           INT. CARSON FOYER - MORNING

           The early morning light makes its way through the windows. 
           Joel sprawls out on the floor, drawing, with his paper and
           pencils scattered all around him.  His drawings are of
           dragons, knights, pirates, angels, devils, and monsters.
           There's a knock on the front door.  Joel gets up and opens
           it.  Two silhouetted figures stand in the doorway.  Joel has
           to squint to see their faces in the sun.

           The woman is named HEPZIBAH WEBB.  She wears a long, dusty
           cloak over a black dress, and a tall pointed hat.  She is
           brusque, unsociable, and so unkempt she's almost feral.

           The man is named EZEKIEL MOSS.  He wears a frayed old black
           suit and a beaten-down old hat.  He is gentle and courtly
           but politely reserved.  He has an open, friendly, handsome
           face, but there's something sad and lost behind his eyes. 
           For the want of a better word he looks haunted. 

           They are neither old nor young but it's hard to pin down
           their precise age.  There's something unsettling about them. 
           As far as Joel is concerned, they look exactly like demons.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Are you gonna invite us in?  Or are
                        you just gonna stand there with your
                        mouth open till you swallow a fly?

                                 JOEL
                        What do you want?

           Iris steps into the foyer from the parlor.  Ezekiel doffs
           his hat and takes a tentative step into the room.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If you'll permit us to introduce
                        ourselves.  My name is Ezekiel Moss. 
                        And this is my partner Hepzibah Webb.

           Ezekiel extends his hand to Iris stiffly and formally. 
           Hepzibah isn't interested in shaking hands with anybody.

                                 IRIS
                        I'm Iris Carson and this is my son
                        Joel.  What can we do for you?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        At the post office in town they told
                        us you might have rooms for rent.

                                 IRIS
                        Two lovely rooms on the second floor. 
                        Sunset views.  It's usually three
                        dollars apiece for the week but since
                        you're traveling together I'll make
                        it an even five.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        We only need one room.  I can sleep
                        on the floor.  I do it all the time.
                                 IRIS
                        If the two of you aren't married,
                        I'll have to ask you to take separate
                        rooms.  You understand I can't let
                        this house develop a reputation.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        According to the folks at the post
                        office, your house has already got
                        quite a reputation.

           Ezekiel flushes red, embarrassed by Hepzibah's comment.  But
           if Iris is offended she plays it off delicately.

                                 IRIS
                        Let me correct myself, then: I can't
                        let this house develop any more of a
                        reputation.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Of course we'll pay the five dollars
                        for two rooms.  We'll be staying for
                        the whole week.  And we'll pay in
                        full and in advance.

           Ezekiel gestures to Hepzibah.  Grudgingly she opens her purse
           and hands five crumpled old dollar bills to Iris.  Joel
           watches intently, not even remotely trusting the new guests.

                                 IRIS
                        Are you here for the revival meeting?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        None of your goddamn business.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        We're tradespeople.  But we've found
                        a revival meeting is a good place to
                        make the acquaintance of new clients.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        If they buy the Reverend's horseshit
                        then they'll buy anything.

           Ezekiel flushes red again.  Iris attempts a gracious laugh.

                                 JOEL
                        Where's your sample case?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm sorry?

                                 JOEL
                        If you're a salesman then why don't
                        you have a sample case?
                                 IRIS
                        You'll have to forgive my son.  We've
                        had some pretty shabby characters
                        darken our door in the past and he's
                        just trying to look out for me.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If you're going to open your home to
                        us, you ought to know our business. 
                        I don't carry a sample case because
                        what we sell isn't entirely tangible.

                                 IRIS
                        But it's all perfectly legal, isn't
                        it?  I only ask because a few months
                        ago we rented a room to a very nice
                        man who turned out to be a rumrunner. 
                        He tried to make a still in the water
                        closet and nearly blew up the bathtub. 

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        We're in the insurance business.

           Iris doesn't quite believe this but she doesn't want to press
           the point: five dollars is five dollars, after all.

                                 IRIS
                        Well.  That's fine, then.  I'm sure
                        business is booming.  Everyone could
                        use more peace of mind these days. 

                                 EZEKIEL
                        One thing is we'll be bringing clients
                        back to my room.  Sometimes quite
                        late into the evening.

                                 IRIS
                        Come and go as you please.  I serve
                        supper at six o'clock sharp.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        We don't need any supper.  I have
                        too much work to do.  And Ezekiel
                        needs to get some rest.  In fact,
                        why don't you just leave us both the
                        hell alone for the rest of the week?

           Iris and Joel stare open-mouthed at Hepzibah.  Finally Iris
           regains her composure and extends her arm to Joel.

                                 IRIS
                        Of course.  Joel, why don't you take
                        our guests up to their rooms?
           Hepzibah has already started up the stairs.  Reluctantly
           Joel picks up her bag and follows after her.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I've been walking for days and these
                        goddamn shoes make my feet bleed.

           Ezekiel turns back to Iris, hat in his hand.  He pitches his
           voice low so Hepzibah won't hear what he's saying.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If it's all right, I would like to
                        have supper with you.  And I'm very
                        pleased to make your acquaintance.

           Before Iris can respond, Ezekiel turns and heads upstairs. 
           Iris watches him go.  He's definitely friendly and very
           attractive but she's not sure who she's let into her house.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - DAY

           Joel sits on the porch swing, twisting his hands around each
           other agitatedly.  Ezekiel comes out the front door.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Mind if I join you?

           Joel shrugs his shoulders.  Ezekiel sits down on the swing. 

                                 JOEL
                        That tree over there is where the
                        pirates hide their jewels.  And that
                        creek is where the dragon lives.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I saw their submarine when I arrived
                        this morning.  They built a canal
                        beneath the earth that travels all
                        the way to the Pacific Ocean.  That's
                        how they can get in and out of town
                        without anybody noticing.

           Ezekiel has said this very simply and forthrightly.  Joel
           doesn't know quite how to respond for a moment.

                                 JOEL
                        Also they can breathe underwater
                        because they're half-fish.  They've
                        got gills on their faces.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        They stole the crown jewels from the
                        Emperor of China.  So he made an
                        army of tiny men out of crystal.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                        They can walk across the bottom of
                        the ocean.  Any minute the crystal
                        men will come up out of the creek and
                        take the jewels back to China.

           Despite himself, Joel is impressed with Ezekiel's inventions. 
           For his part, Ezekiel is completely matter-of-fact.

                                 EZEKIEL  (CONT'D)
                        I bet if we sit here for a little
                        while we'll be able to see the battle.

           Ezekiel looks at the creek.  Joel looks back and forth between
           the creek and Ezekiel, not sure what to make of this stranger.

           EXT. MUNICIPAL CEMETERY - DAY

           Joel crouches down and hides behind a mausoleum.  He watches
           as Hepzibah walks up and down the aisle of graves.  

           An OLD MAN approaches one of the graves.  He lays a bouquet
           of flowers down in front of the headstone.  Hepzibah goes
           over to talk to him.  Joel is too far away to make out what
           they're saying to each other.  He watches them closely. 

           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - DAY

           Iris is making a stew for supper.  She's at the counter
           chopping carrots when Joel barrels into the house.

                                 JOEL
                        That lady's been hanging around the
                        graveyard all day.  And that man is
                        really strange.

           Joel is flushed and out-of-breath.  Iris shakes her head.

                                 IRIS
                        There's enough for me to worry about
                        already.  I can't start worrying
                        about things that aren't even real.

                                 JOEL
                        But I think they're demons.

                                 IRIS
                        Listen, baby, I don't mind when you
                        tell stories about dragons in the
                        creek or wizards on the roof.  Those
                        stories make things more fun and we
                        can always use more fun around here.

           Iris puts her arm around Joel and speaks very tenderly.
                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        But why tell stories that make things
                        even worse than they already are? 
                        The world is disappointing enough. 
                        It doesn't need any help from you.

           Joel starts to respond but then he realizes that Iris isn't
           going to believe him anyway.  He heads upstairs.  Iris goes
           back to cutting the carrots, a little unsettled.

           INT. JOEL'S ROOM - EVENING

           Joel sits at his desk trying to do his homework, but he can't
           concentrate.  He looks out the window and sees Hepzibah coming
           up to the front door with the Old Man from the cemetery.

           Now he hears people walking up the stairs.  Quickly Joel
           clambers on top of the dresser and takes the mirror down. 
           He presses his eye right up to the wall.

           Through the crack in the wall he can see Hepzibah leading
           the Old Man into the room.  Ezekiel shakes hands with the
           Old Man.  Joel can only hear snatches of what's being said.

                                 OLD MAN
                        ...and how much does it...

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Eight dollars...ten minutes...not to
                        touch...never come back again...

           Joel strains to hear but that's all he can make out.  Ezekiel
           and the Old Man sit across from each other at the table. 
           Hepzibah dims the lamps, turns over an hourglass on the table,
           and lights a candle.  The candle illuminates Ezekiel's face.

           Joel presses his eye to the wall.  All of a sudden Ezekiel
           gives out a low moan.  In the candlelight it looks like his
           face is distending.  His skin becomes translucent and Joel
           can see the outlines of his skull pressing against his flesh.

           Ezekiel opens his mouth to scream but no sound comes out. 
           He's clearly in vast and excruciating pain.  Suddenly the
           wind blows out the candle.  And now Joel can't see anything.

           INT. CARSON HALLWAY - EVENING

           Stealthily Joel opens the door a crack and looks out.  The
           door to Ezekiel's room opens.  Hepzibah is ushering the Old
           Man out.  The Old Man pulls some cash out of his wallet.

                                 OLD MAN
                        Take all of my money.  Take my watch.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Don't ever tell anybody about us.

           Joel watches all of this very closely through the doorway.

           INT. JOEL'S ROOM - EVENING

           Joel paces back and forth across the room, extremely worked-
           up.  He goes to the window and looks out.  In the distance
           he can see all the people from the town heading down toward
           the revival tent, which looks like it's glowing from within.

           He hears the front door slam.  Hepzibah comes outside and
           starts following the crowd down to the revival meeting. 
           Joel considers a moment.  Then he makes a decision.  He climbs
           out his window and into the branches of the tree.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - EVENING

           Joel clambers across the branches and shimmies down the trunk
           onto the ground.  Keeping his distance so he won't be noticed,
           he follows Hepzibah and the crowd down toward the tent.

           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - EVENING

           There are two places set at the table.  Iris has put her
           hair up and wears a simple, lovely dress.  Ezekiel appears
           in the doorway.  He looks perfectly normal.  There's certainly
           no trace of the creature Joel saw earlier tonight.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Is it just the two of us?

                                 IRIS
                        I gave Joel his supper in his room. 
                        He's been skipping school so he's
                        got a lot of work to catch up on.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        He seems like a very bright boy.

           Ezekiel sits down at the table opposite Iris and she serves
           him the stew and the bread.  She pours two glasses of wine.

                                 IRIS
                        He's an odd duck in case you hadn't
                        noticed.  I can't even understand
                        what he's saying half the time.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        He's got quite an imagination.  I
                        noticed that right off the bat.
                                 IRIS
                        He's made up a crazy story about you
                        and your friend, I'll tell you that.

           Iris laughs at the thought of Joel's story.  Ezekiel is a
           little unnerved by this but he covers it up well.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        He's a little wild.  I wish I could
                        help him straighten up and fly right
                        but I guess that's a father's job.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        He's lucky to have one good parent
                        to tuck him safely into bed at night. 

           Iris looks at Ezekiel, more and more intrigued by him. 
           Ezekiel buries himself in his plate and eats ravenously.

                                 IRIS
                        It's too bad your friend Hepzibah
                        wasn't interested in joining us.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Hepzibah isn't all that interested
                        in, well, people.

           Iris isn't sure quite how to draw Ezekiel out: there's
           something deeply mysterious and unreachable about him.  She's
           certainly attracted to him but she can't make sense of him.

                                 IRIS
                        If you don't mind my saying so, the
                        two of you make a pretty strange
                        pair.  How did you find each other?  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        We've known each other since we were
                        children.  I don't know what I'd do
                        without her.  She takes care of me.    

                                 IRIS
                            (mischievously)
                        Do you think maybe she wants to marry
                        you?  Have you ever asked her?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I can guarantee you Hepzibah doesn't
                        want to marry anybody.

                                 IRIS
                        And what about you?  Do you want to
                        get married someday?
           Ezekiel sees where this is headed.  He stiffens slightly:
           clearly he doesn't want to reveal too much about himself.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I think some people have a knack for
                        love.  They can feel it coming for
                        them from miles away.  And those are
                        the people who find each other, who
                        get married and live long and happy
                        lives together.  I've just never had
                        the knack - that's all.  

                                 IRIS
                        Are you absolutely sure about that?

           A mysterious smile crosses Ezekiel's face.  He speaks without
           bitterness or self-pity.  It's just the honest truth.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've traveled from Canton, Ohio up
                        to Bangor, Maine and down to Lady
                        Lake, Florida and as far west as
                        Morro Bay, California, and on all
                        those miles of road, love hasn't
                        touched me once - it's never even
                        brushed the soles of my shoes.

                                 IRIS
                        My goodness.  What on earth has kept
                        you on the run for so long?

           Ezekiel lets out a little shrug of sly resignation.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've been asking myself that question
                        every single day of my life.

           INT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Joel crouches in the back of the tent so he won't be seen. 
           He eyes Hepzibah, who's standing in the back across the way.

           It looks like almost the whole town is down here sitting on
           the hard wooden benches, singing and praying.  George and
           Olive Talley are of course sitting right up front.  Joel's
           teacher Martha Ayres sits quietly off by herself.

           Up at the altar, Reverend Wheelwright stands with Deacon
           James next to an Old Lady in a wheelchair.  Wheelwright is
           in the midst of fervent prayer over the Old Lady.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Take one step.  I'm not the one who's
                        healing you.  This is between you 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        and God.  But I have faith in both of
                        you.  So let my faith be your
                        strength.  And take just one step.

           With the help of Deacon James, the Old Lady rises up out of
           her wheelchair.  She takes a step toward Wheelwright.  And
           then another step.  And then another step.

           The congregation goes crazy.  George Talley leaps to his
           feet and starts shouting hallelujahs.  Olive is cheering. 
           Wheelwright drops to his knees and starts speaking in tongues.  

           Joel's eyes alight on Hepzibah.  She watches Martha, who is
           the only one sitting quietly amid all the noise and chaos. 
           From his hiding place, Joel watches Hepzibah watching Martha.

           INT. CARSON PARLOR - NIGHT

           After supper Iris brings Ezekiel into the parlor.  She goes
           over to the armoire and pulls out a bottle of liquor.

                                 IRIS
                        I have one bottle left over from
                        when the rumrunner stayed here.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't think I should.  I have to
                        work tonight and I need to keep my
                        head clear.

                                 IRIS
                        One little drink can't hurt, can it?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm grateful for your hospitality.

           Iris pours two glasses.  Ezekiel perches awkwardly on the
           sofa.  This is starting to feel more and more like a date.

                                 IRIS
                        I was lucky to be born in this house.
                        And when my parents passed away, it
                        was mine free and clear.  I scrape
                        together pocket money renting the
                        spare rooms to nice people like you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        So this has always been your home. 
                        That's a fortunate thing.

                                 IRIS
                        If you don't mind my asking, where
                        are your people now?
           Ezekiel hesitates a moment.  This is a difficult topic.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        My mother died when I was born.  And
                        I don't know where my father is.

                                 IRIS
                        Not at all?  I don't mean to pry.

           Ezekiel is looking more and more uncomfortable.  He speaks
           with a practiced stiffness and formality.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        When I was one day old, my father
                        left me on the steps of a church
                        with my birth certificate and their
                        wedding photograph.

                                 IRIS
                        And that's all you know about him? 
                        Have you ever tried to find him?

           Abruptly and curtly Ezekiel rises from the couch.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        All of a sudden I'm feeling a little
                        tired.  I should take a nap before
                        Hepzibah comes back with a customer.

                                 IRIS
                        It's just, I lost my husband the
                        night Joel was born.  He was driving
                        us to the hospital.  There was frost
                        on the road and the car went into
                        the air.  If he hadn't wrapped himself
                        around me to protect me and Joel
                        inside me...  I don't mean to compare
                        our situations.  But I do understand
                        something about how it feels.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm very sorry to hear that.  

           Iris is speaking very matter-of-factly to cover any feelings
           she has.  She waves the whole subject away with her hand. 

                                 IRIS
                        It's eleven years ago now.  I've
                        lived much longer without him than
                        with him.  But still - the feeling
                        never really goes away.  Does it?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        No: I don't think it does.
           Iris goes to the window.  She looks down the hill at the
           lights from the tent.  She shakes her head mordantly.

                                 IRIS
                        Everybody in town is trying to get
                        me to go to that revival meeting. 
                        Like after all this time it'll make
                        me feel better to imagine I'll see
                        him in Heaven.  But he's gone and
                        that's all there is to it.  You know?

           Iris turns to look at Ezekiel plaintively, her hopelessness
           barely concealing her deep hopefulness.  Ezekiel opens his
           mouth to speak: he doesn't even know where to begin.  The
           two of them consider each other for a moment, both aching.

           All of a sudden the screen door bangs shut.  Ezekiel and
           Iris turn to see Hepzibah and Martha standing in the foyer.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        Oh.  Well.  Hello, Martha.  What are
                        you doing out so late?  Can I offer
                        anybody a cup of coffee?

                                 MARTHA
                        No, it's all right, I mean--

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Oh, for Christ's sake, let's go
                        upstairs, we don't have all night.

           Hepzibah turns and heads up the stairs.  Nervously Martha
           follows after her.  Ezekiel and Iris are left alone.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Apparently I have a client.  Well. 
                        No rest for the weary.  Excuse me.

           Ezekiel makes an awkward attempt at a bow to Iris.  Then he
           heads up the stairs.  Iris watches after him.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - NIGHT

           Joel quickly climbs up the tree and crawls back inside through
           the open window, trying not to make too much noise. 

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Joel slips into Ezekiel's room and looks for a place to hide. 
           He heads into the closet and shuts the door behind him,
           leaving it open just a crack so he can see what's going on
           in the room.  He wraps his arms around his knees and waits.
           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Iris comes into the kitchen and stands over the sink, staring
           at the dirty dishes.  A single tear falls down her cheek. 
           Defiantly she wipes it away.  She goes back to work. 

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Ezekiel steps into the room and closes the door behind him. 
           Tensely he runs his fingers through his hair: he's had quite
           an evening already and his work for the night has only begun.

           Hepzibah takes Martha's coat and sits her down at the table. 
           Martha twists her hands nervously around the straps of her
           purse.  From inside the closet, Joel watches intently.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Eight dollars.

           Martha reaches inside her purse and takes out the money. 
           She still can't quite believe she's agreed to do this.

                                 MARTHA
                        Highway robbery.  And what if I'm
                        not satisfied with the results?

           Hepzibah takes the bills and puts them in a jar on the table. 
           Ezekiel dims the lamps and lights a candle.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If we don't keep up our end of the
                        bargain, you get a full refund.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        We get paid up front because in the
                        past we've had some trouble with
                        freeloaders.  And it costs him a lot
                        to do this.  Frankly he's undervalued.

                                 MARTHA
                        I went to a medium once.  There was
                        a Ouija board and lots of banging on
                        the table, it was too silly for words.

           Ezekiel shakes out his hands to sober himself up before he
           goes to work.  He sits down at the table across from Martha.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        This isn't that.  First off: why
                        don't you tell me who you miss?

                                 MARTHA
                        My husband Charlie.  I have a picture
                        of him if that helps.
           Martha reaches into her purse and hands Ezekiel the picture.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It's not necessary but it can't hurt.

                                 MARTHA
                        Is there anything you need me to do?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        All you have to do is want him back. 
                        Do you think you can do that?

                                 MARTHA
                        It's the easiest thing in the world.

           Martha smiles shyly at Ezekiel.  Ezekiel smiles back at her. 
           Roughly Hepzibah leans across the table to Martha.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Here's the rules.  Keep your hands
                        on your side of the table.  You're
                        never allowed to touch Ezekiel.

                                 MARTHA
                            (a little alarmed)
                        Is that for my safety?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Actually it's for my safety.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You have ten minutes.  So make sure
                        you know what you want to ask.  Some
                        people get flustered.  Then afterward
                        they regret it.  No refunds for that.

                                 MARTHA
                        I know exactly what I want to ask.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Good because this is a one-time-only
                        deal.  We don't take repeat customers.

                                 MARTHA
                        Yes, you've made that perfectly clear.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        One last thing - you're not allowed
                        to tell anybody about this, not ever.

                                 MARTHA
                        This is easily the most embarrassing
                        thing I've done in my whole life. 
                        Do you honestly think I'm going to
                        tell anybody about it?
                                 EZEKIEL
                        Then we're ready to start.

           Ezekiel closes his eyes.  Martha stares at him warily.  In
           the closet, Joel knows what's coming and he cups his hands
           over his ears.  Hepzibah turns over the hourglass.

           Ezekiel gives out a soft moan.  Through Joel's eyes, it seems
           like Ezekiel's flesh is stretching and contorting, as though
           something is pushing through his body.

                                 MARTHA
                        What's happening to him?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Quiet - it'll be over soon.

           The walls of the house start to vibrate.  A strong wind blows
           through the open window.  The closet door bangs open.  Joel
           can't close it or he'll risk being seen so he just tries to
           stay as far back in the shadows as possible.

           And suddenly the spell passes just as quickly as it came and
           Ezekiel is silent and still again.  Inside the closet, Joel
           cautiously uncups his hands from his ears so he can hear.

           And when Ezekiel opens his eyes and stares across the table
           at Martha, it seems to Joel like he's become somebody else.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Well, hello there, Martha.

           Ezekiel looks exactly the same and he speaks in his own voice. 
           But his speech is a drawl and he has the crooked posture of
           an old man.  To Joel it looks like there's another soul in
           Ezekiel's body.  But Martha is understandably too skeptical
           to accept it right away.  She frowns at him.

                                 MARTHA
                        That's not really you in there, is
                        it, Charlie?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        You're such a schoolteacher.  Always
                        wanting empirical evidence.  

                                 MARTHA
                        I paid good money to talk to my
                        husband.  I ought to examine the
                        merchandise or else I'll get gouged.  
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        The day we met, you were standing
                        outside the American Legion Hall and
                        you were bleeding all over your dress
                        because you'd tried to feed a rabid
                        cat and it bit you.  I gave you my
                        handkerchief to wrap around the wound
                        and took you to get a tetanus shot.

           Martha still isn't sure whether or not this is a hoax but
           she decides she might as well believe it.

                                 MARTHA
                        I've missed you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Tell me: what have you been doing
                        with yourself since I've been gone?

                                 MARTHA
                        You know the drill.  Hundreds of
                        cursive writing assignments.  Hundreds
                        of dead-eyed boys and girls reciting
                        the seven times tables and the
                        preamble to the Constitution and the
                        poems of Miss Emily Dickinson.

           Martha is on a tear of anger and pain.  In the closet, Joel
           inches closer to hear, leaning dangerously into the light.  

                                 MARTHA (CONT'D)
                        Then lugging the papers home every
                        night to grade them over a bottle of
                        bootleg gin.  Endless games of bridge
                        with the ladies, losing track of all
                        my tricks.  All these days like paper
                        chains.  That's how I've been.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Breaks my heart to hear that.

           Hepzibah catches sight of Joel and her eyes narrow in anger. 
           She goes to the closet door and slams it shut.  Martha and
           Ezekiel are both too wrapped up in each other to notice.

                                 MARTHA
                        I'm wrecked without you, Charlie. 
                        I'm just killing time.  But enough
                        about me.  How have you been?
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Same as you, pretty much.  Sometimes
                        I can feel you brushing by me on the
                        stairs or I sit on the file cabinet
                        at school and try to watch you teach
                        your class but mostly I can't see
                        you or hear you.  So it's lonely.

                                 MARTHA
                        That's what it's like being dead?

           Joel peers through the tiny crack in the doorway and listens
           as closely as he can.  He doesn't know what Hepzibah is going
           to do with him but he knows it won't be good.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        I stay close to what I love and mostly
                        what I love is you.  I try to reach
                        you but I can't: sometimes I feel
                        like I'm letting go of myself and
                        soon I'll break apart and disappear.  

           Hepzibah checks the time on the hourglass.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You're running out of time.

           Martha nods at Hepzibah.  She leans across the table to
           Ezekiel and speaks with a hushed urgency.

                                 MARTHA
                        Charlie, something's growing in my
                        chest and it's eating up my insides. 
                        The same thing that killed my mother. 
                        I haven't told anybody, but I guess
                        my secret's safe with you, isn't it?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        I knew as soon as I saw you.

           Martha leans further across the table, extending her arms to
           Ezekiel.  Hepzibah takes note of this but decides not to do
           anything about it just yet.  Joel is breathing very hard.

                                 MARTHA
                        I know you've been waiting for me a
                        long time but please don't disappear
                        just yet.  Will you stay long enough
                        to meet me?  Please?
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        That's what you wanted to ask me? 
                        Of course I'll wait for you.  Now
                        come on over here so I can kiss your
                        hair.  Please?  Martha?

           With a surge of feeling, Ezekiel reaches across the table
           for Martha.  Hepzibah puts her hands down on his shoulders.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        That's enough, Charlie, calm down.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Believe me, I'd break through this
                        man's body if that would get me even
                        one inch closer to you.

           Martha lets out a sob.  Ezekiel is getting very worked up. 
           Now Hepzibah has to restrain him bodily.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Stay right there, Martha, don't you
                        touch him, I told you the rules.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        I'd wait a thousand years for you. 
                        I've been all alone here in the empty
                        air waiting for you.

           Hepzibah grabs hold of Ezekiel and speaks intensely into his
           ear.  Deeply anguished, Martha sits very still in her chair.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        It's all right, Ezekiel, you can let
                        go of him, you come back to yourself
                        now, you've done your job.

           Ezekiel's eyes close.  He starts to moan under his breath. 
           Hepzibah whispers soothingly to him, helping him through.

           The house starts to vibrate again and the breeze from the
           window knocks over a chair.  Inside the closet, the shelves
           start shaking, and a few hatboxes tumble down on Joel's head.  

           Ezekiel rubs his eyes and takes a drink of water.  Martha is
           frozen in her chair.  She is at a loss for words.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I hope I haven't disappointed you.
                                 MARTHA
                        Quite the contrary.  You did exactly
                        what you promised.  In fact I think
                        you might consider raising your fee.

           Martha rises.  Her feet buckle slightly underneath her. 
           Hepzibah goes to Martha and helps steady her.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Let Hepzibah see you out.  It usually
                        takes some time to get your bearings.

           Martha shakes her head.  She needs to get out of the room.

                                 MARTHA
                        It's a dark night and a long walk
                        and I'd like to get home to bed.

           And Martha is gone.  Hepzibah shuts the door behind her. 
           Immediately she flings open the closet door to reveal Joel
           sitting on the floor.  Ezekiel stares at Joel, surprised.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        What the hell are you doing in there?

                                 JOEL
                        I'm sorry.

           In a blind fury, Hepzibah grabs Joel by the collar and drags
           him out of the closet, beating her fists into his chest.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I should kill you right now!  I should
                        strangle you with my bare hands!

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Don't, Hepzibah, you're only making
                        things worse--

           Joel wrenches himself away from Hepzibah.  Quickly he climbs
           out the window and clambers down the tree into the yard.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I've got to catch him before he runs
                        off to the Sheriff or the Reverend--

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Quiet, you'll wake up his mother,
                        let me take care of the boy myself--

           And Ezekiel and Hepzibah start to head out of the room and
           down the hall, moving as quickly and stealthily as possible
           and trying to be as quiet as possible.
           EXT. MUNICIPAL CEMETERY - NIGHT

           Joel runs down the hill through the cemetery.  He's moving
           as fast as his legs can carry him.  He allows himself one
           look back.  There's a shadowy figure running after him.

           Joel turns to face forward.  His eyes are wide with panic
           and fright.  He runs faster and faster.  He can hear the
           footsteps of the figure behind him, gaining on him.

           And then two arms reach out from behind Joel.  He is grabbed
           by the shoulders and spun around.  Joel looks up in fright.  

           It's Ezekiel.  Joel struggles to get away but Ezekiel is
           holding onto him firmly and implacably.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Where do you think you're going?

                                 JOEL
                        Let go of me!  Leave me alone!

                                 EZEKIEL
                        What's the point of running when you
                        don't have anywhere to go?

           Joel realizes that Ezekiel's too strong for him so there's
           no chance he's going to get away.  He stops struggling. 
           Ezekiel keeps his strong and steady grip on Joel's shoulders.

                                 JOEL
                        What are you going to do to me?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't want to do anything to you.

                                 JOEL
                        Your friend said she was going to
                        strangle me to death.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I can protect you from Hepzibah but
                        only if you do exactly what I say.

           Ezekiel's voice is insistent but steady.  His arms are firmly
           around Joel's shoulders.  It's very tense between them.

                                 JOEL
                        What do you want me to do?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        First of all you can't tell anybody
                        about us.  Not even your mother.
                                 JOEL
                        If I don't tell, then you won't do
                        anything bad to us?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I like you and your mother very much. 
                        I like staying in your house.  And I
                        don't want you to get into trouble.

                                 JOEL
                        Are you in trouble?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        There are a lot of people who don't
                        like what I do.

           Joel is incredibly frightened by Ezekiel but at the same
           time he's also completely fascinated by him: this is the
           first time he's ever met a creature like this in real life.

                                 JOEL
                        Can you really make ghosts come into
                        your body?  Or is it just a trick?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        What do you think?

                                 JOEL
                        I think you're real.  What are you? 
                        Are you a demon?  Are you a monster?

           Ezekiel considers this very seriously.  He looks directly
           into Joel's eyes and speaks with something like sorrow.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I suppose I am a monster.  I suppose
                        that's the only word for what I am. 
                        So will you keep my secret?  

           Their eyes are still locked on each other.  Finally Joel
           nods his head.  He shrugs his shoulders a little forlornly.

                                 JOEL
                        Nobody ever believes me anyway.

           Ezekiel allows himself the faintest flicker of a smile.  He
           loosens his hands from around Joel's shoulders and nods.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Why don't you come back inside? 
                        It's not safe for you out here.

           Then Ezekiel turns and starts heading back toward the house. 
           Joel stands alone in the middle of the graveyard.  He can
           hear the strange whispers and moans on the air again.
           Then Joel makes a decision.  He heads up toward the house,
           following Ezekiel but keeping a safe distance between them.

           INT. CARSON HALLWAY - NIGHT

           Joel creeps back up the stairs.  Ezekiel is heading into his
           room.  Ezekiel turns around and looks at Joel.  His expression
           is implacable and unreadable.  Then Ezekiel shuts his door.

           Joel wants to go his own room but he's too scared to walk
           past Ezekiel's door.  He turns and heads down to the other
           end of the hall.  He opens the door to his mother's room.

           INT. IRIS'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Joel cautiously steps into the room.  Iris lies in bed, a
           sleeping mask on her eyes and cotton balls stuffed in her
           ears.  A liquor bottle and a glass sit on the bedside table.  

           Joel climbs into bed with his mother.  She moves slightly
           but she doesn't wake up.  Joel stares up at the ceiling. 
           It's not clear if he's protecting her or she's protecting
           him.  But it's clear Joel isn't getting any sleep tonight.

           INT. CARSON PARLOR - MORNING

           Iris puts the liquor bottle back into the armoire.  Joel
           comes down the stairs and heads straight for the door.  He
           really doesn't want to talk to his mother this morning.

                                 IRIS
                        Aren't you hungry for breakfast?

                                 JOEL
                        I don't want to be late for school.

                                 IRIS
                        At least let me kiss you goodbye.

           Joel stands there with his hand on the doorknob.  Iris goes
           to him and kisses him on the forehead.  He's struggling under
           the weight of all his new knowledge.

           Joel heads out the door, a little boy with the world on his
           shoulders.  Iris watches him head down the road.

           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - MORNING

           Iris is working in the kitchen.  Ezekiel comes down the
           stairs.  Iris turns to see him.  Neither one of them knows
           quite what to say for a moment.

                                 IRIS
                        There's a pot of coffee on the stove.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        I hope we didn't keep you up too
                        late last night.

                                 IRIS
                        I stuffed my ears with cotton so I
                        was dead to the world.  But that
                        must be some really amazing insurance
                        you're selling, that's all I'll say.

           Ezekiel shifts on his feet a little bit awkwardly.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It's probably best if we don't talk
                        too much about what I do.

                                 IRIS
                        A lot of different types of men come
                        to stay here in my house for a night
                        or two.  By now I'm an expert at
                        looking the other way.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It's just, if you knew me better,
                        you might not want me to stay here.

                                 IRIS
                        I certainly don't want you to go.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't want to go either.

           They hold each other's gaze a moment.  Then they look away.

                                 IRIS
                        I know you have to work tonight so I
                        guess you wouldn't have any time to
                        go to the pictures with me.  It's a
                        show I'd really like to see and it'll
                        be quiet with everyone at the revival.

           Ezekiel hesitates.  It's clear he'd really like to go with
           her but he also knows it's probably a terrible idea.  Iris
           smiles hopefully at him.  Finally he makes a decision.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I haven't been to the pictures in
                        years.  I suppose we could sneak out
                        so long as we don't get back late.

           All of a sudden Hepzibah comes down the stairs, carrying her
           bags in her arms.  She glares at both of them.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm afraid we have to leave town
                        right away.  I won't ask you for a
                        refund.  We paid for the full week.

           Brusquely Hepzibah turns and leaves the room.  Ezekiel and
           Iris stare at each other in incomprehension.  Then Ezekiel
           heads off after Hepzibah, shaking his head, exasperated.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - MORNING

           Hepzibah comes out the front door with her bags, letting the
           screen door slam shut behind her.  She heads into the yard,
           dragging the bags behind her.  Ezekiel comes out the front
           door.  He has to run to catch up with her.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Why do we have to leave now?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Because the boy saw everything!

           Ezekiel is a little taken aback at the ferocity of her anger.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I swore him to secrecy.  And he's
                        too frightened to say anything.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You can't trust him.  Sooner or later
                        he'll talk to his mother or his
                        friends.  And then somebody will
                        tell Reverend Wheelwright that we're
                        following his meeting around again,
                        and then the sky will fall in!

                                 EZEKIEL
                        The mother likes me, and I guarantee
                        she won't go talking to Wheelwright--

           Now Hepzibah rails on Ezekiel with even more fury.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Don't get me started on the mother. 
                        She's the real reason you don't want
                        to leave, isn't she?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        She's a good woman in a bad situation
                        and I'm just trying to be her friend.

           Hepzibah lowers her voice so there's no way that Iris can
           hear her from inside the house.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You want to be much more than her
                        friend.  I think that's actually why
                        you don't want the boy to tell her
                        about you.  Isn't it?

           This is precisely what Ezekiel is afraid of and he's furious
           at Hepzibah for calling him out on it.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm not going anywhere today.

           Ezekiel and Hepzibah stare each other down, neither one of
           them budging an inch.  Finally Hepzibah drops her bags on
           the ground.  She extends her arms helplessly to the sky.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Then I guess I'd better get to work.

           Hepzibah turns and heads out of the yard.  Ezekiel stares
           after her for a moment.  Then he picks up the bags and starts
           to carry them back inside the house.

           INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           Joel sits at his desk, drawing Ezekiel's face on his pad:
           contorted and wrenched and crying out in pain.  Martha stands
           in front of the blackboard reading from a book of poetry.  

                                 MARTHA
                        ...I shall not see the shadows, I
                        shall not feel the rain, I shall not
                        hear the nightingale sing on as if
                        in pain...

           The other kids are bored.  They pass notes or pinch each
           other or stare out the window daydreaming.  Only Joel looks
           up at Martha: he sees his teacher in a very different light
           this morning.  She recites with surprising fervor. 

                                 MARTHA (CONT'D)
                        ...And dreaming through the twilight
                        that doth not rise nor set, haply I
                        may remember, and haply may forget...

           Gradually Joel becomes aware of the whispers on the air again. 
           He turns to look at the file cabinet and watches as a breeze
           lightly blows the stack of papers on top of it.  It's as
           though somebody is watching and listening very closely.

           EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           At the end of the day, Martha stands at the door as all of
           her students come running past, thrilled to be rid of her.
           Only Joel hangs back in the doorway.  Martha stares at him
           quizzically.  With a rush of compassion, Joel throws his
           arms around Martha and embraces her tightly, comforting her.

           Martha has no idea what's brought on this show of emotion
           but she lets Joel envelop her in an embrace all the same.

           EXT. INDERMILL CREEK - DAY

           Joel is walking home from school past the creek.  Ezekiel
           sits in the dirt skipping stones along the water.  

                                 JOEL
                        What are you doing?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I was waiting to see you actually.

                                 JOEL
                        I didn't say anything to anybody.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I just wanted to make sure you were
                        all right after everything that
                        happened last night.

           Ezekiel holds Joel in his gaze.  Joel stuffs his hands in
           his pockets.  He's bursting with questions for Ezekiel.  It
           takes all of his effort to work up the courage to speak.

                                 JOEL
                        Can I ask you a question?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You can ask anything you want but
                        I'm not going to answer you.

           Ezekiel gets up from the dirt and starts walking away from
           Joel.  Joel is too curious: he keeps following after Ezekiel.

                                 JOEL
                        Did somebody sell your soul to the
                        devil?  Or were you born like this? 
                        Are your father and mother like you?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you.

                                 JOEL
                        Does it hurt when you make the ghosts
                        come into your body?  Because it
                        looks like it hurts.

           Ezekiel turns to Joel.  There's a flash of anger in his eyes. 
           It's clear that Joel's questions are hitting a nerve.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        The only way I can keep you safe is
                        if you don't know anything about me.

                                 JOEL
                        Do you ever wish you were different?  

           Ezekiel's eyes narrow into slits.  For a moment he looks
           very frightening.  But then his face softens slightly.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Don't you?

           Joel opens his mouth to respond but then he realizes that he
           doesn't know what to say.  Ezekiel and Joel consider each
           other, suddenly realizing that they're very much alike.

           Then Ezekiel turns and heads off down the road.  Joel stares
           after him, more and more fascinated by him.

           EXT. MUNICIPAL CEMETERY - DAY

           Walking through the cemetery, Joel sees Hepzibah copying
           down names from the tombstones in her notebook.  He hides
           behind one of the tombstones, watching her closely. 

           Hepzibah moves down the row of tombstones.  Joel keeps on
           watching.  He creeps behind the tombstones, following her.

           INT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           The revival meeting is in full swing.  Wheelwright stands up
           at the altar preaching.  If anything the tent is even more
           crowded tonight.  Hepzibah and Joel skulk in the shadows. 
           Hepzibah is watching Wheelwright.  Joel is watching Hepzibah.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        God has given us this one life.  But
                        it isn't ours to keep.  You try to
                        hold onto your life and it'll just
                        slip through your fingers.

           Joel's eyes alight on George and Olive Talley, who are sitting
           as usual in the front row.  George is rocking back and forth
           in prayer.  Olive gazes on Wheelwright with rapt attention.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        So you have to make a gift of your
                        life.  Will you give it to whiskey? 
                        Will you give it to loose women?  Or
                        will you give it back to God?

           Joel steps closer to Hepzibah.  Hepzibah sees him and whirls
           on him, whispering to him with a quiet, controlled fury.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Didn't I already warn you to stay
                        out of our business?

           Joel whispers to Hepzibah as he points out George and Olive.

                                 JOEL
                        That's Mr. and Mrs. Talley.  They
                        own the drug store.  They had a little
                        girl named Julia.  But last year she
                        drowned in the creek.

           Hepzibah turns to look at Joel.  The expression on her face
           slowly changes.  She nods gruffly at Joel.  

           From up on the dais, Wheelwright catches sight of Joel and
           Hepzibah.  His eyes narrow into a dark suspicion.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           The revival meeting is breaking up for the night.  Joel
           watches from his hiding place behind one of the trucks.

           George and Olive Talley come out of the tent.  Hepzibah
           follows behind them.  She taps George on the shoulder.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm sorry to bother you.  Iris
                        Carson's boy told me you run the
                        drug store in town.

                                 GEORGE
                        We're open tomorrow from seven till
                        five if you need anything.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I was wondering if you wouldn't mind
                        opening up for me tonight.  I've
                        been staying at Iris's boarding house
                        and I've been having so much trouble
                        getting to sleep.

                                 OLIVE
                        No bother at all - we'd be happy to.

           George can't help but roll his eyes: Olive is such a soft
           touch.  The three of them head off toward the town.  Joel
           creeps out from behind the truck.  But he comes face to face
           with Wheelwright, who towers over him, shaking his head.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        It's my lost pilgrim.

                                 JOEL
                        What do you want?
                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Are you friendly with that woman?

           Wheelwright gestures in the direction where Hepzibah has
           headed off with George and Olive.  Joel is brought up short
           but he manages to come up with a lie without much difficulty.

                                 JOEL
                        She was looking for the drug store. 
                        I've never seen her before.  I don't
                        think she lives around here.  

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'd highly recommend that you keep
                        your distance from her.

                                 JOEL
                        Did she do something wrong?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        She's a barnacle on the side of my
                        boat.  And I know there are sheriffs
                        in at least three states who'd like
                        to run her in.  She travels with a
                        man.  They try to keep to the shadows.

           Joel looks at Wheelwright, surprised by this new information.

                                 JOEL
                        Do you think they're demons?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Shouldn't you be in bed?  Tomorrow
                        is a school day after all.

           Joel nods at Wheelwright.  He turns and heads off toward his
           house.  Wheelwright watches after Joel very intently.

           INT. PICTURE SHOW - NIGHT

           Ezekiel and Iris sit together in the nearly empty theater. 
           Most everybody else in town is down at the revival meeting. 
           They're watching Roscoe Karns try to pick up Claudette Colbert
           in It Happened One Night and they're having a great time.

           Iris curls up in her seat, doubled over with laughter. 
           Ezekiel keeps sneaking glances at her: when she's laughing
           like this, she seems like a tender-hearted little girl.

           Iris clutches Ezekiel's hand tightly and they both laugh
           joyously together in the dark movie house.
           EXT. CONGRESS STREET - NIGHT

           Joel heads home down the street.  He sees George and Olive
           lead Hepzibah into the drug store and turn on the lights.

           Joel stops and sits in the shadows beneath the pool hall
           awning on the other side of the street, watching closely.

           INT. TALLEY'S DRUG STORE - NIGHT

           George unlocks the door and leads Olive and Hepzibah inside. 
           Hepzibah takes a seat on one of the stools as Olive goes to
           get the sleeping pills and George unlocks the cash register.

                                 GEORGE
                        Are you in town for the revival?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I've traveled all over the country
                        following one preacher or another.

                                 GEORGE
                        Most preachers just dust off some
                        dry sermons and then pass the plate
                        around.  But Reverend Wheelwright is
                        the genuine article.

           Olive hands the sleeping pills over to Hepzibah.

                                 OLIVE
                        I have dreadful insomnia myself, so
                        I can tell you from experience, this
                        is the best thing on the market.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm very grateful.  I'd like to do
                        something for both of you in return.

                                 GEORGE
                        All in a day's work.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Would I be right to guess that you've
                        recently suffered a terrible loss?

           George's fingers freeze on the cash register buttons.  Olive's
           face goes pale.  Hepzibah considers them evenly.

                                 GEORGE
                        Iris Carson's boy told you that too?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm so sorry for you both.  Is that
                        what's causing your insomnia, ma'am?  
                                 (MORE)
                                 HEPZIBAH (CONT'D)
                        Grief can be such an awful burden on
                        both the body and the soul.

                                 OLIVE
                        We all make it through the day the
                        best we know how.

           Olive looks very tense and George looks very hostile but
           Hepzibah is calm: she's an expert in these situations.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Oh yes.  We take our sleeping pills
                        and we bow our heads in prayer.  But
                        it's never really enough, is it?

                                 GEORGE
                        I'm a salesman myself so I know when
                        someone's trying to sell me something.

           George glares at Hepzibah.  She holds him in her steady gaze.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        What if you could speak to your
                        daughter again for ten minutes?

                                 GEORGE
                            (a moment, then quietly)
                        Get out of my store.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm sure there's all kinds of things
                        you wish you'd said to her when she
                        was alive.  And all kinds of questions
                        you'd like to ask her now.  I have a
                        friend who can give her back to you.

           Olive is listening very closely.  Her face is unreadable.

                                 GEORGE
                        Do you think we're fools?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I think for a long time now you've
                        wished somebody like me would walk
                        through your door.  Isn't that right?

           George opens his mouth to respond but finds that he can't
           think of anything to say.

                                 OLIVE
                        How much would it cost?
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Eight dollars of your money.  Ten
                        minutes of your time.  If it doesn't
                        work, we'll give you a full refund.  

           George and Olive look back and forth at each other.

                                 HEPZIBAH (CONT'D)
                        Really you have nothing to lose.  If
                        we can bring her back to you, then
                        you get to speak with her one last
                        time.  And if we can't, then at least
                        you'll know it's impossible and you
                        can stop hoping.  Either way it'll
                        be a relief.  So what do you say?

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - NIGHT

           Ezekiel and Iris come up the walk, heading home, laughing to
           themselves about the movie, having a very nice time.

                                 IRIS
                        I haven't been to the pictures in
                        such a long time.  It was awfully
                        sweet of you to take me.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It was so nice of you to ask me.  I
                        don't go out very much, I'm afraid.

           Ezekiel is friendly but formal: he doesn't know how to act. 
           Iris blushes a little but she plays it off very lightly. 
           She's trying to be flirtatious without being forward.

                                 IRIS
                        It must be so lovely to travel around
                        the country the way you do.  A new
                        town every week.  All these strangers
                        waiting to become your friends.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Well.  It's not as nice as you make
                        it sound.  Mostly I sleep in hard
                        hotel beds and I eat off cafeteria
                        trays.  I never really make any
                        friends.  I always thought it'd be
                        nice to have a home like yours.

           In his halting, awkward way, Ezekiel is reaching out to her. 
           Iris can see this and she's deeply touched by him.

                                 IRIS
                        It's not all it's cracked up to be. 
                        A small town like this...it's full 
                                 (MORE)
                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        of small-minded people.  It doesn't
                        take much to get a bad reputation.    

                                 EZEKIEL
                        How could you have a bad reputation?

                                 IRIS
                        Oh, you know, I run a boardinghouse. 
                        Lots of men stay here for a night or
                        two and, present company excepted,
                        they aren't always respectable.  And
                        I'm a woman without a husband. 

                                 EZEKIEL
                        But don't you hope that someday you'll
                        get married again?

           Ezekiel is asking this question for all kinds of reasons. 
           Iris is deeply affected but she still keeps things light.

                                 IRIS
                        That kind of thing - it only happens
                        when you're a girl.  So I'm fairly
                        certain it's never going to come
                        around for me again.  But that's all
                        right.  I had my spin on the carousel.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm sure you must still miss your
                        husband very much.

                                 IRIS
                        Oh, I don't know.  It's just every
                        day I see more of him in Joel.  So
                        sometimes I wish...but it's too nice
                        a night to talk about things like
                        that.  Isn't it amazing, the size of
                        the sky on a night like tonight?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've traveled all over the country
                        and I don't think I've ever seen a
                        sky this nice.

                                 IRIS
                        Poor thing - don't you ever want to
                        pull off your boots - get off the
                        road - rest your weary bones - look
                        up at the same sky every night?

           Impulsively Iris takes Ezekiel's hand and kisses him on the
           mouth.  Overcome by emotion, Ezekiel wraps his arms around
           her and kisses her back. 
           All of a sudden Joel comes barreling down the walk, nearly
           crashing into Ezekiel and Iris.  Shaken out of her reverie,
           Iris takes hold of her son.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        Joel!  What are you doing out so
                        late?  You were supposed to do your
                        homework and go right to bed!

           Joel loosens himself from Iris and runs into the house. 
           Iris starts to go after him.  Then Ezekiel and Iris turn to
           see Hepzibah coming across the yard with George and Olive. 

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Good evening, Ezekiel, I'd like you
                        to meet George and Olive Talley.

           Hepzibah's eyes narrow to see Ezekiel and Iris together. 
           George and Olive shake their heads, confirmed in their low
           opinion of Iris.  Iris is stunned to see George and Olive.

                                 IRIS
                        Well.  My goodness.  George.  Olive. 
                        I don't think I ever expected the
                        two of you would come visit my house.

                                 OLIVE
                        We were only - we just came here to -
                        what I mean is...

           Olive trails off helplessly.  George is growing more and
           more annoyed and impatient.  He turns to Hepzibah.

                                 GEORGE
                        Can we get this over with?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Right away.  Ezekiel?  Are you coming?

           Hepzibah starts up the porch steps with George and Olive in
           tow.  Ezekiel hesitates a moment.  Then he nods regretfully
           to Iris and heads inside after them.  Iris watches them go. 
           She doesn't know what to think about what's going on tonight.

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Ezekiel strides into the room, still extremely worked up,
           and shuts the door behind him.  George and Olive stand tensely
           in the room.  Ezekiel turns to Hepzibah.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You told them the rules?
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Only ten minutes, no repeat visits,
                        no touching you, no telling anyone.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        All right then: who do you miss?

           Ezekiel sits down at the table and tries to compose himself.

                                 OLIVE
                        Our daughter Julia.

                                 GEORGE
                        You'll give us the eight dollars
                        back if this turns out to be a trick? 
                        Otherwise I'm calling the sheriff.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        There won't be any need for the
                        sheriff.  If you'll both have a seat.

           George and Olive sit at the table opposite Ezekiel.  Hepzibah
           dims the lamp, lights the candle and turns over the hourglass.

           Ezekiel closes his eyes.  He lets out a soft moan.  The house
           shakes.  The window flies open.  The whispers and moans can
           be heard on the breeze.  George is entirely unconvinced.

                                 GEORGE
                        Oh for crying out loud.

                                 OLIVE
                        George, I'm asking you to be still.

           Hepzibah watches intently.  Olive puts her hand to her mouth. 
           But George is determined not to believe anything is happening.

                                 GEORGE
                        This makes a mockery of everything
                        Reverend Wheelwright has been--

           Then suddenly Ezekiel is still.  He opens his eyes and stares
           across the table at them.  Now he appears to be someone else.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        Mommy?  Daddy?

           Of course Ezekiel looks the same, but his voice is breathier
           and softer, and he wraps his hands beneath his legs on the
           chair, squirming like an 8-year-old girl.  Olive is
           astonished.  George shakes his head darkly.

                                 OLIVE
                        Julia?  Darling?
                                 GEORGE
                        You know that's not Julia.  He's
                        just trying to imitate her voice. 
                        Not doing a very good job either.

           Ezekiel flutters his hands in front of his face.  Tears spring
           to his eyes.  George stares daggers at him across the table.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        I'm sorry I ran away.  I know you
                        said stay in my room so we can all
                        go to the creek together.  But it
                        was sunny out and I had my new bathing
                        suit on and I couldn't wait.

                                 OLIVE
                        It's all right, my darling, please
                        don't cry--

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        It was nice in the creek so I kept
                        swimming but then I got too far out
                        and my feet couldn't find the bottom
                        and I yelled as loud as I could but
                        you didn't come find me!

           Inside Ezekiel, Julia is deeply upset by the memory.  Olive
           is devastated and George is utterly furious.

                                 OLIVE
                        We were too far away, my love, we
                        heard you and we ran as fast as we
                        could, we were just too late--  

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        I thought you were angry at me for
                        going swimming without you so you
                        weren't coming to help me!

                                 OLIVE
                        No, no, we never would've abandoned
                        you, please forgive us--

                                 GEORGE
                            (deeply upset)
                        You're making all of this up!  You
                        paid Joel to tell you about our
                        daughter!  That's all this is!  You
                        ought to be ashamed!

           Inside Ezekiel's body, Julia is confused and frightened. 
           She looks to her mother for comfort and protection.
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        If you're not mad at me, then why is
                        Daddy yelling at me?

                                 OLIVE
                        He's not, it's fine, Mommy's here.

           Olive reaches across the table toward Ezekiel.  Hepzibah
           leans across the table to stop them from touching.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I warned you, Mrs. Talley, keep your
                        hands on your side of the table.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        I just wanted to go swimming!  I
                        didn't do anything wrong!

           Angrily George rises and bangs his fist against the table.

                                 GEORGE
                        Vultures!  Monsters!  Demons!

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Mr. Talley, if you won't calm down,
                        I'll have to ask you to leave--

                                 GEORGE
                        Why in God's name would you make us
                        live through this all over again?

           Inside Ezekiel, Julia can only believe that her father is
           yelling at her, so she bursts into tears.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        Why does Daddy hate me?  

                                 OLIVE
                        He doesn't hate you!  I promise!  He
                        just misses you!  You have no idea
                        how much we miss you!

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        Sometimes at night I can hear Daddy
                        crying, and sometimes I can see you
                        lying in my bed all day--

           George reaches out his arm and knocks the table over.  The
           candle goes flying to the floor and Hepzibah stomps her foot
           to put out the flame.  Inside Ezekiel, Julia is terrified.
                                 GEORGE
                        Enough!  Enough!

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        Daddy, please, don't--

                                 OLIVE
                        Your father just doesn't understand,
                        please, my love, don't cry--

           Inside Ezekiel, Julia is sobbing.  Olive is bawling.  George
           seethes with fury.  The candle has gone out so the room is
           only lit by the moonlight.  Hepzibah raises her arms.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        That's it!  We need to stop!

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Julia)
                        Why won't you kiss me, Mommy?  Please,
                        kiss me and make it all better!

                                 OLIVE
                        Of course, my darling--

           Olive reaches out and takes Ezekiel's hand.  All of a sudden
           there's a flash of lightning that cuts across the dark room.

           The glow appears to be emanating from Ezekiel's body.  Or
           maybe it's just the lightning cutting across the room.  George
           and Olive go still as they turn to Ezekiel in shock.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Let go of him!

           Ezekiel's body goes as stiff as a board.  He collapses to
           the ground, knocking over the chair as he falls.

                                 OLIVE
                        Where has Julia gone?  You promised
                        us ten minutes with our daughter!

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I warned you not to touch him!  It's
                        too dangerous!  Why didn't you listen
                        to me?  You're both so stupid!

                                 OLIVE
                        You mean now she's gone for good?

           All of a sudden the door flies open.  Iris flies into the
           room dressed in her nightgown.  She's in a state of panic. 
           Joel comes running down the hall.  He stands behind Iris.
                                 IRIS
                        What's all that noise?  What in God's
                        name is going on in here?

           George leans over the the unconscious Ezekiel and grabs him
           by the lapels.  He bangs Ezekiel's head into the floor.

                                 GEORGE
                        You're a fraud!  You're a monster! 
                        They ought to throw you in jail!

           In a blind fury, George is pounding Ezekiel's head into the
           floorboards.  Olive screams.  Iris and Hepzibah pull George
           off of Ezekiel with a surprising force.  

                                 IRIS
                        George, you let go of him right this
                        instant!  What gives you the right
                        to come into my house and--

                                 OLIVE
                        George, stop it, what are you doing-- 

                                 IRIS
                        You act all high and mighty but you're
                        worse than anybody, that's the truth--

           Iris has gotten George away from Ezekiel.  Hepzibah holds
           Ezekiel in her arms and cradles him tenderly.

                                 GEORGE
                        Give us our money back!  I'm not
                        going anywhere till these people
                        give us our money back!

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Come back to me, Ezekiel, it's all
                        right now, you're safe here, you've
                        done your job for the night.

                                 OLIVE
                        No, George, stop it, let's go home,
                        I want to go home, it's too late--

           Olive runs out the door and down the stairs.  George follows
           after her, shoving Joel aside as he runs off.

                                 IRIS
                        Joel, baby, you go back to bed now,
                        you don't need to be seeing this--

           Joel runs off.  Ezekiel comes back into consciousness.  He
           looks at the overturned table, the anguished faces of Iris
           and Hepzibah, and the mess that's been made.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        You should run after them, Hepzibah. 
                        We should give them their money back.

           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - NIGHT

           Iris dips a cloth into a basin of water and presses it against
           the bruise on Ezekiel's forehead.  Ezekiel flinches.  They
           are both enormously worked up from the events of the night.

                                 IRIS
                        Hold still.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Honestly I'm not hurt.  He took me
                        by surprise is all.

                                 IRIS
                        You've got a nasty bruise.  Just let
                        me take care of it.  George Talley
                        acts all pious but he's always more
                        than ready to start a brawl.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm making trouble for you.

                                 IRIS
                        Don't be ridiculous.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If you want, Hepzibah and I can clear
                        out of here first thing tomorrow.  

                                 IRIS
                        That's the last thing I want.

           Iris stops with her hand pressing the cloth to Ezekiel's
           forehead.  It's extremely intimate between them.  Ezekiel
           winces.  It's less from pain and more from regret.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm sorry for everything that I did
                        tonight.  For what happened with
                        George Talley.  And for...I shouldn't
                        have kissed you.  I'm so sorry.

                                 IRIS
                        You really are a gentleman, aren't
                        you?  Most of the men who stay here,
                        they're not nearly as kind as you. 
                        They figure I'm running a five-and-
                        dime and they can have me for a song.  

           Iris is deeply embarrassed and ashamed.  Ezekiel is mortified. 
           It takes him a moment to figure out what to say to her.  
                                 EZEKIEL
                        But things can't go any further.  If
                        I kiss you again, I'll want to stay
                        for good, and I can't.  It wouldn't
                        be any good for either one of us.  

           Iris smiles sadly.  Ezekiel is so polite that he's trying to
           make it seem as though he isn't rejecting her.

                                 IRIS
                        I guess if some things were different
                        other things would be otherwise.

           All of a sudden Hepzibah comes barreling through the front
           door.  She looks at Iris holding the cloth, her hand on
           Ezekiel's forehead.  She allows herself a disgusted sneer.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I gave those jackasses their money
                        back.  Now can we all get some goddamn
                        sleep?  Is that too much to ask?

           Hepzibah storms up the stairs.  Ezekiel heaves a sigh.  He
           smiles sadly at Iris, then turns and heads up to his room.

           Iris empties the pot of water into the sink, staring at the
           dirty dishes.  Impulsively she picks up a teacup and hurls
           it against the wall.  It shatters into bits.  She buries her
           head in her hands, furious with herself, utterly devastated.  

           INT. TALLEY'S DRUG STORE - NIGHT

           George unlocks the door to the drug store and leads Olive
           inside.  He starts up the stairs that lead to their apartment. 
           Olive doesn't have the strength to take another step.

                                 GEORGE
                        In the morning I'll talk to the
                        sheriff and he'll take care of those
                        people.  And then we'll go and see
                        Reverend Wheelwright and he can--

           Olive surrenders herself to sobs.  Her sobs are bitter and
           heaving and frightening.  She stares at George, devastated.

                                 OLIVE
                        You wrecked everything!  You wouldn't
                        believe it was her!  You screamed at
                        her!  You made her cry!

                                 GEORGE
                        But I--

           Olive shakes her head angrily.  George subsides into silence. 
           The sobs are coming out of her one after another like waves.
                                 OLIVE
                        It was our one chance to talk with
                        her and you destroyed it!  And now
                        she's never coming back!  You took
                        her away from me all over again!

           The truth of this hits George like a ton of bricks.

                                 GEORGE
                        I'm going out for a walk.  You should
                        take a pill so you can sleep.

           Stiffly George moves past Olive and heads outside.  Olive
           watches after him until he disappears from view.

           EXT. INDERMILL CREEK - NIGHT

           It's past midnight by now.  George walks down to the edge of
           the creek.  The night is very still.  There's only the breeze
           and the sound of the gently rushing current.

           George stuffs his hands in his pockets and stares out at the
           place where his daughter drowned.  He shudders.

           He takes off his glasses and puts them in his pocket.  He
           kneels down and picks up several large stones from the ground. 
           Methodically he piles the stones deep inside his pockets.

           He stands on the bank of the creek.  Then he takes a step
           into the water.  Then another step, and another.  He's in no
           hurry.  Now he's up to his neck in the water.

           He knows the drop-off is coming.  There's no expression on
           his face.  He considers the water and the trees and the sky. 
           He takes one last long look at the world.

           Then he takes one more step.  And he disappears beneath the
           surface of the water.

           The night is still again: there's only the breeze and the
           sound of the gently rushing current.

           EXT. INDERMILL CREEK - MORNING

           But in the morning the creek isn't nearly so still.  On his
           way to school, Joel walks past.  The SHERIFF is there, along
           with a few of the other men from the town.

           Joel steps closer to try and get a better look.  Some of the
           men are wading out of the creek.  Their hip-boots squish
           against the mud.  They're carrying something in their arms.

           Joel can't quite make out what they're carrying.  He sneaks
           around one of the trees to try and get a closer look.  But
           the Sheriff is there and puts his hand over Joel's eyes.
                                 SHERIFF
                        You run off to school now, boy.

           Joel looks up at the Sheriff, startled and frightened.  Then
           he turns and breaks into a run, racing off to school.

           EXT. CONGRESS STREET - DAY

           Iris comes walking quickly down the street, very distraught. 
           The door to the drug store is wide open but nobody's at the
           counter.  Hurriedly she crosses the street and heads inside. 

           INT. TALLEY LIVING ROOM - DAY

           Iris comes quickly up the stairs.  About five or six of the
           women from town are gathered in the apartment.  One woman is
           making tea.  The others stand in pairs whispering sadly to
           each other.  Iris turns to the woman who's making tea.

                                 IRIS
                        Let me know how I can help.

           There is a sob from the bedroom.  Iris turns and looks through
           the open door.  She sees Olive sitting on her bed crying. 
           Two other women are with her, each holding one of her hands. 
           Iris steps toward Olive.  But Olive shakes her head angrily.

                                 OLIVE
                        This is all your fault!  You let
                        that man into your house!  Your son
                        is the one who told them about us!

           Olive bursts into jagged sobs.  Iris stands very still in
           the middle of the room, completely uncomprehending.

                                 OLIVE (CONT'D)
                        And I know what you do with the men
                        in your house!  You're going to bed
                        with him!  You're the Devil's whore!  

           Iris stares at Olive.  She can only assume that Olive is
           deranged with grief.  Nobody else knows what to say.

                                 IRIS
                        Olive, I don't understand what you--

                                 OLIVE
                        I'm going to tell Reverend Wheelwright
                        all about you!  He'll throw you in
                        jail!  He'll make sure they take
                        Joel away from you!

           Iris steps back, shocked, unable to make sense of any of this. 
           The living room door swings open and Reverend 
           Wheelwright steps into the room.  He carries his Bible and
           looks very solemn.  All the women turn and look at him.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Mrs. Talley sent for me.

                                 OLIVE
                        I need to talk to the Reverend alone.

           Through her tears, Olive extends her arms to Wheelwright. 
           Iris turns and quickly heads out the door and downstairs.

           EXT. CONGRESS STREET - DAY

           Iris comes out of the drug store and heads down the street. 
           The townspeople are gathered in small clumps, talking amongst
           themselves somberly.  Iris nods at a few of them.

           But when the townspeople see Iris, some of them avert their
           gaze from her, and some of them stare at her very darkly. 
           Iris is deeply unnerved and completely at a loss.

           EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           At the end of the day, Martha stands at the schoolhouse door
           as all the children run past her and head home.

           Iris comes walking up the steps of the schoolhouse just as
           Joel heads out the door.  He looks up at Iris nervously.

                                 JOEL
                        Am I in trouble?

                                 IRIS
                        Wait outside for a minute.

           Martha leads Iris inside the schoolhouse.  Apprehensively
           Joel looks after them.

           INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           Martha admits Iris into the classroom and closes the door.

                                 IRIS
                        Apparently I don't know what's going
                        on in my own house these days.

           Iris holds Martha in her steady gaze.  Martha sits down at
           her desk and rubs her temples with her fingers.

                                 MARTHA
                        The first thing you should know is I
                        don't think they meant to do anybody
                        any harm.  And as far as I'm concerned
                        they did me a world of good.
           Iris sinks into a chair as Martha starts to tell her story.

           EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           Joel paces back and forth outside the schoolhouse.  Iris
           comes out the door and extends her arm to him.  She looks
           very upset.  They start to walk quickly across the field.

                                 IRIS
                        How long exactly have you known about
                        all of this?

                                 JOEL
                        He told me not to tell you.  He said
                        if you didn't know anything about it
                        then you couldn't get in trouble.

                                 IRIS
                        Have you been helping them?

                                 JOEL
                        He didn't mean to do anything bad. 
                        He was just born this way.  He's
                        only trying to help everybody.

                                 IRIS
                        Oh, Joel, you don't actually believe
                        that they're really demons, do you?

                                 JOEL
                        But I saw it!

                                 IRIS
                        Of course you think that's what you
                        saw.  But you believe all kinds of
                        things that can't possibly be true.

           Joel stares at his mother in stunned incomprehension.

                                 JOEL
                        You don't think he's real?

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - DAY

           Ezekiel and Hepzibah are sitting on the front porch as Iris
           comes up the walk, holding Joel's hand, absolutely furious.

                                 IRIS
                        I need you to tell me exactly what
                        you've been doing in my house.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        There's nothing wrong with what we're
                        doing.  It's all totally above-board.
                                 IRIS
                        You put my son to work for you. 
                        Collecting information for you.

           Ezekiel turns to look at Hepzibah, very upset by this.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You've got him working for you now?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I didn't force him to do anything. 
                        He volunteered to help.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I told you I didn't want them to get
                        involved.  I told you that I wanted
                        to keep them safe.

                                 IRIS
                        It's a little late for that now.  I
                        need you both to leave right away.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        We're paid up for a full week - we're
                        not leaving without a refund.

                                 IRIS
                        After everything you've done, you're
                        actually asking me for money?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You're right, we'll leave right away,
                        we won't cause any trouble for you--

           All of a sudden Wheelwright heads up the walk.  He isn't any
           less imposing in broad daylight.  Deacon James is with him,
           along with a sizable portion of Wheelwright's congregation.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Didn't I tell you there's no need to
                        go searching for demons?  Because it
                        looks like they've already beaten a
                        path to your door.

           They all turn and look at Wheelwright and the townspeople. 
           Ezekiel holds up his hand to calm everybody down.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        How can we help you, Reverend?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm afraid it gives me no pleasure
                        to see you both again.   
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I've been listening to you preach
                        all week and you're absolutely right,
                        it's been no pleasure at all.

           Wheelwright starts heading up the walk to the porch.  The
           townspeople follow after him.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I've warned you before not to ever
                        do business with my congregation.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        If they got what they needed from
                        you, then they wouldn't need to buy
                        what we're selling.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        What I give them comes from God. 
                        What you give them...let's just say
                        it comes from someplace else.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                            (a harsh laugh)
                        Are you actually trying to put the
                        fear of Jesus into me?

           Wheelwright smiles darkly.  It's extremely tense right now.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Did you bring George and Olive Talley
                        up to this house last night?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        That's what this is about?  Did George
                        Talley send you here?  We gave him
                        everything he asked for plus a full
                        refund and he's still ungrateful.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Last night George Talley put stones
                        in his pockets and walked into the
                        creek so I'd say he's a hell of a
                        lot worse than ungrateful.

           Hepzibah takes a step backward.  Ezekiel goes very still.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I didn't know anything about that.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I thought you might like to hear. 
                        So first off I'm asking you kindly
                        to leave my congregation alone.
           Wheelwright stands his ground firmly.  Hepzibah is feeling
           very threatened so she lashes out.  Ezekiel looks ashen. 
           Joel and Iris watch closely.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I don't like how you're looking at
                        us.  Like we held his head underwater
                        ourselves.  We didn't do anything
                        wrong.  You come back with the sheriff
                        if you want to run us out of town.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        If I call the sheriff he'll find out
                        quick that there are warrants out
                        for your arrest in Missouri and Kansas
                        and Oklahoma for starters.  So maybe
                        it's best if we handle this ourselves.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        How do you propose to handle it?

           Wheelwright is playing the rabble-rouser and the peacekeeper
           at the same time.  It's truly a masterful performance.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I understand this boy is the one who
                        told you about George and Olive. 
                        And how they lost their little girl.  

                                 IRIS
                        He didn't know any better.  He's
                        only eleven years old.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        He's been running errands for those
                        people - did you know about that?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Until right now she didn't have any
                        idea what we were doing in her house.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Now I find that hard to believe. 
                        Word around town is that she's been
                        keeping company with you.

                                 IRIS
                        Last I checked this was my private
                        property and I'm beginning to think
                        you're trespassing, Reverend.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        See, I've heard this isn't the first
                        man of questionable character you've 
                                 (MORE)
                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        let into your house.  Apparently
                        you've got quite a reputation in
                        this town.  If you're an unfit mother
                        then maybe it'd be best to remove
                        the boy from your sphere of influence.

           With a surge of anger Iris picks up the pitchfork from the
           porch and holds it out toward Wheelwright's face.  Ezekiel
           and Hepzibah and Joel seize up in panic and shock. 

                                 IRIS
                        You've got five seconds to turn around
                        and walk away from my house.

           Iris holds the pitchfork an inch from Wheelwright's face. 
           Iris and Wheelwright keep their unblinking eyes on each other.

           Ezekiel and Hepzibah and Joel watch the scene very tensely. 
           The congregation looks very upset.  There's a very good chance
           it's about to get violent.  Then Wheelwright raises his hand. 
           He nods in capitulation.  Iris allows herself a small smile.

           Wheelwright turns and starts to head out of the yard.  The
           congregation follows after him, whispering amongst themselves. 
           Iris is triumphant.  Wheelwright speaks over his shoulder.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        All right then: I'll be back soon
                        with the Sheriff.

                                 IRIS
                        That's good to know.  I'll be waiting
                        right here for both of you.

           It's clear to Ezekiel that Iris is endangering herself by
           standing up for him.  He calls out to Wheelwright.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I want to speak to you alone.

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - DAY

           Ezekiel admits Wheelwright into his room and shuts the door. 
           Wheelwright sits on the bed.  Ezekiel sits at the desk. 
           They consider each other for a highly-charged moment.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I've known darkness all my life.  My
                        daddy found an awful demon in a bottle
                        of whiskey.  But I've never seen a
                        worse demon than the one inside you.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        Why don't you just tell me what you
                        want from me?

           Wheelwright takes out a cigarette and lights it.  He takes a
           deep drag before he speaks.  Ezekiel watches him closely.  

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Come down to my tent and together we
                        can cast the demon out of your body.

           Ezekiel is already shaking his head no.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've been to preachers and faith
                        healers before.  It never ends well.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Since the last time you crossed my
                        path I hired a man to look into your
                        history.  Sad tale: losing your mother
                        when you were born.  Then your father
                        left you in that orphanage.

           Ezekiel stiffens slightly to hear Wheelwright tell his story.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        And speaking of your father...old
                        Reverend Hull told me about a man
                        who used to follow his revival
                        meeting.  He sounded a lot like you. 
                        He kept to the shadows.  He said he
                        could make ghosts come into his body. 
                        Called himself Quentin Moss.

           Ezekiel's hands start to shake a little.  It's suddenly clear
           to Wheelwright that he's hit a nerve.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Did you ever find out anything about
                        what happened to Quentin Moss?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Reverend Hull tried to lay hands on
                        him but the poor man was too far
                        gone.  He was all demon.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        And do you have any idea where Quentin
                        might be these days?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Half a day's drive from here.  If
                        he's where Reverend Hull left him. 
                        But that was thirty years ago.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        He's that close?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Best you don't ask me anything more
                        about what's become of him.  Just
                        believe me: you don't want his life.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Why do you care what happens to me?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You've got a terrible demon in you,
                        but I've got a great gift in me.  So
                        maybe I was put on this earth to
                        save your soul.

           Ezekiel thinks about this long and hard.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You need to do two things for me.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You're not in any position to be
                        driving a bargain here.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I want to make certain nobody blames
                        Joel or Iris for anything that's
                        happened in this house.  I know you
                        can take care of that.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        As far as I'm concerned, they're
                        both completely innocent.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        And I want to meet my father.

           Wheelwright is brought up short by this.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        It'll only make you sad.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I need to know what he really is. 
                        So I can figure out what I really
                        am.  That's the only way I'll ever
                        know how I can be healed.

           Wheelwright weighs this heavily.  He stubs out his cigarette.
                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You meet me down at my tent tomorrow
                        at dawn and I'll drive you out there. 
                        But if you don't show, then I can't
                        be responsible for anything that
                        happens to the boy and his mother.

           INT. CARSON FOYER - EVENING

           Hepzibah watches as Ezekiel leads Wheelwright down the stairs. 
           He opens the door.  Wheelwright doffs his hat to Hepzibah. 
           Then he leaves the house.  Ezekiel shuts the door.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        What did that jackass say to you?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I promised I'd go somewhere with him
                        in the morning.  And if I do what he
                        asks, he'll take care of everything.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        That's what he says, but if we stay
                        past sunset, he'll have a mob coming
                        after us with torches and pitchforks.

           Ezekiel gestures outside.  Through the window they can see
           Wheelwright talking to his congregation.  After a moment
           they all turn and start heading out of the yard.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        We got innocent people tangled up in
                        this.  If I run away now, all the
                        trouble's gonna fall on them.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Who the hell cares what happens to--

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I understand if you don't want to
                        stick around.  You're free to go if
                        that's what you want.

           Ezekiel holds Hepzibah in his gaze.  Hepzibah is taken aback:
           Ezekiel has never suggested anything like this before.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You know I'm never going anywhere
                        without you.

           Hepzibah speaks with tremendous tenderness and fervor. 
           Ezekiel allows a grateful smile to cross his face.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        Then why don't you get our things
                        packed?  I have to try and make things
                        right with Joel and Iris and it'll
                        be easier if I can talk to them alone.

           Hepzibah takes this in.  She shakes her head darkly.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        You've already gotten that boy into
                        enough trouble.  And whatever you
                        want from that poor woman, she won't
                        be able to give it to you.  All you're
                        doing is breaking your own heart.

           Hepzibah turns and heads upstairs.  Ezekiel looks out the
           window at Iris sitting all alone on the porch.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - EVENING

           Ezekiel comes out the front door.  Iris is sitting on the
           porch swing, staring straight ahead, her face hard.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't really know how to begin.

                                 IRIS
                        I won't believe anything you say
                        anyway so it really doesn't matter.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've made a deal with the Reverend. 
                        I'm gonna do everything he asks and
                        he's promised to leave you in peace.

                                 IRIS
                        Honestly I don't trust either one of
                        you as far as I can throw you.

           It fills Ezekiel with tremendous pain to hear this.  He stuffs
           his hands in his pockets and speaks as simply as possible.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I know it doesn't make any difference
                        now but the only reason I didn't
                        tell you the truth about myself is
                        because I wanted to protect you.

                                 IRIS
                        You actually expect me to believe
                        that you are what you say you are?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't expect you to believe it but
                        it's the truth.
                                 IRIS
                        You follow revival meetings from
                        town to town looking for suckers--

                                 EZEKIEL
                        We follow the meetings because that's
                        the best way to find as many people
                        as possible who've lost somebody--

                                 IRIS
                        And your friend collects secrets
                        about them--

           Iris is utterly betrayed and infuriated.  Ezekiel is utterly
           devastated and bereft.  He defends himself as best he can.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Hepzibah just tries to find out about
                        everybody in town so we know who
                        needs our help--

                                 IRIS
                        And you pretend to be whoever it is
                        that those poor people are missing--

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm not pretending.  It's something
                        that happens to me.  I can't even
                        remember any of it afterward--

                                 IRIS
                        So maybe you've been lying to people
                        for so long that now you're actually
                        starting to believe your own lies--

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Believe me, I wish I was lying.  I
                        wish I could stop it.  All I ever
                        wanted was to take this thing inside
                        me and use it to try and help people.

           Ezekiel is speaking with tremendous passion and feeling. 
           Iris stops short and listens to him very intently.

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                        But now it's so clear to me that I
                        can't go on like this.  Not for one
                        more day.  I have to try and find
                        some way to stop it.

           Iris realizes that Ezekiel truly believes that he is what he
           says he is.  She shakes her head, a little overwhelmed.
                                 IRIS
                        You really believe that you can...are
                        you out of your mind?  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Sometimes I think I must be.  I can't
                        see them or hear them or talk to
                        them.  I can only feel them...moving
                        through me.  Especially when I'm in
                        a place they cared about or when I'm
                        with someone they loved.

           Iris swallows hard.  She can't look at Ezekiel now. 

                                 IRIS
                        So are you saying that - do you mean
                        to say that there's someone you can...
                        when you're here with me?

           Ezekiel knows what she's asking.  He's been expecting it.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        He's here all the time.  He's here
                        now.

           Iris lets a tear fall from her eyes.  Then she wipes it away.  

                                 IRIS
                        Naturally that's what you'd say.

           While they've been talking the sun has set.  It's growing
           darker and darker around them.  Ezekiel hesitates.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Would you like to talk with him?

                                 IRIS
                            (with a harsh laugh)
                        Of course I want to talk to him. 
                        But there's not a thing in this world
                        you can do about that.

           Ezekiel looks down at his hands.  It's going to cost him so
           much to do this.  But he's in love with her so he's desperate
           to help her any way he can.  He leans in to her intensely.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've done so much damage.  I want to
                        do something to help you.  And I
                        don't have anything else to offer. 
                        So will you let me?

                                 IRIS
                        Why don't you go upstairs and start
                        packing your things?
           Ezekiel heads into the house and lets the screen door slam
           shut behind him.  Iris is alone on the front porch.  She is
           left alone with her thoughts.  Slowly her face changes.  

           She puts her hand to her face and looks up at the night sky. 
           She can barely wrap her mind around what she's about to do.

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Ezekiel starts to pack his things but then he stops.  He
           sits down and puts his head in his hands.  

           The door opens and Iris steps into the room.  She's changed
           into a very pretty dress and retouched her makeup and put up
           her hair.  She looks as scared as a girl on a first date.

           Ezekiel looks up to see her all dolled up and his heart nearly
           cracks in two.  He gestures for her to shut the door.

                                 IRIS
                        I can't believe I'm doing this.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Just sit next to me.  This may look
                        like it hurts but I promise I'm fine.

           Ezekiel dims the lamps in the room and lights the candle on
           the table.  Iris sits down next to Ezekiel and nods.

                                 IRIS
                        I guess it's now or never.

           Ezekiel closes his eyes.  He gives out a soft moan.  It
           doesn't look like anything particularly supernatural is
           happening.  Maybe he's trying to control himself in front of
           Iris or maybe this is just how he looks through her eyes.

           Finally he opens his eyes.  He considers Iris with bashful
           amazement.  He doesn't seem like himself anymore: he acts
           like a good-hearted, sweet-natured, rough-riding farm boy.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Aw, Iris, you know you didn't have
                        to dress up for me.

           Iris's voice catches in her throat.  She wants to believe
           it's her husband but all her logic tells her otherwise.

                                 IRIS
                        I don't believe this for a second. 
                        This is just embarrassing.
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        You don't have to say anything if
                        you don't want.  You can just sit
                        there and let me look at you.

           Ezekiel holds Iris in a gaze that's loving and full of desire. 
           It takes Iris a moment to find the words.

                                 IRIS
                        That can't be you, Will.  Can it?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        I was thinking today about when we
                        were sixteen and it was my first day
                        working in the mine.  Do you remember? 
                        You borrowed your daddy's car without
                        asking and you drove all the way out
                        there to pick me up from work.

           Despite herself, Iris allows herself to get carried away by
           the memory.  More and more she's allowing herself to believe.

                                 IRIS
                        And you were so filthy you got coal
                        dust all over the inside of the car
                        and you drove so fast through the
                        swamp that the tail-lights fell off. 
                        And my daddy was so mad he wouldn't
                        let me see you for a month.

           Both Iris and Ezekiel are laughing a little bit now.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        So every night you'd sneak out this
                        window and climb down that tree and
                        meet me at the creek and we'd go
                        swimming and you'd let me kiss you.

           Iris's laughter withers and dies on her face and suddenly
           she looks very sad and lost.

                                 IRIS
                        I miss the way I was with you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Yeah, I miss how I was with you too.

           Iris hesitates again.  Asking this next question is like
           jumping off a huge precipice into the unknown.
                                 IRIS
                        Can I ask you something, Will?  What's
                        it like where you are?

           Ezekiel frowns.  He scratches his head.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        It's kind of hard to say really. 
                        It's like I'm here but I'm not here. 
                        Sometimes I hear your voice but I
                        can't make out the words, or I catch
                        a glimpse of you but it's only a
                        shadow.  And boy, does that make me
                        sad.  Mostly it feels like I'm waiting
                        for something but I'm not sure what.

                                 IRIS
                        That's mostly what it's like for me
                        too.  I think about how you wrapped
                        yourself around me to save my life. 
                        I know I didn't deserve it.

           Ezekiel reaches across the table and takes Iris by the hand. 
           Ezekiel flinches slightly.  The candle flickers and goes
           out.  Iris is too emotional to notice.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Don't say that, Iris, I'd do it all
                        again tomorrow.

                                 IRIS
                        It's just I don't know if you'd like
                        me anymore if you knew me now.

           Ezekiel gingerly reaches over and wipes the tears from Iris's
           cheek.  The touch of his hand on her face is almost too much
           for Iris to bear.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Did you fall in love with somebody
                        new?  Did you get married again? 
                        It's okay if you did.

                                 IRIS
                            (shaking her head)
                        It's so shameful, Will.  I've been
                        handing myself out to all these
                        different men.  To anyone who shows
                        up at my door with a half-decent
                        smile and a good line.

           Ezekiel can't help but look a bit crestfallen.
                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        I've become embarrassing to myself. 
                        I can't hold onto anybody.  And the
                        truth is I don't want to.  You're
                        the only one who ever got to me.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        I didn't mean to hold on so tightly.

                                 IRIS
                        Don't be sorry about that.  It was
                        good to have you even if it was only
                        for such a short time.  If it wasn't
                        for you I would've missed it entirely.

           Ezekiel does not know how to respond to this.  He drums his
           fingers nervously on the table.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Can you tell me about my kid?

                                 IRIS
                        Joel.  He's eleven years old now.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        What kind of boy is he?

           Iris lets out a tender laugh to think about Joel.

                                 IRIS
                        So wild and reckless.  And he's always
                        making up stories that can't be true. 
                        I don't think the world is gonna
                        have any idea what to do with him.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Maybe he's just growing into himself.

                                 IRIS
                        I hope you're right about that.  I
                        love him so much it cuts me to the
                        bone.  But I don't understand him
                        and I don't know how to help him.

           For the first time, Iris lets herself cry full out.  Ezekiel
           can't bear to see her in pain.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        I can't help thinking if you were
                        still here then maybe all the pieces 
                                 (MORE)
                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        he's broken into would somehow find
                        a way to fit themselves together.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Aw, Iris, don't.

           Iris gets up and turns away from him so he won't have to
           watch her crying.  Ezekiel rises to his feet.

                                 IRIS
                        I've been nothing but nothing without
                        you, Will.  I hate to say it but
                        it's true.  I meant to be so much
                        more than I am.

           Iris is sobbing full out now.  Ezekiel goes to Iris and holds
           her tightly.  Iris wraps her arms around him and kisses him. 
           He kisses her back.  She surrenders herself to his embrace. 
           He keeps on kissing her, passionately and desperately.

           She stops short for a moment and traces the outlines of
           Ezekiel's face, seeing her lost husband inside his eyes.  

           He leans down and kisses her on the mouth again.  She takes
           his face in her hands and kisses him back.

           INT. JOEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Joel lies awake in bed, staring at the ceiling.  Suddenly
           the house starts to shake violently as though it's being
           rocked to the very foundation.  Joel's window shatters.

           And suddenly he hears his mother screaming from down the
           hall.  He bolts out of bed and runs out of the room.

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - NIGHT

           Hepzibah flings open the door to the room.  Iris kneels over
           Ezekiel.  He is naked to the waist.  He lies on the floor. 
           Joel follows right behind Hepzibah.  He stares at Ezekiel.

           Ezekiel looks like he's not breathing.  Hepzibah lets out a
           cry.  She falls to her knees and cradles Ezekiel in her arms.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        What did you do to him?

                                 IRIS
                        He isn't breathing.  His heart isn't
                        beating.  Joel, call Dr. Stone.

           Joel starts out the door but Hepzibah shakes her head.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        No doctors!  Why did you let him do
                        this?  Was it more than ten minutes? 
                        Did you touch him?

                                 IRIS
                        I didn't know I wasn't supposed to!  

           Iris reaches out for Ezekiel but Hepzibah holds out her arm.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I'm taking care of him!  Stay away
                        from him!  You nearly killed him!

           Hepzibah will clearly brook no argument.  Iris takes Joel in
           her arms and the two of them leave the room.

           Hepzibah clutches Ezekiel very tightly.  It looks like she's
           carrying a corpse in her arms.  She whispers in his ear.

                                 HEPZIBAH (CONT'D)
                        All right, Ezekiel, you can come
                        back to me, you did a stupid thing
                        tonight, such a stupid thing, but I
                        forgive you, just come back to me...

           Very slowly and gradually the color starts to come back to
           Ezekiel's flesh.  He draws a breath.

           Hepzibah cradles Ezekiel in her arms and rocks him very gently
           as little by little his body returns to life.

           INT. EZEKIEL'S ROOM - MORNING

           The first rays of sunlight make their way through the window. 
           Ezekiel allows his eyes to open.  His face is pale and drawn
           but it looks like he's more or less come back to himself.

           He looks around the room.  Hepzibah is asleep and snoring in
           the rocking chair, a blanket in her lap.

           With some effort Ezekiel sits up in bed.  He's pretty weak. 
           He takes several deep breaths.  He gets out of bed.

           He kisses Hepzibah lightly on the forehead.  He adjusts the
           blanket so it covers her more snugly.  He slips out of the
           room and shuts the door behind him.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - MORNING

           Joel sits at the edge of the yard next to a flower patch
           full of grey dandelions.  He draws in the dirt with a stick. 
           Ezekiel comes out of the house and walks across the yard.
                                 JOEL
                        Are you leaving for good?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I think I might have to.

                                 JOEL
                        If I didn't bring the Talleys here
                        then nothing bad would've happened.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        None of this is your fault.  It's
                        all because of me.

           Joel keeps on drawing in the dirt with the stick.

                                 JOEL
                        Where did Mr. Talley go when he died?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't think anyone can leave the
                        world all at once.  There's this
                        place called living memory and it's
                        filled with all these ghosts who we
                        can't quite abandon.  I think the
                        dead don't haunt us so much as we
                        haunt the dead.

           Ezekiel extends his arms to envelop the yard around them.

                                 JOEL
                        So nobody ever really goes away?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Once in a while I can feel a spirit
                        letting go of this life.  It's like
                        he's scattered to the wind and he's
                        finally free.  It feels like this.  

           Ezekiel picks one of the dandelions and gently blows on it. 
           They watch as the bits of dandelion scatter on the wind.

                                 JOEL
                        I hope that's what happens to me
                        when I die.

           Joel and Ezekiel watch as the pieces of dandelion get carried
           away on the breeze and little by little disappear from view.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (with tremendous hope)
                        Yes, I hope that's what happens to
                        me, too.
           Ezekiel gets up and starts to head off down the road.  Joel
           stares after him for a moment, frowning to himself, thinking
           about what he should do.  Then he makes a decision.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - MORNING

           Ezekiel comes walking across the dirt to the tent.  He moves
           a little more slowly than usual and maybe even limps a little. 
           Wheelwright is tightening the ropes to the tent posts.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm ready whenever you are.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Might as well have some coffee and
                        eggs first.  Nobody can get saved on
                        an empty stomach.

           Wheelwright leads Ezekiel inside the tent.  After a moment
           Joel emerges from behind one of the trees.  He hesitates.

           Then Joel climbs into the back of the Reverend's truck.  He
           pulls a tarp over his body to keep himself hidden.

           INT. HEPZIBAH'S ROOM - MORNING

           Tentatively Iris knocks on Hepzibah's half-open door.  She
           pokes her head in the room.  Hepzibah is packing her bags. 
           It's amazing what a mess she's made of the room considering
           how little she owns and how briefly she's lived here.  

                                 IRIS
                        You need to let me talk to him.

           Hepzibah stuffs her clothes into her suitcase.  Boldly Iris
           takes a step further into the room.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        He's not here to be seen.  I guess
                        he's off somewhere with the Reverend.  

                                 IRIS
                        What is the Reverend going to do to
                        him?  Shouldn't we try and stop him?

           Hepzibah stuffs the last of her things into her suitcase.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Ezekiel's trying to help you.  We
                        would've run off days ago if it wasn't
                        for you.  So if anything else happens
                        to him, I'm holding you responsible.

                                 IRIS
                        Why did he stay here for me?
           Hepzibah is finished packing.  She turns to Iris and stares
           at her with bitterness and withering contempt.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Don't stand there with your painted
                        lips and your painted face and say
                        you don't know what you did to him. 
                        You made him fall in love with you.

           As Iris listens to Hepzibah her face slowly changes.  Hepzibah
           picks up her suitcases and starts past Iris out the door.

                                 IRIS
                        What are you talking about?

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I think he liked pretending he could
                        make a home with you.  Maybe be a
                        father to your boy.  But turns out
                        you're just like everyone else.  You
                        don't care about him at all.  You
                        just want him to bring somebody back.

           Hepzibah heads down the stairs with her suitcases.  Iris
           stands in the doorway looking after her, utterly wrenched.

           EXT. DR. PORTER'S SANITARIUM - DAY

           The truck pulls to a halt in front of a large windowless
           cinder-block building behind a gate and a tall fence.  

           Wheelwright and Ezekiel get out of the truck.  Wheelwright
           shakes out his legs from the long drive.  Ezekiel stares at
           his surroundings with trepidation.

           DR. PORTER, a formal and officious man, comes out the main
           entrance and extends his arm to Wheelwright.

                                 DR. PORTER
                        Your reputation precedes you, Reverend
                        Wheelwright.  So good to meet you.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        This is my friend Ezekiel.  As I
                        told you I believe there's a chance
                        he's the son of one of your patients.

           They head inside.  After a moment, Joel climbs out from the
           back of the truck and sneaks around the side of the building.

           INT. DR. PORTER'S SANITARIUM - DAY

           Dr. Porter leads Wheelwright and Ezekiel down the corridor. 
           The place is a snake pit: you wouldn't wish it on anyone.
                                 DR. PORTER
                        Quentin is a fascinating case.  A
                        classic example of dementia praecox.
                        What the Swiss call schizophrenia. 
                        Delusions and hallucinations and
                        catatonia.  In less enlightened times,
                        you'd say that he was possessed.

           Ezekiel looks at the inmates as they pass: some of them are
           laughing to themselves, some of them are weeping, and others
           are just staring glassily off into space.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        The mind is its own place, Dr. Porter. 
                        It can make its own angels and devils.

           Ezekiel takes all of this in.  He steadies himself.

           EXT. SANITARIUM GARDEN - DAY

           Wheelwright and Ezekiel come into the garden, which is really
           just a patch of dead grass.  A few catatonic residents sit
           and moan softly to themselves.  An older woman keeps calling
           out for help in a plaintive voice.  It's a scary place. 

           There's a high wooden fence around the edge of the garden
           and several attendants guarding the fence.  Joel pokes his
           eyes between the wooden slats of the fence, trying to see.

           Ezekiel catches sight of Joel and shakes his head: this is
           just one more thing he's going to have to deal with today.

           Dr. Porter comes out of the building, pushing an old man in
           a wheelchair down the ramp toward Ezekiel and Wheelwright. 

           The old man is grotesquely desiccated.  There are patches of
           dead skin all over his face and body.  One of his eyes has
           gone all white and milky.  

           His tongue lolls out of his mouth and he stares straight
           ahead into the empty air.  He's at least half-crazy and more
           than half-dead.  This is QUENTIN MOSS.

           Despite himself, Ezekiel can't help but seize back in horror. 
           Dr. Porter pushes Quentin up to Wheelwright and Ezekiel.

                                 DR. PORTER
                        Look here, Quentin: you've got
                        yourself some special visitors today.

           Dr. Porter sits down next to Wheelwright and Ezekiel.  Quentin
           doesn't even acknowledge their presence.  Wheelwright leans
           in and speaks directly into Quentin's ear.
                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Listen - my friend has a few questions
                        he wants to ask you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Your name is Quentin Moss?

           Finally Quentin turns to look at them.  His face is scrunched
           up in a demented rictus.  It takes enormous effort for him
           to speak.  His voice is faint and raspy and eerie. 

                                 QUENTIN
                        Who knows?  Can't remember my name. 
                        Can't keep myself straight anymore.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        What do you mean by that?

           Quentin turns to look at Ezekiel.  He leans in and whispers
           directly and confidentially into Ezekiel's ear.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Too many ghosts in my head.

           Upon hearing this, Ezekiel's face goes pale.  Wheelwright
           nods at Ezekiel solemnly.  Dr. Porter leans toward them.

                                 DR. PORTER
                        I'm afraid this is typically how his
                        dementia manifests itself.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        How long have you been like this?

           Quentin takes several deep breaths.  He chuckles slightly. 
           It's a hollow, mirthless kind of laugh.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Born this way.  Used to be, I could
                        turn it on and off like a faucet. 
                        Now I can't stop them from coming. 
                        All these ghosts all the time.

           Quentin lets out a shudder and a terrible hacking cough. 
           He's so frail that his clothes are hanging off his bones.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        And you've never been able to find a
                        cure for what you've got?

           Ezekiel looks at Quentin like he's looking into his own
           future.  Quentin stares back with half-mad paranoid suspicion.
                                 DR. PORTER
                        Sad to say there's no cure as yet. 
                        All we can do is sedate him when he
                        becomes too unruly.  And see if we
                        can learn anything from him that'll
                        help us treat other afflicted souls.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Dr. Porter, would you mind leaving
                        us alone with Quentin a moment?

           Dr. Porter considers for a moment.  Then he nods.  He rises
           and excuses himself from the table.  He leans against the
           garden wall near where Joel is hiding - close enough to see
           but not close enough to hear.  Quentin leans across the table.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Who are you anyway?

           Quentin holds Ezekiel in the gaze of his milky dead eyes. 
           Ezekiel doesn't know what to say.  Wheelwright leans in.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Quentin: this here is your son.

           Quentin stops short and allows this information to penetrate
           his addled old mind.  He lets out a cry like a wounded animal.  

                                 QUENTIN
                        Go away!  Leave me alone!  Don't
                        want you to see me!

           Dr. Porter takes a few steps toward them but Wheelwright
           holds up his hand to him and he stops short, giving them
           their space.  Quentin covers his face with his hands and
           howls.  Ezekiel stares at his maddened and devastated father.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Is that why you ran away?  You didn't
                        want me to see you like this?

                                 QUENTIN
                        Wanted to keep you safe from me! 
                        Didn't want you to grow up like me! 
                        Say you didn't grow up like me!

           Quentin is so upset he's foaming at the mouth.  For a moment
           Ezekiel considers lying to spare his father's feelings.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I grew up like you.

           Quentin pounds his fist into the arm of his wheelchair.
                                 QUENTIN
                        Goddamnit!  Goddamnit! 

           Wheelwright watches Ezekiel, who's thinking very hard about
           all this.  Joel stands on his tiptoes so he can see better.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        When I was a boy the other kids told
                        me you'd cursed me or sold my soul
                        to the devil and that's why I'm the
                        way I am.  So I really believed that
                        if I found you then you'd be able to
                        help set me free from all this.  

           It's harder and harder for Quentin to speak.  It takes all
           the effort he can muster to form the words on his tongue.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Nothing I can do.  Leave me alone.

           Quentin begins to howl again.  Ezekiel shakes his head, rocked
           to the core, utterly devastated by all of this.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        But I've missed you and my mother so
                        much and I never even knew you.  My
                        mother especially.  I'd trace my
                        finger around her picture every night
                        before I went to bed.

           A low moan escapes Quentin's mouth.  Wheelwright understands
           what's going on but Ezekiel is too keyed up to notice yet.

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                        I'd tell her all these stories in my
                        head, stupid things really, I'd just
                        tell her about my day, everything I
                        did since I woke up in the morning--

           To Ezekiel it's like something's trying to push its way out
           of Quentin's skin.  He howls in pain like a wounded animal.

           Ezekiel stares at his father with a horrified fascination. 
           He's never seen this happen to anyone else.  Joel watches
           from behind the fence: he knows what's happening too.

           All of a sudden the spell passes and Quentin is still.  He
           opens his eyes.  It seems like he has become someone else.

           The wildness is gone from his eyes.  His voice is gentle and
           kind.  And he reaches out his hand tenderly toward Ezekiel.  
                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        No, don't, please, Ezekiel, let your
                        mother look at you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't...I mean...

           Ezekiel looks up.  Inside Quentin, Caroline smiles sadly.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        I've been so worried about you. 
                        Sometimes I can catch sight of you
                        just for a second and you look so
                        alone and there's nothing I can do
                        about it and that's so awful.
                            (PAUSE)
                        You're like your father, aren't you?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Yes.

           From inside Quentin, Caroline allows herself to cry a little. 
           Ezekiel is overwhelmed by all of this.  Wheelwright watches
           grimly.  Joel presses his face to the fence.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        We brought you into the world with
                        nothing but love.  But it's the
                        cruelest thing we ever could've done. 
                        To sentence you to this life.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        So you and my father...you knew I'd
                        probably turn out like this?

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        Of course he told me the truth about
                        himself.  But I loved him so much. 
                        I didn't care what he was.

           It makes Quentin very emotional to talk about this.  Hungry
           for any information about himself, Ezekiel leans forward.

                                 QUENTIN (CONT'D)
                            (as Caroline)
                        So when I got pregnant with you,
                        your father and I figured since we
                        loved each other so much, that would
                        solve everything.  Of course, with
                        the benefit of hindsight...that was
                        so terribly stupid of us.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        Please don't be sad about me.  I'm
                        going to be all right.  I'm trying
                        very hard to be all right.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        Are you?  Really?  Have you made
                        peace with yourself?  Have you found
                        a way to live in the world?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I used to think so.  I tried to help
                        people.  But it didn't work.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        Your father tried to do that too. 
                        But in the end it just caused
                        everybody more pain.  And every time
                        you do it...you become less and less
                        human.  Don't you?

           Ezekiel nods.  From inside Quentin, Caroline stares at her
           son with enormous sorrow and regret.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        So what am I supposed to do?

           Ezekiel stares at his mother with naked pain, like the lost
           child that he is.  Inside Quentin, Caroline shakes her head. 
           She speaks gently but firmly to her son.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        First of all...please...don't ever
                        let anybody love you.  Whatever you
                        are...you're not made for it.  It
                        only turns to grief.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Well, luckily, I haven't been faced
                        with that particular problem so far.

           Ezekiel smiles darkly at his mother.  From inside Quentin,
           Caroline reaches out and takes Ezekiel tenderly by the hand.

                                 QUENTIN
                            (as Caroline)
                        And try to find a way to heal
                        yourself.  But if you can't...then
                        find a way to leave this world with
                        grace.  Be the last one like you. 
                        Maybe that's what your purpose is.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 QUENTIN (CONT'D)
                        To finally end all of this.  Wouldn't
                        that be a blessing?  Because I wish--

           All of a sudden Quentin seizes up.  His eyes close.  His
           tongue lolls out of his mouth.  He starts to shake again.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Mother?

           But she is gone.  Quentin goes still.  Wheelwright and Ezekiel
           stare at him closely.  Joel watches from behind the fence.

           Finally Quentin opens his eyes.  He stares at them angrily. 
           And he lets out a howl of enormous sorrow.  He stares at
           Ezekiel with naked fury and pain.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Why did you make me remember her? 
                        Why did you do that to me?

           Ezekiel looks down at the ground, trying to compose himself.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I'm sorry, Dad.  I didn't mean to
                        hurt you.

           Quentin starts to howl and moan bitterly and furiously.  Dr.
           Porter and the Orderlies come rushing over to restrain him. 
           Quentin spits and pants madly as they all hold him down.

                                 QUENTIN
                        Go away!  Don't ever come back!  Too
                        many ghosts in my head already! 
                        Can't manage any more!

           Ezekiel looks up at Quentin.  Quentin stares back at him
           with rage.  Wheelwright watches as Dr. Porter injects him
           with a sedative.  Dr. Porter shakes his head gravely.

                                 DR. PORTER
                        A classic case of dementia praecox. 
                        And there's nothing to be done about
                        it I'm afraid.  His poor soul is
                        lost forever in there somewhere.

           Gradually Quentin stops struggling.  His body goes still. 
           His eyes go glassy, his tongue lolls out of his mouth, and
           he starts to drool a little.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Dad?  Dad?

           But Quentin just stares off into space catatonically.  He's
           lost inside his own head now.  He hums to himself softly.
           Dr. Porter pushes Quentin inside.  Ezekiel watches his father
           go, knowing it's for the last time.  He keeps on watching
           his father even after he can't see him anymore.

           INT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TRUCK - DAY

           Wheelwright drives home past the abandoned and fallow farms. 
           Ezekiel sits next to him, staring out at the landscape.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Why does the exact same road always
                        seem so much longer on the way back?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I guess because it isn't new anymore. 
                        And maybe that makes us feel tired.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Will you try and save me?

           Wheelwright looks at Ezekiel.  Ezekiel is still looking out
           the window.  Wheelwright looks back at the road ahead.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Come down to the tent tonight. 

           EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY

           The truck pulls to a stop on the dirt road at the edge of
           the cornfield back in town.  Ezekiel gets out of the passenger
           side of the cab.  He comes around to the back of the truck.

           He reaches into the back of the truck and extends his arm to
           Joel, who has once again hidden himself under the tarp.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You can come out of there now.  What
                        were you thinking, following me all
                        the way out there?

           Sheepishly Joel emerges from beneath the tarp.  Ezekiel helps
           him climb out of the back of the truck.  Wheelwright puts
           the truck in drive and starts heading away, down the road.

                                 JOEL
                        I thought the Reverend was taking
                        you away with him.  And I don't want
                        you to go.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I don't want to go either.

           Ezekiel smiles sadly but fondly at Joel.  The two of them
           walk across the cornfield together in silence for a moment.
                                 JOEL
                        Was that your father?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It was.

                                 JOEL
                        Does he know how to help you?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        No.

           Joel looks up at Ezekiel.  He wants to say something that
           will help.  It takes him a moment to find the words.  

                                 JOEL
                        My father can't help me either.

           Ezekiel takes this in.  He puts his arm around Joel's
           shoulder.  Joel puts his arm around Ezekiel's waist.  And
           the two of them head across the cornfield together.

           EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - DAY

           Ezekiel and Joel head toward the railroad tracks on the edge
           of town.  The freight train sits on the tracks.  There's an
           unguarded and open freight car right in front of them.

           Hepzibah sits behind a tree, hiding, bouncing on her feet
           nervously.  It looks like she's been sitting there all day. 
           Their bags are scattered at her feet.  Ezekiel turns to Joel.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I need to talk to her alone.

           Joel nods.  Ezekiel steps toward Hepzibah.  She rises and
           starts toward him, very much in a state.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        The train will be leaving in two
                        minutes.  Can we finally get the
                        hell out of this place?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        All right then: let's go.

           Ezekiel and Hepzibah pick up their suitcases.  They look
           around to make sure nobody is watching.  Then they scurry
           out from behind the tree and jump into the freight car.

           Joel stands watching from a safe distance.  He's not sure
           what's going on but it looks like Ezekiel is leaving.
           INT. FREIGHT CAR - DAY

           Ezekiel and Hepzibah quickly arrange their bags in the darkest
           corner of the freight car so they won't be easy to spot.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Hurry up - we don't have all day.

           It takes a moment for Ezekiel to find the right words.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I know you've been trying to keep me
                        safe.  Truth is you've spent our
                        whole lives trying to keep me safe. 
                        And I'm so grateful to you - I
                        would've been useless without you.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        This is the only life I ever wanted.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        But it's been cruel of me to hold
                        onto you so tightly.  I need to let
                        go of you.  I need to let you have
                        your own life before it's too late.

           As Hepzibah stares at him, the full extent of what he's saying
           slowly dawns on her.  Deeply wounded, she lets out a cry.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        This is all about her, isn't it? 
                        You think if the Reverend can heal
                        you, then you can stay here and play
                        house with her and the boy. 

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Maybe she's one reason but she's not
                        the only reason.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        Except she's not in love with you. 
                        She's still in love with her husband. 
                        She proved that last night.  So she
                        doesn't really care about you.  All
                        she wants is what you can give her.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Even if that's true it doesn't matter. 
                        Because I'm in love with her.  I've
                        turned that corner now and there's
                        no going back even if I wanted to.

           It's unbearably painful for Hepzibah to hear this.
                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I won't let you do this to yourself.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        If the circumstances were reversed,
                        if you were in love with someone,
                        I'd let you go, you know that.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I am in love with someone.

           And now she's finally said it.  It's the closest that she'll
           ever come to admitting the real reason why she's been
           traveling with Ezekiel all these years.

           Ezekiel has always known it but it kills him to hear her say
           it.  He stares at her with compassion and terrible regret.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I wish I could give you what you
                        want.

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        I've always been willing to settle
                        for what I can get.

           Ezekiel takes her by the shoulders and leans in to her.  The
           train whistles loudly.  The engine starts springing to life.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You've still got plenty of miles
                        ahead.  You can't afford to waste
                        any more time with me.

           Ezekiel throws his arms around Hepzibah and embraces her. 
           She clings to him for dear life, utterly heartbroken.  

                                 HEPZIBAH
                        What's going to happen to me now?

           The freight train starts to move.  Ezekiel gently tries to
           loosen himself from Hepzibah's embrace but she clings onto
           him tightly and fiercely.  Ezekiel is incredibly torn.

           Finally he pulls away just a little bit.  He smiles sadly at
           Hepzibah.  She stares back at him.  They hold each other.  

           Then she lets go of him.  She nods sadly.  Ezekiel kisses
           her on the forehead.  Then he jumps out of the train car.

           Hepzibah leans out of the train car, trying to catch one
           last glimpse of Ezekiel before the train rounds the bend. 
           Ezekiel holds her gaze.  Just before the train is out of
           sight, Hepzibah allows herself to let out a moan of sorrow.
           EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - DAY

           Ezekiel stares after the train until the very last car has
           disappeared from view.  Then he turns to Joel.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Now there's one more thing I need
                        you to do for me.  I have to go down
                        to the revival meeting tonight.  And
                        I need you to keep your mother away. 
                        Will you promise me that?

           Joel hesitates.  Then he nods.  Ezekiel tousles his hair. 
           Then Ezekiel heads off in the direction of the tent.  Joel
           stares after Ezekiel, trying to decide what he should do.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - EVENING

           Joel comes up the walk.  Iris is pacing back and forth
           frantically across the porch.  When she sees Joel in the
           yard she heads down the porch steps and runs toward him.

                                 IRIS
                        I've been looking all over for you! 
                        Where did you run off to this time?

           It doesn't even take Joel two seconds to break his promise.

                                 JOEL
                        There's something I'm not supposed
                        to tell you.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Ezekiel paces back and forth in the shadows just outside the
           tent, very worked-up, watching as the last few stragglers
           head into the meeting.  From inside the tent he can hear the
           entire congregation singing.  He ducks inside the tent.

           INT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Ezekiel steps inside.  The tent is packed to capacity.  Deacon
           James leads the crowd in a hymn.  Wheelwright stands at the
           altar smiling down on his flock.  

           Olive sits in the first pew.  She looks even more distraught
           than she did the last time we saw her.  Martha sits back in
           the shadows.  When the hymn is finished, Wheelwright holds
           up his hands in blessing.  The congregation sits down.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Tonight I want to talk to you about
                        damnation.
           The crowd is silent and still.  Wheelwright is a master orator
           and he holds them all in the palm of his hand.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        I don't believe in a fire and
                        brimstone kind of Hell, where damned
                        souls shovel coal all day and night. 
                        But anybody who says there's no such
                        thing as demons never saw my father
                        Moses Wheelwright just after he'd
                        emptied a bottle of whiskey.  

           Laughter from some of the men in the congregation. 
           Wheelwright allows himself a smile before he turns solemn.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        And I say it was a demon inside our
                        friend George Talley who made that
                        poor man take his own life.

           A deep hush falls over the crowd.  Olive puts her hand to
           her mouth in anguish.  Standing in the back, Ezekiel feels a
           shudder run through his body.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        Now: there's a man here among us
                        who's possessed by a terrible demon. 
                        But he's so courageous that he's
                        come here tonight asking to be saved. 
                        Will you come up to the altar?

           Ezekiel squares his shoulders and starts toward the altar. 
           The crowd parts to make way for him.  Wheelwright extends
           his hand and helps Ezekiel onto the platform.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT (CONT'D)
                        Can you tell everyone who you are?

           Ezekiel looks out at the congregation.  They look up at him,
           their expressions a volatile mix of fear and pity.  Olive
           stares at Ezekiel with enormous rage and pain.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        My name is Ezekiel Moss.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        And how long has this demon been
                        living inside your body?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Since I was born.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        But now you want to be free of it.
           Joel leads Iris through the fold in the tent.  They huddle
           in the shadows near the back.  Ezekiel can't see them.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        What I know is, so long as this thing
                        is inside me, I can't love anyone. 
                        I can't be loved by anyone.

           Iris listens to Ezekiel very closely.  It kills her to hear
           this.  Wheelwright extends his arms to the assembled crowd.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        This is what our demons do to us. 
                        They plunge us into darkness and
                        despair where the light of God and
                        the love of our fellow human beings
                        can't reach us.  That's why Ezekiel
                        Moss is such a brave man.  Because
                        he's come here tonight so he can
                        cast the demon out of his body. 
                        Isn't that right?  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Yes.

           A few Hallelujahs from the crowd.  Iris holds Joel tightly
           by the hand and tries to move a little closer to the front.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        Now what I'm asking you to do next
                        might frighten you.  But I need you
                        to trust that you're safe here with
                        me.  I want you to make your demon
                        visible to us.  Can you do that?

           You could hear a pin drop inside the tent.  Iris clutches
           Joel's hand very tightly.  Ezekiel is brought up short.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Are you sure that's what you want?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        We can't fight him if we can't see
                        him.  We'll bring him into the light
                        and then we'll destroy him.

           Wheelwright speaks with tremendous confidence and faith. 
           Ezekiel stares at him.  He knows how dangerous this is but
           he really doesn't have a choice.  He closes his eyes.

           He lets out a moan.  But this time the sounds emanating from
           him are louder and more piercing than we've ever heard.
           Now the crowd starts to panic a little.  They clutch each
           other tightly, huddling together in fear.  Wheelwright holds
           up his hand to try and calm them down.  Olive watches closely.

           It seems as though a thousand restless and violent spirits
           are trying to escape his body.  The wind whips through the
           air.  The poles of the tent start to buckle.  

           Iris takes advantage of the chaos to get them closer to the
           altar.  Ezekiel could see them now if he could see anything.

           Ezekiel stands on the tips of his toes, almost levitating
           into the air.  It seems as though he's being torn apart from
           within, like he's about to be ripped into pieces.

           Iris lets out a cry.  The congregation is terrified.  Up on
           the altar, Deacon James gets down on his knees to pray.

           In the center of it all, Wheelwright just stands there, steady
           and strong, an oasis of calm in the eye of the hurricane.

           And suddenly Ezekiel grows still and quiet.  The crowd starts
           to hush.  They're terrified of what might be coming next.

           Finally Ezekiel opens his eyes.  He looks around him at the
           crowd of people.  His eyes alight on Martha.  And suddenly
           he is speaking in the voice of Charlie.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Charlie)
                        Oh, Martha, I'm still all alone here
                        in the empty air waiting for you--

           Then with a painful wrenching, Ezekiel falls off the altar
           and into the crowd, landing at the feet of a middle-aged
           man.  He speaks in the voice of an angry, spurned wife.

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                            (as the Wife)
                        Barely two weeks in the ground you
                        went and married her, it's like you
                        couldn't wait for me to die--

           Ezekiel's body spins around in the air now as the crowd
           screams and tries to get as far away from him as possible.

           Ezekiel's eyes fall on an Elderly Man and all of a sudden he
           speaks in the voice of a sad young soldier. 

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                            (as the Soldier)
                        They threw the grenade into my foxhole
                        and it launched me into the sky like
                        I was headed straight into the sun,
                        it was the most beautiful thing I--
           Iris and Joel watch intently, desperately wanting to help
           but not sure what they can do.  Wheelwright watches closely,
           ready to intervene when necessary.  Ezekiel's eyes fall on
           Olive in the front pew and he speaks in George's cadences.

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                            (as George)
                        I had to drown myself, Olive, I knew
                        you were never gonna love me again,
                        so don't you dare blame this man for
                        what I did--

           Olive takes this in and lets out a choked sob.  Ezekiel is
           out of control now.  Either he's having a complete nervous
           breakdown or else more and more ghosts are crowding into his
           body, their voices cascading over each other, enveloping
           him, overwhelming him, pushing through his flesh.

           The wind blows harder.  Thunder and lightning are very close
           by.  The ground suddenly seems like it isn't solid under
           everyone's feet: the earth starts cracking open beneath them.

           Wheelwright grabs hold of Ezekiel and with great strength
           and power he pulls Ezekiel up onto the altar.  

           Then suddenly Ezekiel grows still again.  His eyes alight on
           Wheelwright.  A dark, mean smile slowly grows on his face. 
           He grins mischievously.

           He wipes his mouth with the back of his sleeve.  He pushes
           his hair back from his face.  He is still not himself.  But
           it's not clear who he is until he opens his mouth. 

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                            (as Moses)
                        Well now.  Good evening to you, son. 
                        How the hell have you been, Tom?

           For the first time since we've met him, Wheelwright's facade
           fissures just a tiny bit, as he realizes that the man in
           front of him is now his own father Moses Wheelwright.

           But it's nothing more than a flicker of anxiety - just a
           furrow or two on his brow.  Wheelwright quickly wipes it off
           his face.  He smiles back at Ezekiel defiantly.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You're such a crafty demon, aren't
                        you?  You can take whatever form you
                        damn well please, can't you?
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        Cut out that horseshit, Tom.  It's
                        just your pa over here.  And you're
                        not showing me much respect.  Calling
                        me a demon.  How ungrateful is that?

           The congregation starts whispering amongst themselves.  They
           can't quite make sense of what's going on now.  Only Iris
           and Joel understand and they know it's not good.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        You're trying to shake my faith. 
                        But I'm a stone fortress.

           Wheelwright smiles placidly but Joel can see that his hands
           are trembling a little.  From inside Ezekiel, Moses looks
           around at Wheelwright and the crowd.  He gives a low whistle.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        What a big man you are now.  Last
                        time I saw you, you were a tiny thing,
                        scared of your own shadow.  I could
                        make you jump any time I stomped my
                        foot.  Bet I can still make you jump.

           Inside Ezekiel, Moses smiles craftily at Wheelwright.  He
           pauses.  Then he stomps his foot.  Instinctively Wheelwright
           seizes back the tiniest bit.  Moses grins at him.

                                 EZEKIEL (CONT'D)
                            (as Moses)
                        See?  I made you jump.

           The crowd is now deathly quiet.  Wheelwright takes a second
           but then he regains his full composure.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm here tonight with all the power
                        of God to make you disappear forever.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        I'd like to see you try that.  I
                        would.  I haven't had a good laugh
                        in a very long time.  Yes, sir.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm going to use all my strength and
                        all my faith and all my might and
                        I'm going to save Ezekiel Moss.
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        What?  You're trying to save people
                        now?  That's a terrible idea, son. 
                        You're just not any good at it.  I
                        mean, you couldn't save me from
                        getting so drunk I burnt the house
                        down.  And you couldn't save your
                        mama cause you were too little to
                        carry her out of the house.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I saved myself.  Didn't I?  I got
                        myself the hell away from you.

           Wheelwright isn't even thinking about his congregation
           anymore.  He's not even thinking about Ezekiel.  He's having
           a private showdown with his father.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        Ran away with some preacher man. 
                        Fell in love with God because you
                        wanted a daddy even stronger and
                        meaner than me.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm a man of faith now.  I don't
                        belong to you anymore.  There's
                        nothing of you left inside me.

           Inside Ezekiel, Moses's smile grows wider and even more
           terrifying.  He steps closer to his son, twisting the knife.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        Are you joking?  You've got so much
                        of me inside you that it scares the
                        living daylights out of you.  You
                        think if you save enough souls then
                        you might finally let go of all the
                        darkness inside yourself.  You tell
                        all these people to follow you so
                        maybe you won't feel so alone.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I don't need anything from you.  So
                        I'm kindly asking you to go to Hell.

           By now the congregation is at least as scared of Wheelwright
           as they are of Ezekiel.  From inside Ezekiel, Moses has a
           good laugh about all of this.  
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        You need everything from me.  And
                        that's what kills you.  It's the
                        saddest story I've ever heard.  All
                        these years gone by, you're still on
                        your knees begging me to love you.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm not on my knees to you anymore. 
                        I promise you that.  So what makes
                        you think I need you to love me?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        Because otherwise you wouldn't have
                        brought me back.  I only came because
                        you called me here.  You know that.

           Inside Ezekiel, Moses is quietly triumphant.  Wheelwright
           realizes the truth of what his father is saying.  

           Steadily Wheelwright takes his pistol from his holster and
           points it directly at Ezekiel's head.  The crowd lets out a
           collective gasp but Wheelwright is steely and serene.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I will put a bullet in this man's
                        skull if that's what it takes to get
                        you out of his body.

           Iris and Joel get right up to the edge of the altar.  It's
           not hard to do that since everybody else is trying to get as
           far away as possible.  Ezekiel doesn't even break a sweat.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        Go ahead: shoot this poor fellow if
                        you want.  That won't keep me out of
                        your head.  See, I'm not his demon -
                        I'm yours.  So if you want me to
                        stop haunting you, I'd recommend you
                        turn that pistol on yourself, son.

           Wheelwright cocks back the safety.  Iris steps up onto the
           altar and stands between Wheelwright and Ezekiel.  Joel
           clambers up to the altar after her.

                                 IRIS
                        Stop it!  Stop it!  

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm asking you to step aside.  I'm
                        doing the work of the Lord.  
                                 IRIS
                        That's how you're gonna save him? 
                        By killing him?

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I'm taking the demon out of his body.

                                 IRIS
                        You put that gun down right now or
                        you're gonna have to shoot me!

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I will shoot you right between the
                        eyes if you don't get out of my way.

           Ezekiel grabs hold of Iris and Joel and holds each of them
           by the arm.  He smiles at Wheelwright.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Moses)
                        That's right, Tom, you have to murder
                        the lady and the little boy if you
                        want to get to me.  Will you do that? 
                        How far will you go to get me out of
                        your head?  I'd really like to know.

           Wheelwright's hand is steady on the gun.  By now the whole
           congregation has turned against Wheelwright completely. 
           They are fighting each other to try and get out of the tent.

           Iris takes Ezekiel by the shoulders and whispers to him
           desperately, trying to help him come back to himself.

                                 IRIS
                        It's all right, Ezekiel, let go of
                        him, please, come back to me--

           It takes all of Ezekiel's strength to expel this ghost from
           his body.  The wind whips violently through the air.  The
           posts of the tent are giving way.  The ground is cracking
           beneath their feet.  Wheelwright grabs one of the lit torches.  

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        I will sacrifice everybody if that'll
                        take this demon out of the world!

           Upon hearing this, everyone in the tent starts to scream and
           run.  In the hysteria, Joel wrenches himself away from Moses
           and wraps his arms around Wheelwright's legs.  

           Wheelwright stumbles and lets go of the gun and the torch. 
           The gun falls from his hand.  The torch flies backward into
           the tapestries, setting them on fire.
           Iris keeps tight hold of Ezekiel as he starts to come back
           to himself.  He opens his eyes and looks at Iris.

                                 IRIS
                        Are you all right?

           Ezekiel nods.  The Sheriff and some of the other men grab
           Wheelwright roughly by the arms.  Wheelwright's eyes are
           still filled with rage.  He calls out to Ezekiel.

                                 WHEELWRIGHT
                        There ain't nobody who can help you. 
                        And there ain't nothing in this whole
                        world that can save you.

           Ezekiel takes this in.  He knows it's the absolute truth. 
           He leans over and speaks quietly to Reverend Wheelwright.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Then I'm sorry for both of us.

           They hold each other's sad gaze.  Wheelwright looks like a
           broken man.  The Sheriff and his men drag Wheelwright away.

           Quickly regaining his bearings, Ezekiel takes Iris and Joel
           by the hand.  He finds a flap in the tent and leads them all
           outside.  As he heads out, Joel looks back and catches a
           glimpse of the tapestries going up in flames.

           EXT. REVEREND WHEELWRIGHT'S TENT - NIGHT

           Ezekiel picks Joel up on his shoulders and takes Iris by the
           hand and the three of them run away as fast as they can,
           past the screaming crowd and the flames of the burning tent.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - NIGHT

           Ezekiel is carrying Joel on his back and holding Iris tightly
           by the hand and they're still running as fast as they can
           when they finally reach the yard.  

           In the distance they can hear the sirens of the fire truck
           as it speeds down the road.  They turn around and watch as
           the truck pulls to a stop far away down by the quarry.  

           The firemen emerge from the truck, unraveling the hoses,
           spraying water all over the tent, dousing the flames.

           Ezekiel takes Joel off his shoulders and puts him down safely
           in the grass.  All of a sudden Ezekiel is overcome by what
           he's been through tonight.  He crouches down and puts his
           hands on his knees.  Joel turns to Ezekiel, very concerned. 

                                 JOEL
                        What's wrong?
                                 EZEKIEL
                        I just need to catch my breath.

           Ezekiel kneels down in the grass and stares out at the fire. 
           Iris considers him closely for a moment.  Then she takes
           Joel by the hand and leads him up to the porch steps.

                                 IRIS
                        You know, baby, I can't tell you how
                        brave you were tonight.  I'm so proud
                        of you.  It's almost bursting my
                        heart, how proud I am of you.

           Iris kneels down and tousles her son's hair very lightly.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        So I think you've earned a good
                        night's sleep.  And tomorrow morning
                        we'll figure out what we should do
                        to celebrate.  All right?

           Joel looks at his mother.  Then he looks at Ezekiel kneeling
           in the grass watching the firemen extinguish the fire.  

           He nods.  He throws his arms around his mother.  Iris envelops
           him in an embrace.  Finally she lets go of him.  Joel turns
           and goes inside and runs up the stairs.

           Iris stands alone on the porch.  She watches Ezekiel kneeling
           out on her lawn.  Then she goes over and kneels down in the
           grass next to him.

           The last few embers of the fire down by the quarry are
           extinguished.  The light flickers across their faces.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Guess I've scared everybody away.

                                 IRIS
                        I think everybody's way more scared
                        of the Reverend than they are of
                        you.  What were you thinking, walking
                        into the lion's den like that?

           Ezekiel turns to Iris.  She stares at him plaintively.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        The Reverend really believed he could
                        save me.  And I really wanted to
                        believe he was right.

                                 IRIS
                        Yeah, well, you almost got yourself
                        killed trying to get yourself saved. 
                        I don't see how that does any good.
                                 EZEKIEL
                        You and Joel, you're the ones who
                        saved me tonight.

           Iris looks down at her hands.  Then she looks up at him.

                                 IRIS
                        Did you do this for me?

                                 EZEKIEL
                        I've become so fond of you and Joel. 
                        I guess it doesn't do any harm for
                        me to tell you that now.  But now
                        you understand exactly what I am,
                        and I know there's no way you can...
                        but it was still nice to hope for a
                        couple days that you could be mine.

           Now Ezekiel turns to her.  She puts her hand gently to his
           cheek.  It's dark and still and the only light illuminating
           their faces is traveling from the stars and the moon.  

                                 IRIS
                        Truth is I can't rightly say if you're
                        a con man or a madman or a devil. 
                        But honestly it doesn't matter to me
                        one way or the other anymore.

           Iris is tremendously impassioned.  She reaches over and takes
           Ezekiel's hand in hers and looks right into his eyes.

                                 IRIS (CONT'D)
                        You've been so good to my son.  You've
                        treated me so kindly.  You look at
                        me like you want the rest of my life
                        and nobody's looked at me that way
                        for so long I forgot how it felt. 
                        How could I not love you for that?  

           Ezekiel and Iris stare at each other.  Then Ezekiel leans in
           and kisses Iris full on the mouth.  She kisses him back.

           INT. IRIS'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Iris leads Ezekiel into her room and shuts the door behind
           them.  They're both suddenly a little shy around each other.

           Ezekiel takes Iris by the hand and leads her over to the
           bed.  They sit down on the side of the bed holding hands. 
           Then Ezekiel runs his fingers across Iris's cheek.  She closes
           her eyes and feels his fingertips against her face.

           And then she opens her eyes.  They sit there just looking at
           each other with their eyes wide open as though they're trying
           to memorize every single thing about each other.
           Ezekiel and Iris wrap their arms around each other and kiss
           each other tenderly and passionately.

           INT. IRIS'S BEDROOM - MORNING

           It's dawn.  Ezekiel allows the sunlight to open his eyes. 
           He lies in bed next to Iris.  They're both still wearing
           their clothes from last night.  

           She's fast asleep but her arms are wrapped around him.  He
           watches her sleeping.  He allows himself a little smile.

           Slowly his smile fades.  Gently he adjusts Iris's arms so
           she's holding the pillow instead of his body.  Iris stirs a
           little but she's still sleeping soundly.  Ezekiel stares at
           her sorrowfully.  Then he gets out of bed.  

           INT. CARSON HALLWAY - MORNING

           Ezekiel opens the door to the bedroom just a crack and slips
           out.  Through the open doorway he can see Iris still fast
           asleep in bed.  Ezekiel takes one last look at her.  And
           then he shuts the door carefully and starts down the hall.

           INT. CARSON FOYER - MORNING

           Ezekiel comes down the stairs as quietly as possible.  He
           looks up to see Joel sitting cross-legged in the foyer right
           in front of the door.  Ezekiel winces slightly to see him.

                                 JOEL
                        You should say goodbye to her.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Walk me to the train.

           EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - MORNING

           The sun is just rising in the sky.  Ezekiel and Joel make
           their way across the field toward the railroad tracks.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You know I wish I could stay.

                                 JOEL
                        If you wish you could stay then you
                        can stay.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        Thing is I've seen how it ends for
                        me.  It only gets worse and I can't
                        let you and your mother live through
                        that.  It wouldn't be fair to you. 
                                 JOEL
                        I can take care of you.  I want you
                        to stay.  I don't care about what's
                        gonna happen to you.

           Ezekiel shakes his head.  They head up the road to the tracks. 

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It's best if I go it alone.  And I
                        promised somebody I'd be the last
                        one in the world like me.  I've got
                        to let go of myself in grace.  I
                        don't know exactly how to do that
                        but I've got to try.

                                 JOEL
                        But my mother's in love with you.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        That's the main reason I have to go. 
                        Because I can't let anybody love me. 
                        It'll only turn to grief.  And your
                        mother's been living with her heart
                        cracked open for too long already.  

                                 JOEL
                        You mean she misses my father.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        That's right.

                                 JOEL
                        He died because I was born.  It's
                        all my fault he's gone.

                                 EZEKIEL
                        You're wrong about that.

                                 JOEL
                        Sometimes she can't even look at me. 
                        I think she wishes I was the one who
                        died instead of him.

           Ezekiel stares at this sad, broken kid.  He sits down on a
           tree stump just in front of the train tracks.  He motions
           for Joel to come over and sit down next to him.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                        It's hard for your mother to look at
                        you sometimes because every day you
                        look more and more like him.  And
                        she wishes your father could see you
                        now because he'd be so proud of you. 
                        Don't you ever wish that?
           Joel hesitates a moment: it's a painful thing to admit.

                                 JOEL
                        I've got this picture of him.  At
                        night sometimes I talk to him.  

           Ezekiel smiles to see so much of himself in Joel.  And all
           of a sudden it comes to him, and he knows how he can let
           himself go in grace.  It's so simple that he doesn't know
           why he never thought of it until this exact moment.

                                 JOEL (CONT'D)
                        I ask him questions.  Or I tell him
                        what happened today.

           Ezekiel closes his eyes.  And this time he doesn't cry out. 
           His body is still.  It doesn't seem like he feels any pain
           at all.  It's like he's lit from within by a silver light.

                                 JOEL (CONT'D)
                        And then sometimes I wish he could
                        take me to all the places where he
                        used to go when he was a kid.

           Ezekiel opens his eyes.  He's someone else now and this time
           it's someone we've already met.  He grins to see his son.  

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        You ever been to that cave just past
                        the quarry?  I used to ride my bike
                        down there.  I'd sneak inside and
                        draw pictures of dinosaurs on the
                        walls and pretend cavemen drew them.

           Joel turns and looks at him.  He thinks he knows who it might
           be, but he can't quite bring himself to believe it yet.

                                 JOEL
                        You drew those dinosaurs?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Yeah I did.  And I used to climb up
                        the drainpipe to the steeple of the
                        town hall.  There's this little ledge
                        in the belfry that's just big enough
                        to fit one kid about your size.

           By now Joel fully comprehends that he's talking to his father. 
           He can't help but let a wide grin spread across his face.

                                 JOEL
                        I didn't know about that.
                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        You'll have to put bread crumbs in
                        your pockets to feed the crows that
                        nest up there.  Then once the sun
                        sets, you can get the best view in
                        town of all the stars and the planets.

                                 JOEL
                        Will you show me how to climb up
                        there?

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Of course.  Good Lord, you look
                        exactly like me.  I was skinny as a
                        rail too.  But give it a couple years
                        and you'll grow into yourself.

           Joel stares closely at the man who used to be Ezekiel.  He
           looks very much alive: far more alive than we have ever seen
           him before.  And more than that, the sorrow behind his eyes
           has vanished.  He isn't haunted anymore.

                                 JOEL
                        Where did Ezekiel go?

           The man who used to be Ezekiel Moss stares back at Joel.  He
           frowns, thinking long and hard, shaking his head, astonished.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        I don't know, son.  All I can say is
                        he's gone.  I think maybe he let go
                        of himself for good.  I think maybe
                        he gave himself away to me.

           And as Will slowly realizes the depth of Ezekiel's sacrifice
           and the enormous gift he has been given, he starts to cry. 
           He weeps freely and unashamedly and with a bottomless joy.

                                 JOEL
                        Dad?  Dad?

           Joel puts his hand on his father's chest to feel his heart
           beating.  His father embraces him.  

           The two of them hold onto each other for dear life as the
           freight train roars past and disappears around the bend.

           INT. CARSON KITCHEN - MORNING

           Iris stands at the kitchen sink washing dishes, alone and
           abandoned again, but bravely facing the day, as always.
           In the foyer, the screen door slams shut.  And then somebody
           is standing in the doorway of the kitchen.

                                 EZEKIEL
                            (as Will)
                        Iris?

           Iris doesn't need to hear another word to know who it is. 
           She turns around and looks at the man who used to be Ezekiel
           Moss.  She stares at her lost husband, come back to her.

                                 IRIS
                        Will.

           Iris goes to her husband and embraces him.  He lets out a
           shout of happiness.  Iris laughs.  He cups his hands to her
           face and kisses her on the mouth.  She kisses him back. 
           They hold each other tightly.  They don't want to let go.

           INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - DAY

           Outside the window we can see that all the leaves have fallen
           from the trees and there's a thin layer of frost on the grass.

           Martha sits at her desk and listens intently as Joel stands
           at the front of the room, reciting a poem for the class.

                                 JOEL
                        There came a burst of thunder sound -
                        The boy!  Oh!  Where was he....? 
                        Ask of the winds that far around
                        With fragments strewed the sea!

           Joel is reciting with a new confidence and understanding,
           and there are tears in his eyes.  The kids in the class stare
           off into space but Martha watches him very closely.  

                                 JOEL (CONT'D)
                        With mast, and helm, and pennon fair,
                        That well had borne their part --
                        The noblest thing that perished there
                        Was that young faithful heart.

           EXT. CARSON HOUSE - DAY

           Joel heads into his yard, on the way home from school.  The
           sun is going down and it's turning the cloudy white sky all
           orange and purple.  A few snowflakes are falling lightly.

           Inside the house it looks warm and cozy.  Through the windows
           he can see his mother and father setting the table for supper.

           But Joel stops when a breeze blows lightly against his hair. 
           On the wind Joel can hear the soft voices once again.  
           He sees the patch of dandelions sitting on the grass.  Somehow
           the frost hasn't gotten to them yet.  He walks over and
           crouches down in front of them, thinking.

           With a sudden surge of emotion, Joel reaches out his arm and
           runs his hand across the dandelions, breaking them up into a
           million pieces that are quickly caught by the wind and sent
           aloft high into the air.

           Joel rises to his feet and watches as all the tiny fragments
           of silver-grey flower scatter on the breeze.  He extends his
           arms to them, to try and free the soul of Ezekiel Moss.

           Joel watches the last tiny bit of flower get borne away on
           the air until it disappears from sight forever.  And then he
           turns and starts running across his yard, heading for home.

           THE END
