                           T    h    e       B  i  g      S t o n e    Grid

                                                                      by
                                                          S. Craig Zahler

                                                              First Draft

                                                                Contacts
                                                             Julien Thuan
                                         United Talent Agency 310.860.3791
                                                           Dallas Sonnier
                                                Caliber Media 310.786.9929
           Titlecard: Early spring.  The Hamptons.  New York

           EXT. MANSION / POOL DECK - NIGHT

           Behind a large white house, LANA, a slender twenty-four-year-
           old blonde woman wearing a vanilla bikini, swims across the 
           surface of a kidney-shaped pool, the interior of which is 
           decorated with blue tiles.  Seated upon a wooden patio 
           recliner watching the swimmer is PERRY, a muscular, albeit 
           slightly droopy, forty-seven-year-old with silk shorts and 
           long silver hair that is pulled back in a ponytail.

                                 PERRY
                        You navigate the water quite well.

                                 LANA
                            (thick Ukrainian accent)
                        Thank you.

           The woman glides in smooth arc toward the shallow end.

                                 PERRY
                        Perhaps your ancestors were aquatic 
                        apes?

           Lana places the soles of her feet upon the tiles; the water 
           retreats until it encircles her waist and laps at her navel.  
           She faces the seated man and wrinkles her brow, befuddled.

                                 LANA
                        I have not heard of these.

                                 PERRY
                        Assuming that you believe in 
                        evolution--and feel free not to 
                        tell me if you don’t--we’re all 
                        descended from apes.  But there’s 
                        this other theory that the reason 
                        human beings don’t have furry 
                        monkey bodies--which would be 
                        beneficial on dry land and in the 
                        sun and in the cold--is because 
                        there was an amphibious stage in 
                        our evolution.

           Lana, ruminating, wipes beads of water from her skin.

                                 LANA
                        Do the scientists believe this?
                                 PERRY
                        A small minority do.  But the way 
                        you zip around in that pool--and 
                        that webbing you’ve got between 
                        your little toes--makes me wonder 
                        if there was a concentration in the 
                        Ukraine.

                                 LANA
                        My ancestors were not swimming 
                        apes.

                                 PERRY
                        You’re probably right.  Still, I’m 
                        curious what would happen if I 
                        threw a banana in the deep end.

           Lana SPLASHES water onto Perry.  He LAUGHS.

                                 LANA
                        You are-

           Lana sees something, GASPS and drops into the water so that 
           only her head and neck remain above the surface.

                                 PERRY 
                        What’s wrong?

           Lana points a dripping index finger.

                                 LANA
                        There are men.

           Perry turns around and looks down the hill, toward the woods 
           that line the eastern perimeter of his property.  Three 
           silhouetted MEN stride from the trees, their shoes SQUEAKING 
           upon the damp grass.  Perry’s stomach sinks.

                                 PERRY
                        Lana, get inside the-

           White light flashes in front of the man in the middle; a 
           bullet WHISTLES through the air.  A porch light BURSTS and 
           goes dark; sparks HISS.

                                 SILHOUETTED MAN
                        Stay where you are or you will be 
                        shot.

           Lana is terrified; Perry’s face becomes bright red with 
           anger.  Upon the damp grass, the shoes of the approaching 
           trio SQUEAK like rodents.

                                 PERRY
                        Get the hell off of my-
           Muted gunfire flashes, SNAP.  Beneath Perry, a wooden chair 
           leg BURSTS.  The solid man falls to the concrete; his palms 
           and knees SMACK the stone.  He GRUNTS.

                                 LANA
                        Who are they?

                                 PERRY
                        I don’t know.

           Perry rises to his feet, wipes bloody palms upon his dense 
           stomach and watches the three Men climb the hill.  Into the 
           patio light walks a BURNED MAN WITH MISMATCHED EYES; he wears 
           a black sweat suit and holds a semi-automatic pistol that is 
           fitted with a silencer.  He is flanked by two big men--one is 
           BALD and the other is BLONDE--who wear jeans, sweatshirts and 
           backpacks of a charcoal color.

                                 PERRY (CONT'D)
                        Take whatever you want and get the 
                        hell out of here.

           The Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes walks toward Perry; the 
           big men walk toward the pool shed.

                                 BURNED MAN 
                        Perry Danton.

           Perry is surprised by the utterance of his name, but does not 
           remark upon it.  The big men disappear inside the pool shed.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        You did not pay the required amount 
                        into the system.

           Disbelief and anger flash across Perry’s face.

                                 PERRY
                        That’s what this is about?  You’re 
                        the guy who sent me that letter and 
                        those sick Polaroids?
                            (he SNORTS)
                        I gave those things to the cops.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        We know.

           Something metallic CLANKS within the pool shed.  Perry’s eyes 
           flicker to the open portal of the small white building.  
           Summarily, the big men emerge, carrying long-handled pool 
           poles.  They pull the blue nets from the ends of the 
           cylinders, discard them, CLACK-CLACK, extend the telescopic 
           tools and twist the pegs into place, CLICK-CLICK.

           Perry looks over at Lana; there is terror in her eyes.
                                 LANA
                        Perry?  What is going on?

           The big men, each holding a ten foot long metal pole, walk on 
           either side of the kidney-shaped pool.  Perry advances toward 
           the Burned Man.

                                 PERRY
                        She has nothing to-

           The Burned Man points his gun at Perry’s face.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Sit down.

           Trembling with anger, Perry walks to the patio chair, upon 
           which Lana a white towel is draped, and seats himself.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        Go ahead.

           The Big Blonde Man nestles his pool pole beneath his armpit, 
           reaches into his backpack, withdraws a very large silver 
           thermos, unscrews the top and pours its lime green contents 
           into the water.  Green fog rises from the combined liquids.

           Perry’s stomach sinks.

                                 PERRY
                        Lana.  Get out of the pool.

           Lana swims toward the side of the pool and climbs onto the 
           metal ladder.  A pool pole SMACKS into her throat; she 
           CHOKES, tumbles backward and SPLASHES into the water.

           Perry looks at the Burned Man.

                                 PERRY (CONT'D)
                        She’s got nothing to do with 
                        anything!  Let her go.

           The Burned Man does not respond.  Lana surfaces, SPITS out 
           tainted water and rubs her closed eyes.  Her skin is pink.

                                 LANA
                        Is burning.

                                 PERRY
                        Get out of the pool!

           Lana swims toward the south side of the pool.  A pole SMACKS 
           into her shoulder and drives her back; she swims in the 
           opposite direction; the other pole impacts her neck, and she 
           COUGHS.  Frantic and blind, she treads water in the middle of 
           the pool, CHOKING.  Her skin reddens.
                                 LANA
                        Let me out.  Is burning!

           Perry’s entire body shakes; his eyes sparkle with tears.

                                 PERRY 
                        Let her out, goddammit-- I’ll pay 
                        whatever you want.  Anything.

           The Burned Man does not respond to his plea.

           Lana ducks underneath the surface and swims toward the deep 
           end.  The big men track alongside her and thrust their pool 
           poles, as if spear-fishing.  Lana is pinned to the tiles; a 
           welter of red bubbles bursts from her mouth.  She wriggles 
           frantically; blisters cover her red skin.

           Tears pour down Perry’s face.  He looks away from the pool 
           and stares down at the dry concrete, shocked.

                                 PERRY (CONT'D)
                        I...I...why...?

                                 BURNED MAN
                        When you receive a bill from us, 
                        you pay.  That’s how it works.

           The big men withdraw their poles from the water.  Lana’s 
           lifeless body rises to the surface, where it floats, 
           facedown.  Her back and buttocks are red and covered with 
           welts.  Her hair is white, stripped of color.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        Turn her over.

           The Big blonde Man slides his pole underneath the body and 
           rolls the dead woman onto her back.  Her face is dark red and 
           swollen; her tongue and eyes are purple.

           The Burned Man looks at Perry.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        If you go to the police or if you 
                        ever again disobey your 
                        instructions, your wife and 
                        children will swim in acid.

           The Burned Man backs away from Perry, turns around and walks 
           downhill, toward the woods.  The big men follow.

                                 PERRY
                        Who...who d-do you work for?  Who’s 
                        in charge of this?

           The trio of intruders retreat beyond the porch lights and are 
           absorbed by the dark woods.  Shoes SQUEAK upon wet grass.
           Titlecard: Seven months later.  Autumn.  New York City.

           INT. GENTLE CARESSES - NIGHT

           Lavender and rose lights divine smooth and provocative parts 
           of the female form, two raised stages and the hungry gazes of 
           the enthralled men who inhabit the strip club.  The abused 
           loudspeakers are distorted to such an extent that bass 
           frequencies sound like amplified flatulence.  GARRET WINTER, 
           a lean thirty-nine-year-old blonde man with a scar above his 
           left ear and a crooked nose, sits in the back of the club, 
           dressed in blue slacks and a gray shirt.  A full bottle of 
           beer sits beside his left elbow.  His thoughts are in a 
           distant and unhappy place.

           The music gets louder.  Winter looks down, pulls a half-inch 
           wide strip from his napkin, RIP, and then tears a second 
           swatch loose, RIP.  He rolls the first piece into a cylinder 
           and inserts it into his left ear.

                                 WOMAN’S VOICE
                        For a second, I thought you were 
                        rolling a joint.

           TARA, a twenty-two-year-old brunette dancer wearing a black 
           sequin dress, sits in the plush lavender chair beside Winter.

                                 WINTER
                        Hello.

           Winter rolls a second stopper and inserts it into his right 
           ear.  Tara places a soft palm upon the man’s right shoulder, 
           rubs him gently and extends her free hand.

                                 TARA 
                        I’m Tara.

           Winter takes her hand and shakes it as if a business deal has 
           just been corporeally concluded.  The woman smirks.

                                 TARA (CONT'D)
                        You seem uncomfortable.  Relax.
                        There’s nothing wrong with 
                        appreciating the human body.

           Winter does not respond to her proclamation, but instead 
           raises his beer and watches it pendulously swing by its neck 
           from his fingertips.  Rose and lavender lights orbit like a 
           solar system within the sepia fluid.

                                 TARA (CONT'D)
                        You think there’s something wrong 
                        with coming to a place like this?
                                 WINTER
                        I don’t want to offend you.

                                 TARA
                        I won’t be offended.

                                 WINTER
                        I see a lot of troubled women in my 
                        line of work, and it seems like a 
                        place like this...takes advantage 
                        of their issues.

                                 TARA
                        If there wasn’t a place like this, 
                        half of these girls--or more--would 
                        become escorts or Holland tunnel 
                        hookers.  At least here there’re 
                        bouncers and some rules--not that 
                        all the girls follow the rules--but 
                        it’s a safe way for a girl like me 
                        to make money using my natural 
                        advantages.

                                 WINTER
                        “Natural advantages.”
                            (he glances at her figure)
                        That’s apt.

                                 TARA
                        Everybody has issues--I do and I’d 
                        bet you do--but most people don’t 
                        have the ability to make money off 
                        of their looks.  You really don’t 
                        need to feel bad for us.

           A BLONDE DANCER wearing translucent stiletto heels walks past 
           the table.  Tara points at Winter’s untouched bottle of beer.

                                 TARA (CONT'D)
                        How about you drink that, and I 
                        give you a private dance?

                                 WINTER
                        You are very pretty, but...but no 
                        thank you.  I apologize if I wasted 
                        your time-- I’m not sure how this 
                        is supposed to go.

           The THROBBING bass drum is replaced by the HISSING clamor of 
           distorted electric guitars.  Tara leans closer to Winter.

                                 TARA
                        Why’d you come here if you feel so 
                        weird about it?
                                 WINTER
                        I’m acting out.

           A somber grin comes to Winter’s face.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        And I suppose I was hoping I’d feel 
                        something in here...a surge, 
                        maybe...that magnetic pull you feel 
                        in your stomach when you’re 
                        attracted to somebody-- even just 
                        superficially.

           Winter looks down at his beer bottle.  Tara glances at the 
           man’s scintillating wedding band.

                                 TARA
                        Problems with your wife?

                                 WINTER
                        We had a bad conversation.

                                 TARA
                        Want to talk about it?

                                 WINTER 
                        I think I’ve wasted enough of your 
                        time

           Winter twists off his gold wedding band and ponders it.  
           Lavender and rose lights dance across its surface.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Here-

           Winter presses the wedding band into Tara’s palm.  The woman 
           is stunned.

                                 TARA 
                        I can’t-

                                 WINTER 
                        Take it.  Wear it or give it to 
                        somebody or sell it-- I just...I 
                        just don’t want-

           Winter pauses, reaches into his pocket and withdraws his 
           BUZZING cellphone.  He glances at the display, which reads 
           ‘Benjamin,’ and extracts wadded napkin from his right ear.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Sorry, I have to take this.
                            (he brings his phone to 
                             his open ear)
                        Yeah.
                            (he listens)
                                 (MORE)
                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Okay.  Pick me up at forty-ninth 
                        and tenth in fifteen minutes.

           Winter SNAPS his phone shut, secrets it in his slacks, rises 
           from the table and looks at Tara.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I need to get to a crime scene.  It 
                        was nice talking to you.

                                 TARA
                        Crime scene?  You’re a cop?

                                 WINTER
                        Detective.

           EXT. DELI DELIGHT - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, wearing a blue blazer that matches his slacks and a 
           black tie around his gray collar, exits the Korean grocery 
           carrying two cups of coffee.  A brown sedan with tinted 
           windows pulls up to the curb.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           BENJAMIN WILLIAMS, a strikingly handsome forty-three-year-old 
           black man with a thin mustache, close-cropped hair, 
           significant sideburns and a brown suit, leans across the 
           leather interior of his sedan and opens the door, CLNK.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You didn’t put any of that fake 
                        sugar shit in mine?

                                 WINTER
                        It’s authentic.

           Winter sits in the passenger seat.  Benjamin unscrews the lid 
           of the travel mug that is nestled in his dashboard.   The 
           blonde man pours a cup of coffee into the mug and sets his 
           full cup inside the empty one.  He shuts the door, THUNK.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Sounds like he ate a gun.

           Benjamin screws the lid onto his travel mug and checks his 
           rearview mirrors.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Sure does.
                            (he accelerates)
                        Why’re you in this area at night?

                                 WINTER
                        Sightseeing.
           Benjamin looks at Winter; the blonde man stares at the road, 
           his blank blue eyes illuminated by the lights of oncoming 
           cars.  The black man returns his gaze forward.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Are you okay to do this?  Seems 
                        like a formality-- us being there.

                                 WINTER
                        The distraction is welcome.

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter and Benjamin walk into the white and gold marble lobby 
           of the condominium complex, where two OFFICERS in uniform, a 
           black thirty-year-old female and an older white male, stand 
           beside the DOORMAN, a Hispanic man with slicked back silver 
           hair and bright white dentures.  The striding detectives 
           display their badges and laminates.

                                 MALE OFFICER
                        Detectives.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Officers.

                                 WINTER
                        Where’s the scene?

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        Twenty-second floor.

                                 WINTER
                        What’s the room number?

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        There isn’t one.

                                 WINTER
                        He owns the entire floor?

           The Female Officer nods.  Benjamin looks at the Doorman, who 
           is both sad and anxious, and reads his name tag.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Hugo.  Can you take us up there?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Yes.  I take you.
           INT. ZENITH TOWER / ELEVATOR - SAME

           Winter and Benjamin walk into the large elevator, the walls 
           of which are fluted like Greco-Roman pillars.  The Doorman 
           enters and presses the button marked, ‘PH.’  The door shuts.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Detective Winter-- what do you 
                        think of this building?  Nice, 
                        isn’t it?

                                 WINTER
                        It’s like a preview of heaven.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Hugo?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Yes.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Do the people who live here treat 
                        you well?

                                 DOORMAN
                        They are very nice to me.  Polite.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Was Mr. O’Connor a nice man?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Yes.  Very nice.  Always nice.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Was he happy?

           The Doorman becomes quiet.  The numbers 12, 14 and 15 shine 
           upon the wall.  The detectives watch Hugo ruminate.

                                 DOORMAN
                        Not since his niece died.

           Winter and Benjamin exchange a surreptitious glance.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        When was that?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Three years ago.  He change after 
                        that.  And his wife leave him too.

           Winter withdraws a note pad and pen from his jacket.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        How did he change?
                                 DOORMAN
                        He was sad.  And nervous.

           Upon the wall, the letters, ‘PH’ shine.  A bell BINGS.

           INT. PENTHOUSE / FOYER - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, secreting his pad, and Benjamin walk through the open 
           door of the penthouse and into a foyer, the rose walls of 
           which are covered with photographs of buildings.  SERGEANT 
           ARTHUR, a plump black man with gray hair and a blue uniform, 
           approaches the detectives.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        Detectives.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Sergeant.  Why’re you on this?

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        I was in the area when it was 
                        reported.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Who’s been notified?

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        We left a message for his daughter, 
                        but we haven’t heard back yet.  
                        She’s in Nebraska.

           The Sergeant turns around and leads the detectives forward.

           INT. PENTHOUSE / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           The Sergeant escorts Winter and Benjamin into a large living 
           room that has rose and pink wallpaper and a carpeted sunken 
           area furnished with white leather sofas.  On the far wall is 
           a huge window that admits a view of the southern half of 
           Manhattan, a gray grid from which sprout dark obelisks 
           covered with luminous rectilinear stars.  Splattered upon a 
           portion of the glass are clumps of brownish-red matter.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        The view is great, though his 
                        brains get in the way of the Empire 
                        State Building.

           Benjamin looks at the skyline.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        It’s been years, but I’m still not 
                        used to the towers being gone.
                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        That’s not something you should 
                        ever get used to.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I hear you.

           The detectives walk toward the carpet, where lies a toppled 
           human corpse.

                                 WINTER
                        Forensics on the way?

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        They are.

           The detectives walk onto the white carpet and stride toward 
           the body-- a bearded, white-haired man in his sixties, lying 
           face down beside a dislodged sofa cushion.  The back of his 
           head is a gaping cavity that looks as if it is filled with 
           red cabbage and gravel; clutched in his right hand is a long 
           revolver sticky with dried gore.

           At the edge of the crimson perimeter, Winter and Benjamin 
           pause and kneel.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR (CONT'D)
                        Thoughts?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        He’s dead.

                                 WINTER
                        Looks like two exit wounds.  The 
                        initial shot and a second one, 
                        slightly off axis.

           Surprised, Sergeant Arthur glances at Winter.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        He pulled the trigger twice?

                                 WINTER
                        Looks like it.

           The blonde man circles around the body, pulls a penlight from 
           his belt, CLICKS it on, kneels and shines the beam into the 
           dead man’s open mouth.  The ray glimmers upon metal fillings 
           and the deep hole in the corpse’s hard palate.  Benjamin and 
           the Sergeant flank Winter and look over his back.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I only see one entrance wound.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        That’s all I saw.
                                 WINTER
                        There’s only one.  See that nick on 
                        the side of it?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yeah.

                                 WINTER
                        That’s from the sighting of the 
                        revolver-- it cut a groove as it 
                        entered the hole.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You think he shoved a gun through 
                        the roof of his own mouth?

                                 WINTER
                        Not exactly.  It looks like he had 
                        the gun jammed into his mouth with 
                        so much force that it didn’t kick 
                        after the first shot, but slid up 
                        into the bullet hole.  And then he 
                        fired the second shot-- or his 
                        reflexes did.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        You don’t think he had a helping 
                        hand?

                                 WINTER
                        I don’t.
                            (he stands upright)
                        Benjamin and I will sniff around, 
                        but I’m certain he did it himself.  
                        This man...he wanted out.

           Benjamin notices the solemn tone of his partner’s remark.  
           Winter CLICKS off his penlight, replaces it on his belt and 
           looks away from the corpse, toward the city outside.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER

           Benjamin guides his sedan into traffic.  Winter gazes through 
           the windshield, aloof and inscrutable.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Is the absence of your wedding ring 
                        something from which I can draw a 
                        meaningful conclusion?

           Winter looks through the passenger window.  The silhouetted 
           forms of doormen are the only signs of life along the quiet 
           avenue, each man separate, encased in a glass display.
                                 WINTER
                        Evelyn’s seeing somebody else.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck.

                                 WINTER
                        And she’s pregnant.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Double fuck.  How long’s this been 
                        going on?

                                 WINTER
                        Started when I was convalescing.

           Anger flashes across Benjamin’s face.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        While you were recovering from 
                        being shot?  Christ that’s 
                        treacherous.
                            (he shakes his head)
                        I hope you broke some shit and 
                        shouted vulgarities.

                                 WINTER
                        There didn’t seem to be any point 
                        in bickering-- she’s having another 
                        man’s kid.  She and I had a lot of 
                        good years, there’s no reason to-

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Take my gun from my belt.  Take it 
                        and hide it right now.

                                 WINTER
                        Why?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Because if you tell me that you 
                        want to be friends with her, I’m 
                        going to shoot you in the face.

                                 WINTER
                        She and I haven’t been friends for 
                        a long time.  Adultery isn’t going 
                        to make us pals.

           Benjamin slows the car; the facades outside drift and stop.  
           Red traffic and taillights illuminate the men’s faces.  
           Benjamin appraises his partner for a moment.
                                 BENJAMIN 
                        You want to stay at my place?  
                        You’re welcome to.  And Isabella 
                        made banana bread.

           The men’s red faces become green; Benjamin accelerates.

                                 WINTER
                        Thanks, but I want to go home.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Evelyn going to be there?

                                 WINTER
                        No.  She was packing when I left.

           Benjamin steers the car around a corner.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You coming in tomorrow?

                                 WINTER
                        Yeah.  Better to keep busy.  We’ll 
                        look into O’Connor-- something 
                        isn’t quite right there.  And bring 
                        the banana bread.

           INT. BLACK CARGO VAN - NIGHT

           The black cargo van RUMBLES along a dark street in a bleak, 
           run-down industrial area.  Sitting upon the torn vinyl bench 
           is the Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes, wearing a gray sweat 
           suit and latex gloves, and the Big  Blonde Man, wearing 
           jeans, a sweatshirt and latex gloves.  At their feet lies a 
           blonde and blindfolded male TEEN who wears ripped clothing 
           and has handcuffs on his wrists and ankles.  At the wheel 
           sits the FRECKLED DRIVER, a square-faced thirty-six-year-old 
           with red hair and hands like boxing gloves.

           The van rolls into a dark portal, RUMBLING.  Upon the 
           corrugated floor, the Teen WEEPS.

           INT. DILAPIDATED WAREHOUSE - SAME

           The dented black cargo van rolls into the cavernous 
           warehouse, headlights glaring in the eyes of six caged 
           Rottweiler dogs.  Amidst the BARKING beasts lie the gnawed 
           bones of a seventh and eighth animal.

           The Freckled Driver stops the van, shifts into park, CLICK-
           CLICK, rises from his seat, turns around and walks into the 
           body of the vehicle, where he is absorbed by darkness.

           The idling engine RUMBLES.  Within the vehicle, fabric RIPS.
                                 TEEN (O.S.)
                        Stop!  What’re you doing!?!  What-

           Nearby, the caged dogs BARK and paw their cage with muscular 
           limbs.  Toenails CLICK-CLICK-CLICK across metal; slobber 
           sparkles in the headlights as it falls from their mouths.

                                 TEEN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        Fucking faggots, what’re you gonna 
                        do?  Fucking rape me, you goddamn-

           A SMACK precludes any more commentary from the youth; the 
           darkened van wobbles.  Within the cage, the dogs BARK and 
           slobber.  A bright white light flashes behind the windshield.

           The side door of the vehicle slides open, THUNK.  The Teen, 
           nude excepting his handcuffs and fetters, rolls from the van 
           and drops to the concrete, SMACK.

           Seated upon the bench, the Big Blonde Man and the Freckled 
           Driver twist metal apparatuses in their hands, SQUEAK, 
           SQUEAK, SQUEAK.  Metal disks rise from turning cylinders.  
           They are opening large cans of wet dog food.

           The teen raises his head, turns to the van and opens his 
           mouth; blood pours down his chin and neck.

                                 TEEN (CONT'D)
                        J-j-just l-let me go...please.

           The Teen begins to SOB.  Within the van, a light flashes.  A 
           rectangle extrudes from the bottom of the Polaroid camera 
           held by the Burned Man.

           Ten feet from the prone Teen, the dogs press against chain 
           links, BARKING, GROWLING, slobbering.

                                 TEEN (CONT'D)
                        Please just let me-

           Dog food SMACKS against the Teen’s face and fills his mouth.  
           He SPITS.

                                 TEEN (CONT'D)
                        Fuck!

           Dog food SPLATTERS across the Teen’s pale chest.  From the 
           can, the Freckled Driver extracts more wet matter.  The 
           camera flashes; an embryonic picture extrudes form the slit.  
           The Rottweilers smell the wet, aromatic food and lunge at the 
           walls of their cage, WHAM, WHAM, WHAM.  

           Dog food SLAPS the Teen in the neck.  The Freckled Driver 
           climbs out of the van, discards his empty can, CLANK, shuts 
           the side door of the vehicle, THUNK, and walks to the cages.  
           The confined dogs expel glittering saliva and BARK a red 
           frenzy, boiling with hunger.

           The SOBBING Teen rises to his feet; wet and cold clumps of 
           dog food slide down his nude body like snails.  The Polaroid 
           camera flashes through the open passenger window.

           The Freckled Driver hoists himself to the top of the dog cage 
           and sits.  Below him, the starved and furious Rottweilers 
           BARK and GROWL and SNAP at the fence and each other.

           The nude, dog food-splattered Teen takes a step forward; the 
           chain connecting his fetters SNAPS taut; he teeters, food 
           sliding down his body.  Dogs BARK and HOWL.

           The Freckled Driver undoes the top latch, CLICK, and raises 
           the gate, CREAK.  The Rottweilers pour through the opening, 
           ecstatic and frenzied, slavering, BARKING, HOWLING.

           The Teen raises his right foot and advances one inch.  Teeth 
           sink into his left thigh; the young man SHRIEKS and falls to 
           the stone, SMACK.  Teeth burrow into the youth’s neck; his 
           SHRIEK become a wet SKIRL.  Teeth dig into his calf and yank 
           the muscle loose; his toes wriggle.

           The Polaroid flashes.

           INT. LOWER EAST SIDE APARTMENT BUILDING / STAIRWELL - SAME

           Winter walks past brass mailboxes and climbs the stairwell.

           EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE APARTMENT BUILDING / SECOND FLOOR - SAME

           Winter enters the beige and brown second floor hallway.  
           Lying in front of the doors are the menus for a restaurant 
           called Happy Panda Chinese Food.  The blonde man picks up the 
           papers as he walks, irked.  He folds the collection and 
           places them into his jacket pocket.

           In front of apartment 2J, he stops and fishes out his keys.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           The lock CLICKS and the door opens.  Winter walks into the 
           apartment, an exposed brick enclosure with brown furniture 
           and a score of framed 1970s concert posters upon the walls-- 
           Yes, King Crimson, Hawkwind, Wishbone Ash, Nectar, Budgie, 
           Thin Lizzy and Blue Oyster Cult.

                                 WINTER
                        I thought you’d be gone by now.
           From the hall closet emerges EVELYN, a thirty-seven-year-old 
           woman with light brown hair, an athletic build, a kind face 
           and large green eyes.  She wears jeans, sneakers and a t-
           shirt that says Amnesty International.

                                 EVELYN
                        Sorry.  It’s taking longer than I 
                        thought.  How were the strippers?  
                        Insightful?

                                 WINTER
                        I’m not going to banter with you. 
                        How much longer will you need?

                                 EVELYN
                        Fifteen minutes.  Twenty at most.

                                 WINTER
                        I’ll be back in thirty.

                                 EVELYN
                        I know what I did was terrible, but-

                                 WINTER
                        There’s no “but” in that sentence.

                                 EVELYN
                        Well...did you want things to 
                        continue like they were?  I don’t 
                        think either of us has said, “I 
                        love you” since the fight in Costa 
                        Rica, and if I didn’t end it, you 
                        never would have.  You’d just keep 
                        going deeper and deeper into your 
                        work, compartmentalizing-

                                 WINTER
                        You’re criticizing me?  With some 
                        random baby in your stomach?

                                 EVELYN
                        I’m just saying that this will be 
                        good for you too-- you don’t have 
                        assume the role of the victim.

           Anger flashes behind Winter’s eyes, but quickly grows cold.  
           He turns around and walks toward the door.

                                 EVELYN (CONT'D)
                        Garret, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have-

           Winter exits the apartment and shuts the door, THUNK.
           EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE APARTMENT BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter walks through the entrance of the old brown building 
           and onto the sidewalk.

                                 WINTER
                        Unbelievable.

           He puts his hands inside his pockets; paper CRINKLES.

           EXT. HAPPY PANDA CHINESE FOOD - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter enters a small take-out restaurant, the walls of which 
           are covered with faded images of Chinese food that looks 
           lacquered rather than cooked.  A thirty-year-old CHINESE MAN 
           with a wispy mustache stands at the register, staring.

                                 WINTER
                        I’m in building two-forty-five on 
                        this street.  We have a sign up 
                        that says ‘No Menus.’

                                 CHINESE MAN
                        Then throw in the garbage.

                                 WINTER
                        There are lots of old people in my 
                        building and they can slip on them--
                        that’s happened twice--and I’m 
                        tired of picking up after you guys.

           Winter reaches into his pockets, pulls out two handfuls of 
           ripped-up menus and throws them into the air; they scatter 
           like confetti all about the restaurant.

           INT. SUBWAY / LEXINGTON LINE - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter enters a nearly empty Uptown train and sits down.  
           Prone upon a bench at the far end of the glowing car is a 
           VAGRANT, a black man in his forties who wears a dingy parka 
           and grimy jeans.  The car doors close.

                                 ANNOUNCER (O.S.)
                        Next stop, Union Square.

           The detective opens his note pad; the Vagrant sits up and 
           appraises the stranger who has entered his public bedroom.

                                 VAGRANT
                        Excuse me sir.

           Winter looks at the homeless man; the train RATTLES forward.
                                 VAGRANT (CONT'D)
                        Could you help get me something to 
                        eat?

                                 WINTER
                        Sure.  Get off at my stop and I’ll 
                        buy you something-- fruit, a hot 
                        dog, some soup-- whatever you want.

                                 VAGRANT
                        Just give me a dollar.

                                 WINTER
                        I’m not giving you money.  I’m a 
                        cop and I know exactly where 
                        that’ll go.

           With bleary red eyes, the homeless man glares at Winter.  The 
           detective replaces his gaze upon his note pad and writes.  
           The Vagrant, annoyed, SPITS upon the floor.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I rescind the hot dog.

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / LOBBY - LATER

           The Female Officer and the Older Officer, both weary and 
           bored, sit upon plush benches in the lobby of the condominium 
           complex.  The Doorman pulls the door wide for Winter.

                                 WINTER
                        Thanks.

                                 OFFICERS
                        Detective.

                                 WINTER
                        Officers.  Did forensics finish up?

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        Yes.  PMs are taking the body now.

                                 WINTER
                        Has O’Connor’s daughter been in 
                        touch?

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        No.

                                 WINTER
                        When did you last call her?

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        Midnight.  And we left three 
                        messages before that.
                                 WINTER 
                        Give me her number.

           INT. PENTHOUSE / LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Two PARAMEDICS carry the covered body out of the apartment 
           with a drop-wheel gurney.  Winter withdraws his cellphone and 
           walks toward an open doorway.

           INT. PENTHOUSE / BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           A large four poster bed with silken sheets stands in the 
           center of the vanilla and gold bedroom.  Upon the east wall 
           are two paintings.  One depicts O’Connor and his Wife, both 
           in their late thirties, standing behind a Girl who resembles 
           her father more than her mother.  Beside the family portrait 
           hangs another acrylic, a romantic portrait of O’Connor’s 
           Wife, painted when she was in her fifties, reclining on a 
           divan by a window that shows a view of a beach.  Winter 
           appraises the paintings, his phone pressed to his ear.

                                 WINTER
                        I’d like to leave a message for 
                        Elizabeth O’Connor.  This is 
                        Detective Garret Winter in New 
                        York.  I’m sorry to call you at 
                        this hour, but I need to speak with 
                        you regarding a very urgent matter.  
                        Please get back to me as quickly as 
                        possible at two-one-two, five-five-
                        five, two-nine-one-nine. Thank you.

           Winter cuts the connection, replaces his phone, opens his 
           note pad and writes: ‘*Portraits of Ex-Wife on Bedroom Wall?’

           He walks to a closed door and slides it open; automatic 
           lights brighten the adjacent space.  Before him hang fine 
           garments-- scores of shirts and at least forty suits.  He 
           kneels and looks around; shiny black and brown shoes sit upon 
           the lowermost shelves like a phalanx of enormous beetles.

           Something CRACKS behind Winter.  He turns around and surveys 
           the dark space underneath the mattress, pulling his jacket 
           open so that the handle of his pistol is accessible.

           From his belt he withdraws his penlight.  He CLICKS it on and 
           shines the beam into the darkness.  Two eyes glow.  Winter’s 
           stomach lurches...and an instant later, he grins.

           The hidden cat scampers out from underneath the bed-- a plump 
           white feline with the distinctive pushed-in face of the 
           Persian breed.  The haughty animal leaves the room.
           The detective returns his gaze to the underside of the bed, 
           pans his penlight back and forth and sees a cardboard box.  
           He pulls the container out from underneath the mattress.

           Winter CLICKS off his penlight, clips it to his belt, places 
           the box upon the bed and raises the lid.  Inside lie 
           sunglasses, a dingy gray sweat suit, a baseball cap and 
           ragged blue sneakers.  He lifts the ratty sweatshirt from the 
           box and examines it.  The left cuff is stained and the collar 
           has a two-inch tear.

           Upon his note pad, Winter writes: ‘*Dirty garment separate 
           from other clothing.  Disguise???’

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER

           Cradling the porcine Persian cat in his right arm, Winter 
           emerges from the elevator.  The Doorman and the Female 
           Officer see him and (wearily) rise.

                                 FEMALE OFFICER
                        Are you finished?

                                 WINTER
                        Yes.  You can lock up.

           The Doorman sees the cat.

                                 DOORMAN
                        I forget about Empress.

                                 WINTER
                        Empress, huh?  The cat’s a girl?

                                 DOORMAN
                        You can’t tell?

                                 WINTER
                        Not sure she can.

           The cat suspects that it has been insulted.

                                 DOORMAN
                        You take her home?

                                 WINTER
                            (nodding)
                        My wife’s allergic.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - LATER

           Winter walks into the apartment, holding the indignant feline 
           and a plastic bag that contains ten cans of cat food.  
           He shuts the door behind him, locks it, CLACK, and sets the 
           animal down.  Empress haughtily surveys the living room.

                                 WINTER
                        Consider the economy.

           Empress retreats underneath the sofa.  Winter sets the cat 
           food upon the dinner table and sees a thrice-folded piece of 
           paper that is addressed, ‘Garret.’  He reaches for the 
           letter, stops, shakes his head and fingers the switch of the 
           standing lamp, CLICK.  Darkness expands.

           Winter walks toward the bedroom, which is a chiaroscuro of 
           yellow streetlight and shadow.  The aquatic sound of a 
           neighbor’s television BUZZES through the thin walls.  At the 
           bedroom doorway, he hesitates.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / STUDY - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter CLICKS on the desk lamp; white light glares.  The 
           walls of the study are covered with framed newspaper 
           clippings, including, ‘Talbot Murder Case Reopened,’ ‘Lionel 
           Ward Receives Three Life Sentences,’ ‘Central Park Rapist 
           Apprehended,’ and ‘Conviction in Rosa Gonzalez Killing.’  
           Photographs of unhappy men accompany all of these headlines.

           Removing his jacket, the detective walks toward the small 
           sofa that is wedged in-between two gray file cabinets.

           INT. BENJAMIN AND ISABELLA’S APARTMENT / KITCHEN - MORNING

           The kitchen is bright yellow.  Behind the sink is a window 
           that admits a view of the Brooklyn Bridge, some questionable 
           water and a slice of the Manhattan skyline.  Benjamin, 
           wearing a plaid apron over his blue slacks and black shirt, 
           WHISKS raw eggs, adjusts the flame beneath a cast iron pan in 
           which bacon SIZZLES and sets six English muffin halves into a 
           toaster oven.

           ISABELLA, a petite thirty-six-year-old Spanish-American woman 
           wearing a burgundy man’s robe, enters the room, brushing a 
           knot from her hair.  Her vulpine eyes appraise Benjamin.

                                 ISABELLA
                            (light Spanish accent)
                        You’re making breakfast during the 
                        week?  Is it Gopher Day?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Wrong month.  And that’s a 
                        groundhog, not a gopher.  
                        Technically, I think he’s a 
                        woodchuck.  But there isn’t a 
                        holiday.  I am making breakfast 
                        because I’m depleted.
                                 ISABELLA
                            (feigning innocence)
                        Why is that?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You are aware of what happened last 
                        night?  What you made me do when I 
                        got in from work?  Three times?

           A lascivious grin shines upon the woman’s sharp features.  
           She walks beside Benjamin and KISSES his neck while he prods 
           CRACKLING bacon.

                                 ISABELLA 
                        I was sleeping when you got in.  
                        Very innocently.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        “Innocently?”  You were on top of 
                        the blanket, wearing that camisole-- 
                        the red one--and you’d lit candles.  
                        It was a Spanish sex trap.

           Isabella KISSES Benjamin’s left cheek, walks to the table and 
           seats herself.  The black man withdraws English muffin halves 
           from the toaster oven and sets them onto a plate.  With fork 
           tines, he flips the trembling bacon.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Evelyn is leaving Winter.

                                 ISABELLA
                        When is the party?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        He’s not celebrating.  She’s been 
                        having an affair and--I’m not sure 
                        that I’m allowed to tell you this 
                        but--but she’s pregnant too.

                                 ISABELLA
                            (grimacing)
                        Puta traidora.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yeah.

           Benjamin pours eggs into the buttered skillet; they whiten.
                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Just to let you know--and I have no 
                        reason to suspect that this will 
                        ever happen--but if you did that to 
                        me--had an affair--I would remove 
                        your head, fly to Europe and roll 
                        it into the middle of the World 
                        Cup.

           Isabella contemplates the fate of her treacherous head.

                                 ISABELLA
                        I accept.  That is fair.  And if 
                        you are the cheater, I will take a 
                        knife--a dull butter knife, not a 
                        sharp chef knife--and cut-

                                 GIRL’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Mommy?

           Isabella and Benjamin look to the doorway.  Into the portal 
           walks SOFIA, a biracial nine-year-old girl wearing jeans, a 
           red t-shirt and sneakers equipped with flashing lights.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Yes?

                                 SOFIA
                        I can’t go to school today.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Why is that?

           Sofia looks over at her father.  Benjamin presses fluffy eggs 
           to the far side of the tilted pan and adds grated Gruyere 
           cheese.  The girl approaches her mother.

                                 SOFIA
                        Mrs. Kupperberg is making us watch 
                        mollusks.

           Isabella looks over at Benjamin; the man upends the pan and 
           slides the large omelette onto a serving plate.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Does Sofia have to watch the 
                        mollusks?

           Benjamin withdraws strips of jittery bacon from the other 
           skillet and sets them on a bed of paper towels.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Mollusks are essential.
                                 SOFIA
                        That’s what you said about 
                        crustaceans!

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Perhaps.

           EXT. WESTFIELD BANK AND INVESTMENT - MORNING

           The gray bank rises toward a drab sky of the same color.  As 
           with many edifices in the financial district, the windows are 
           protected by grids of black cast iron.  From a revolving door 
           emerges MRS. LONGFORD, a fifty-six-year-old woman wearing a 
           sharp black suit, matching heels and short, dyed-blonde hair.  
           Although she exudes confidence and wealth, her right hand 
           rigidly clutches her large, heavy purse, betraying an 
           otherwise well-suppressed anxiety.

           INT. SOUTH STREET SEAPORT MALL - MOMENTS LATER

           Mrs. Longford walks past storefronts and myriad New Yorkers, 
           most of whom hasten in the opposite direction toward their 
           jobs on Wall Street.

           INT. PUBLIC BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Mrs. Longford, wearing dirty sneakers, worn jeans and a 
           sweatshirt with a stained left cuff and a torn collar, 
           emerges from a bathroom stall.  She looks at herself in the 
           scratched mirror, frowns and puts a baseball cap upon her 
           head.  When she releases the visor, she sees that her hands 
           are trembling.

           Two HEAVY PUERTO RICAN WOMEN enter the bathroom.  Mrs. 
           Longford grips her purse tightly.

           EXT. PEARL STREET - MOMENTS LATER

           Shops and vendors line the financial district side street.  
           Mrs. Longford, wearing her dingy outfit and clutching her 
           purse, hails a taxi.  The KOREAN-AMERICAN CABBIE, a solemn 
           fellow of forty, pulls up to the curb.  She appraises him 
           momentarily, exhales a breath of air and grabs the handle.

           INT. TAXI CAB - SAME

           Mrs. Longford opens the door, sits upon the green vinyl seat 
           and shuts the door, THUNK.
                                 MRS. LONGFORD
                        I would like to go to one hundred 
                        and sixtieth--that’s six-zero--and 
                        Broadway.  Drive to the west side 
                        and take the Hudson so we don’t sit 
                        in traffic for an eternity.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / STUDY - SAME

           An alarm BUZZES.  Winter, asleep on the small couch that is 
           wedged in-between file cabinets, awakens and SLAPS the clock.  
           Standing in the doorway is Empress.  The cat has doubts.

           INT. TAXI CAB - SAME

           Mrs. Longford looks through the side window of the taxi cab. 
           The Hudson River and Jersey shore recede, replaced by 
           tenement housing, open lots surrounded by rusty gates, dented 
           vehicles, garish neon vehicles and sporadic clusters of 
           PEOPLE with dark skin.

           EXT. BROADWAY IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - MOMENTS LATER

           The Cabbie steers his vehicle toward the west side of the 
           avenue.  Two DOMINICAN-AMERICAN TEENAGERS who wear gold 
           skullies, black denim outfits and gold sneakers watch the 
           vehicle from the stoop of a boarded-up building that has the 
           phrase, ‘Da Peeplez will Rize’ painted upon it.

           Within the cab, Mrs. Longford pays the driver and grips her 
           bag.  She rises into the drear day and shuts the door, THUNK.  
           The cab departs.

                                 DOMINICAN MAN
                        Come up here for a little somethin’ 
                        somethin’?

           The witty man’s contemporary GIGGLES.  Mrs. Longford walks 
           past the duo, toward the corner of the block.

           EXT. DESOLATE STREET IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - SAME

           Mrs. Longford strides down the sloped sidewalk, avoiding gum, 
           condom wrappers, condoms and dark clumps that originated in 
           stray animals.  Upon either side of her are crumbling 
           brownstones, gated lots and abandoned project buildings.

           The woman stops in front of an unnumbered three-story 
           brownstone that has boarded-up windows and an exposed upper 
           floor, from which rusty pipes jut like bones.
           Mrs. Longford glances up and down the desolate block and 
           determines that she is the only person in the vicinity.  
           Toward the front door, she hastens.

           The fifty-six-year-old woman ascends five steps, surveys her 
           surroundings, determines that she is still alone, fishes two 
           keys from her sweat pants and inserts the larger of the pair 
           into the new stainless steel lock located upon the old door.  
           She twists the key, CLICK, replaces it in her pocket, surveys 
           her surroundings, determines that she is still alone and 
           pushes the door.  The hinges CREAK.

           Mrs. Longford glances up at the gray sky.

                                 MRS. LONGFORD
                        Please keep me safe.

           The drear vault remains silent.  Into the dark enclosure, the 
           anxious woman walks.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FRONT ROOM - SAME

           The hallway walls are of cracked paint, exposed brick and 
           yawning black spaces.  Mrs. Longford closes the door behind 
           her, THUNK, and locks it, CLACK.  She waits for her eyes to 
           adjust to the weak light; somewhere within, water DRIPS.

           Up the dark hallway, she walks.  Feeble light glows at the 
           far end of the passage; something SCRATCHES a nether surface.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FIRST FLOOR LANDING - SAME

           Anxious and wary, the fifty-six-year-old woman strides onto 
           the landing, which is illuminated by the light that creeps 
           around the edges of wooden boards.  To her right is a warped 
           stairwell that ascends into pure darkness and to her left is 
           a row of rusty mailboxes.

           Mrs. Longford, sweating, withdraws the pair of keys, inserts 
           the smaller one into the middle mailbox and twists her hand, 
           CLICK.  She pulls the rusty door wide, CREAK.  The inside of 
           the receptacle is pristine stainless steel.

           She leaves the key in the lock, reaches into her black purse, 
           withdraws a folded manila envelope, opens the parcel, 
           withdraws a half-inch thick bundle of new one hundred dollar 
           bills and places it inside the mailbox.

           Upon this first pile, she sets a second stack and a third and 
           a fourth and a fifth and a sixth and a seventh.  She CRUMPLES 
           up the manila envelope and stuffs it deep into her purse.

           Mrs. Longford looks at the pile of bills, which is larger 
           than a brick, and shuts the door of the mailbox, CLINK.  
           Within the wall, a metal gear CLANKS.  Mrs. Longford reopens 
           the mailbox and looks inside.  The stainless steel 
           compartment is now empty.

           She closes and locks the mailbox, CLICK, replaces the keys in 
           her pocket and walks toward the entrance.  Somewhere within 
           the building water DRIPS and vermin SCRATCH old wood.

           EXT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 - SAME

           Benjamin, wearing a blue suit and carrying a plastic 
           container, walks up the front steps of the five-story 
           building.  Engraved in stone over the front door are the 
           words, ‘New York City Police Precinct 19’.  An American flag 
           depends from a brass pole at the top of the edifice, still 
           beneath the gray sky.

           INT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 / RECEIVING AREA - SAME

           The receiving area has brown walls and pale mint linoleum 
           tiles.  Benjamin walks past a watchful OFFICER (with whom he 
           exchanges nods) and two rows of pine green plastic seats and 
           draws near the front desk, behind which sits a RECEPTIONIST, 
           a Chinese-American woman with short blonde hair.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Good morning Amy.

                                 RECEPTIONIST
                        Good morning detective.

           INT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 / MAIN POOL - SAME

           Benjamin navigates the main pool, an area congested with 
           OFFICERS and CLERKS, desks and file cabinets, and walks 
           toward a closed wooden door, upon which sits a placard with 
           the name, ‘Detectives Garret L. Winter.’  He glances through 
           the window, grabs the doorknob, twists it and walks inside.

           INT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 / WINTER’S OFFICE - SAME

           Framed clippings and degrees hang upon the wall, and a human 
           skeleton dangles from a stand, a fedora atop its head and a 
           plastic cigar in its mouth.  At the desk and holding a corded 
           phone to his ear is Winter.  He raises an index finger and 
           points to the chair opposite him.  Benjamin takes a seat.

                                 WINTER
                            (into the phone)
                        I understand that this is a shock 
                        to you, but do you think that you 
                        are well enough to answer a few 
                        questions?
                                 (MORE)
                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                            (he listens)
                        When would you like for us to make 
                        our visit?

           Listening to the phone, Winter rises from his chair, grabs 
           his gray suit jacket and points to the door.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Thank you Miss O’Connor.  We will 
                        see you shortly.  Goodbye.

           Winter hangs up the phone, CLKCL.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Should I get overalls?

                                 WINTER
                        That was O’Connor’s wife--his ex-
                        wife.  She’s in Midtown.  The 
                        daughter in Nebraska is still 
                        missing.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Still?

           Winter flings on his jacket and nods.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Maybe she wrecked her tractor?

           Winter buttons his jacket and walks toward the door.

                                 WINTER
                        She didn’t show up for work 
                        yesterday and nobody’s heard from 
                        her today.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Did you tell her mother?

                                 WINTER
                        I told her we’d left word with 
                        Elizabeth--that’s the daughter’s 
                        name--and not heard back.  It could 
                        be a coincidence, but it’s starting 
                        to smell.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Like a Frenchman in a greenhouse.

           INT. MISS O’CONNOR’S LIVING ROOM - LATE MORNING

           The living room has dark mustard walls and a curtained window 
           that admits a view of the East River.  
           The woman from the portraits, MISS O’CONNOR, slightly heavier 
           and with short hair, adjusts her violet sarong, opens the 
           front door and admits the detectives.  She is composed, 
           albeit removed.

                                 WINTER
                        I’m Detective Garret Winter and 
                        this is Detective Benjamin 
                        Williams.  We’d like to extend our 
                        condolences to you.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        We’re very sorry about what 
                        happened.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Okay.  I don’t know why you would 
                        want to talk to me, but I suppose 
                        that you have your procedures.

           The detectives enter.  Miss O’Connor shuts the door, CLICK, 
           and leads the men across lacquered wood, toward opposing 
           plush sofas that are separated by a marble table.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR (CONT'D)
                        I had Juanita remove the rugs 
                        before you arrived-- I didn’t want 
                        to make you take off your shoes.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Thank you ma’am.

                                 WINTER
                        We won’t be very long-- we just 
                        have a few questions about your 
                        late husband.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                            (she points)
                        You can sit there.

           The detectives sit on the indicated sofa and Miss O’Connor 
           puts herself opposite them.  Benjamin withdraws a note pad.

                                 WINTER
                        When was the last time that you 
                        spoke to your ex-husband?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        About a year ago.  Or a little 
                        longer, maybe.  And that was only 
                        about some bonds that were due.

                                 WINTER
                        Are you surprised that he decided 
                        to take his own life?
                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        I haven’t understood anything about 
                        that man for a very long time.

                                 WINTER
                        Was there a point--back when you 
                        were still married--when he 
                        exhibited a noticeable change in 
                        behavior?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        That whole last year we were 
                        together he was strange.

                                 WINTER
                        Did his change in behavior coincide 
                        with the death of his niece?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        What does Jennifer have to do with 
                        anything?  She was my niece--my 
                        sister’s daughter--and he only met 
                        her two or three times.  They 
                        weren’t close.

                                 WINTER
                        But after her death, his behavior 
                        changed?  It was around that time?

           The woman ponders the question for a moment.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        I suppose it was around that time.

                                 WINTER
                        How was Mr. O’Connor different?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Moody.  And...and unsociable.  And 
                        he stopped seeing Dr. Howards.

                                 WINTER
                        Was that his psychiatrist?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Yes.

           Benjamin draws a line through the word ‘Psychiatrist.’

                                 WINTER
                        Did he ever exhibit any signs of 
                        paranoia or guilt?
                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Guilt?  For what?  For my niece?  
                        We were in Ireland when she was 
                        murdered.

           Winter and Benjamin freeze upon hearing the word “murdered.” 

                                 WINTER
                        What was her name-- your niece?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Jennifer Tappert.

           Upon the note pad, Benjamin writes, ‘Jennifer Tappert.’  Miss 
           O’Connor grows anxious.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR (CONT'D)
                        I don’t know what this had to do 
                        with anything.

                                 WINTER
                        Perhaps nothing.  We don’t know 
                        much about your husband and are 
                        simply trying to understand why he 
                        chose to commit suicide.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        This is all standard procedure.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        Okay.

                                 WINTER
                        Was there a particular incident 
                        that precipitated your separation?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        He was taking money.

           Benjamin CLEARS his throat; Winter leans forward in his seat.

                                 WINTER
                        From whom?

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        From us-- from our account.  He was 
                        withdrawing large amounts of money--
                        cash--and putting it somewhere.  
                        When I found out--it’s hard to keep 
                        secrets from me--I told him to tell 
                        me what he was doing with all that 
                        money, but he wouldn’t say.  Even 
                        when I gave him the ultimatum, he 
                        wouldn’t say.

           An unexpected sadness burgeons within the woman.
                                 MISS O’CONNOR (CONT'D)
                        I thought he had a mistress or- or 
                        something and I couldn’t...I felt I 
                        didn’t know him anymore.

           Miss O’Connor folds her hands together and stares at her 
           rugose digits.

                                 WINTER
                        You are not in any way responsible 
                        for what happened.  It sounds as if 
                        he had become mentally unstable and 
                        pushed away all of his support 
                        systems-- you, your daughter, his 
                        doctor.

           Miss O’Connor nods.

                                 MISS O’CONNOR
                        It’s true, what you’re saying.  I 
                        know.  But there were a lot of good 
                        years before the bad ones.

           The remark impacts Winter on a personal level, and he nods.

           INT. WINTER’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter drives his compact blue hybrid onto the street; 
           Benjamin has his cellphone pressed to his ear.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (into the phone)
                        Talk to his accountant, broker--all 
                        his money people--and find out if 
                        there was anything wrong with his 
                        finances.
                            (he listens)
                        And bring up a file on his niece-

                                 WINTER
                        Jennifer Tappert.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Jennifer Tappert.  Should be a 
                        murder file.
                            (he listens)
                        Thanks.  We’ll be in after lunch to 
                        go over everything.  Bye.
                            (he folds his phone and 
                             sets it on the dashboard)
                        O’Connor was schizophrenic?  Or 
                        paranoid?
                                 WINTER
                        Maybe both, maybe neither.  But he 
                        functioned on his own for an amount 
                        of time that suggests some 
                        competency.  I think something real 
                        was happening.  Banana bread?

           Benjamin opens the plastic container and withdraws a segment 
           of the loaf.  He sets the speckled piece upon a napkin and 
           hands it over to Winter.  The blonde man guides the car onto 
           Madison Avenue, takes a bite and chews.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Christ this is good.
                            (chewing)
                        Blackmail.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That’s a bit formal.  Call me 
                        Benjamin.

                                 WINTER
                        Huh?
                            (he chews and considers)
                        Oh.  “Black male.”

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That follows-- some type of 
                        extortion.  Even more so if there’s 
                        a recent problem with his finances 
                        and he wasn’t able to access what 
                        funds he needed.  You think this is 
                        connected to the murdered niece?

                                 WINTER
                        Not sure-
                            (he chews)
                        Let’s see what her corpse looked 
                        like.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Maybe don’t say that with a mouth 
                        full of banana bread.

           Winter nods, swallows and bites off another mouthful.  A 
           large white truck rolls up alongside the hybrid, RUMBLING and 
           belching dark smoke.

                                 WINTER
                        I’d swear that your wife is sending 
                        me a love letter through this thing-
                            (he swallows)
                        Speaking of which...
           Winter reaches into his pocket, withdraws the note that was 
           left for him last evening, hands it over to Benjamin and 
           bites off another hunk of banana bread.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        This from Evelyn?

                                 WINTER
                        Yup.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You want me to read it?

                                 WINTER
                        Aloud.
                            (he chews)
                        Curious what it says.

           Benjamin opens the letter and examines it.  Winter tries to 
           pass the spewing white truck, but is blocked by a yellow 
           smear that is an aggressive taxi van.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You want me to do a voice when I 
                        read it?

                                 WINTER
                        What’re my options?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Ghetto girl.  Vietnamese hooker.  
                        Country girl who keeps failing 
                        kindergarten and is taller than her 
                        peers.

                                 WINTER
                        No thanks.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (reading)
                        “Garret,
                            I will collect the rest of my 
                        things tomorrow, when you’re away 
                        at work.  I’m sorry about what I 
                        said when you came back.  I didn’t 
                        know what to say and was trying to 
                        justify what I did and relieve my 
                        guilt.”
                            (he looks up)
                        Seems like she’s doing that right 
                        now-- in the letter.

           The white truck jockeys in front of Winter’s blue hybrid and 
           belches grimy exhaust at his windshield.  The blonde man 
           shuts the air conditioning vents, CLACK, CLACK.
                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                            (reading)
                        “I’m very sorry about what I did to 
                        you-- it was selfish and wrong.  
                        Hopefully you’ll be able to move on 
                        from this bad experience and find 
                        true happiness.
                                        Sincerely, Evelyn.”

           Benjamin CRUMPLES up the paper and tosses it into the back.

                                 WINTER
                        “Hopefully.”  I hate when that word 
                        is used like that.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        What’s wrong with it?

                                 WINTER
                        Hopefully is an adverb, it means to 
                        do something in a hopeful manner.  
                        “Benjamin Williams hopefully 
                        scratched his lottery ticket.”  But 
                        the way she used it, was instead of 
                        “I hope.”

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That’s how most people use it now.  
                        I use it like that-- language isn’t 
                        a fixed thing.

           Winter guides his hybrid into another lane and escapes the 
           rolling, RUMBLING, spewing white wall.

                                 WINTER
                        Sure, but this is different.  
                        Language usually changes by 
                        becoming less elaborate, quicker, 
                        but in this case, people say 
                        “hopefully,” which is three 
                        syllables and wrong, instead of 
                        saying, “I hope,” which is only two 
                        syllables and correct.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Do we need to ration syllables?  Is 
                        there a crisis?

                                 WINTER
                        No.  I just think it’s meaningful-- 
                        and sad--that people in this 
                        country are uncomfortable with 
                        saying the phrase, “I hope.”

           The white truck RUMBLES in front of Winter’s hybrid car and 
           spews dark smoke.
           EXT. EASTERN PERIMETER OF CENTRAL PARK - AFTERNOON

           NEW YORKERS, wearing suits or exercise clothing, stroll or 
           scurry or bike along the tangled paths that weave through the 
           green slab of nature that has been imprisoned within the 
           middle of Manhattan and named Central Park.

           BALBIR, an Indian-American man with neatly-parted hair, a 
           round face and an olive suit, walks along the pavement, his 
           eyes glazed, his gaze desultory, a black leather briefcase in 
           his right hand.  After letting an aggressive bicyclist WHISH 
           in front of him, he walks onto a dirt path.

           EXT. CENTRAL PARK / BESIDE A FOOTBRIDGE - MOMENTS LATER 

           Balbir emerges from the underpass of a footbridge and enters 
           a flat, isolated area where stands one stone bench.  He sits.  
           He opens his briefcase.  He looks at a white envelope, one 
           side of which has been torn open.  For a moment, Balbir 
           surveys the surrounding woods.

           The man RIPS opens the envelope and from it withdraws a 
           typewritten note.

           “Examine the enclosed pictures.  They are of Thomas Anders, 
           the teenage boy who lives next door to you.”

           After surveying his surroundings once more, Balbir withdraws 
           three Polaroid pictures from the envelope.  The first image 
           is of the Teen, nude and covered with dog food; the second 
           image is of the Teen’s shrieking face; the third image is of 
           the Teen’s iridescent entrails, which have been unearthed by 
           the gory mouths of frenzied Rottweilers.

           Balbir convulses, turns his head and vomits ochre soup onto 
           the grass.  He wipes the detritus from his lips and nostrils, 
           sets the Polaroid images down and raises the note.

           “If you disregard our demands, one of your children will be 
           stripped, handcuffed and thrown to the dogs.  If you tell 
           anybody about this note, you are endangering that person’s 
           life.  If you contact the police, we will find out and 
           execute your entire family.”

           Balbir, shaking, wipes tears from his eyes.  He looks down.

           “Destroy this letter and these images.  We will contact you 
           with our demands in the near future.”

           Balbir’s eyes return to the hideous pictures.  The eyes of 
           the Teen are wide with terror as a Rottweiler rends his neck.
           Something CRACKS in the woods nearby.  Balbir’s stomach 
           twists; he hastily secrets the letter, pictures and envelope 
           inside his briefcase.

           Two Asian COLLEGE GIRLS walk into the area, holding hands.  
           The Indian-American watches them pass by.  Excepting the 
           tears which track down his cheeks, Balbir is utterly still.

           INT. JEREMY’S JEWISH DELICATESSEN - ONE O’CLOCK

           Evelyn, wearing a black suit and carrying a briefcase, walks 
           through the delicatessen’s front door, which is being held 
           open for her by SHELLEY GOLDSTEIN, a tall man with black 
           hair, a neat beard and strong features oddly contrasted by 
           his feminine eyelashes and full lips.  He gestures at the 
           interior with a large hand and bows his head deferentially.

                                 EVELYN
                        You don’t need to make such a show 
                        of it.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        I’m happy.

           Goldstein releases the door and sets an olive tweed arm upon 
           Evelyn’s shoulders.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (CONT'D)
                        And this isn’t a show-- this is me.  
                        Before--when we were out together 
                        in public and I treated you like a 
                        buddy--that was the show.

                                 EVELYN
                        Technically, I’m still married t-

           Goldstein KISSES Evelyn upon the lips.  Her cheeks redden and 
           she turns her face away from the tall man.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        You told him.  You have your yoga 
                        mat and underwear in my apartment. 
                        You’re single.  The rest is 
                        clerical.

           A small and rugose OLD WAITRESS who wears no small amount of 
           bright makeup sees Goldstein and waddles toward him, glancing 
           obliquely at Evelyn.

                                 OLD WAITRESS
                            (to Goldstein)
                        So this is the one.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Let me know if you approve.
                                 EVELYN
                        You must be Sylvia.

                                 OLD WAITRESS
                        I am.  Mr. Goldstein’s a good man, 
                        so you’d better treat him right.

                                 EVELYN
                        I don’t know that I can possibly 
                        compete with you.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                            (to the Old Waitress)
                        How many knishes?

           Sylvia slides her bifocal glasses up her nose and orbits 
           Evelyn, surveying the younger woman’s physique with narrowed 
           eyes.  After a momentary pause, the Old Waitress proclaims-

                                 OLD WAITRESS
                        Eight-and-a-half knishes.

                                 EVELYN
                        Was I just rated?

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Quite highly.

           INT. JEREMY’S JEWISH DELICATESSEN - MOMENTS LATER

           Evelyn and Goldstein sit in an orange vinyl booth.  The Old 
           Waitress unleashes two enormous menus, SNAP-SNAP!

                                 OLD WAITRESS
                        I’ll bring pickles.
                            (to Goldstein)
                        Extra half-sours, I know.

           The little woman pivots, and on black sneakers, departs.

                                 EVELYN
                        She’s adorable.  I bet she makes it 
                        to one hundred.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        That’s what my grandmother Frances 
                        was like-- a little Jewish walnut.
                            (he watches the woman 
                             depart and nods)
                        She’s half the reason I come here.
                            (he TAPS the menus)
                        This is the other.

           Goldstein gives one of the enormous menus to Evelyn; when she 
           opens it, half of the table disappears.
                                 EVELYN
                        There’re three thousand things on 
                        this.

           Evelyn reads the options--derma, lox, whitefish, smoked 
           sable, corned beef, pastrami, chicken in a pot, chopped 
           liver, etc.--but soon becomes distracted.  For an overlong 
           moment, she stares at the menu, preoccupied and distant.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Do you want to talk about it?

                                 EVELYN
                        The menu?  It would take-

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Not the menu.

           Evelyn nods her head and closes the menu.

                                 EVELYN
                        It was fine.  I felt terrible of 
                        course, but I told him everything-- 
                        even about the baby, though I 
                        didn’t plan on mentioning that.  He 
                        just sort of took it in-- witnessed 
                        the end of our marriage.  In the 
                        third person.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Maybe he’s relieved?

                                 EVELYN
                        He’s detached.  And I’m worried 
                        that it’s just going to get worse 
                        and worse for him.  He’s spent a 
                        lot of years looking at corpses, a 
                        lot of time contemplating death-- 
                        the actual agony of dying.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        That’s his job.

                                 EVELYN
                        But somewhere it became his entire 
                        life.  When we were at grad school, 
                        he wanted kids and I didn’t, but by 
                        the time we got to the right age, 
                        he had no interest in children 
                        anymore.  He said, “It’s better to 
                        clean up the mess that’s already 
                        here rather than make it bigger.”

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        An optimist.
           Evelyn smirks; Goldstein takes her hand.  The Old Waitress 
           reappears and slides a metal bucket of bright green pickles 
           onto the table and two cans of black cherry soda.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (CONT'D)
                        Give us a couple of minutes Sylvia.

                                 OLD WAITRESS
                        In one hundred and twenty seconds, 
                        I shall return.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Thanks.

           The Old Waitress departs.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (CONT'D)
                        You don’t think he’ll remarry?

                                 EVELYN
                        I don’t think he views people that 
                        way anymore.  I remember going to a 
                        party with him, and he pointed out 
                        three people who looked like 
                        corpses he’d seen at murder scenes.  
                        And when he spoke to one of them--
                        an African-American woman at my old 
                        firm--I could tell he was 
                        distracted the entire time, 
                        thinking about the dead woman she 
                        resembled.

           Goldstein grimaces.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Let me tell you why you should get 
                        the pastrami.

           INT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 / WINTER’S OFFICE - TWO O’CLOCK

           R.W., an obese bald man who wears brown corduroy pants and a 
           mint green sweater-vest, enters the office.  Winter and 
           Benjamin, seated at the desk, look up.  In the clerk’s hands 
           are a black folder and a legal note pad.

                                 R.W.
                        I smell her banana bread.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I really don’t like how that 
                        sounds.

           Benjamin points to the top of the file cabinet, the near side 
           of which is covered by a map of Manhattan.  R.W. drops the 
           folder onto Winter’s desk, SMACK, and walks to the cabinet.
                                 R.W.
                        O’Connor’s portfolio bottomed out 
                        in the second quarter, so he 
                        invested the remainder into a high 
                        yield mutual fund.

           R.W. peels back the lid of the plastic container; half of the 
           loaf remains.

                                 WINTER
                        Let me guess: It didn’t yield high.

                                 R.W.
                        It didn’t.  
                            (he examines the loaf)
                        She ever put that white frosting on 
                        it?  Like you get with carrot cake?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That cream cheese shit?  Never.

                                 R.W.
                        It was just a suggestion.

           R.W. withdraws a piece from the container, raises it to his 
           mouth and faces the detectives.

                                 WINTER
                        There are napkins up there.

                                 R.W.
                        No thanks.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        So O’Connor was broke?

                                 R.W.
                        He had assets, some land and that 
                        apartment-

                                 BENJAMIN
                        But he had no cash, nothing liquid?

                                 R.W.
                        Nope.

           The clerk chews.  The detectives look at each other.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Not easy to pay an extortionist 
                        with a plot of land or a credit 
                        card.

                                 R.W.
                        He was being blackmailed?
                                 WINTER
                        Maybe.

           Winter reaches for the black folder and opens it.  The face 
           of a fourteen-year-old girl stares up from a glossy color 
           photograph; her eyes are empty black sockets from which gore 
           drips; her elongate neck is dark purple, flecked with red and 
           black abrasions.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        This is the niece?

                                 R.W.
                        Close that while I’m eating.

           Benjamin glances at the photo, grimaces and looks away.  
           Winter shuts the folder and rises from his seat.

                                 WINTER
                            (to Benjamin)
                        We should get over there.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        O’Connor’s?

           Pulling on his gray jacket, Winter nods.  He looks at R.W.

                                 WINTER
                        Get O’Connor’s phone sheets for the 
                        last six months and have Sheryl 
                        sift them.  Anonymous, unlisted, 
                        off-hours, etcetera.

                                 R.W.
                        Sheryl’s underneath a mountain.  
                        You want this to be a priority?

                                 WINTER
                        It is a priority.

                                 R.W.
                        I’ll need this.

           R.W. takes the container that has the remainder of the banana 
           bread, nestles it under his arm like a football and departs.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I didn’t have any of that.

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / LOBBY - FOUR THIRTY

           Winter and Benjamin approach the building.  Hugo the Doorman 
           smiles, rises from his seat and pulls wide the heavy door.
                                 DOORMAN
                        Good afternoon Detectives.

                                 WINTER
                        Good afternoon.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Hugo.  Estas bueno?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Bueno, si.  You are here to see 
                        your friends?

           Winter and Benjamin pause, exchange a glance and look at the 
           Doorman.  Hugo sees their confusion and elaborates-

                                 DOORMAN (CONT'D)
                        The other police detectives.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Did these detectives show you 
                        identification?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Yes, just like yours.  I take them 
                        up and let them inside.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        They’re still up there now?

                                 DOORMAN
                        Yes.

                                 WINTER
                        If they happen to come down before 
                        us, let them know that Detectives 
                        Winter and Williams of Precinct 19 
                        want to speak to them.

                                 DOORMAN 
                        Did I doing something wrong?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        No.  We just don’t want to miss 
                        them.

                                 WINTER
                        Do you have the spare key for the 
                        penthouse?

                                 DOORMAN
                        The other detectives have it.

                                 WINTER
                        Okay.  Thanks.
           The detectives hasten to the private elevator, their eyes 
           locked on the closed sliding door.

           Winter presses the call button and surreptitiously places his 
           left hand underneath his jacket.  Benjamin takes a step to 
           the side of the elevator door and SNAPS open the leather 
           buckle that fastens his semi-automatic pistol.

           A bell BINGS.  The poised detectives wait with watchful eyes.

           The sliding door opens...and reveals an empty elevator.

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / ELEVATOR - SAME

           Winter and Benjamin enter the elevator.  The blonde man 
           presses the ‘PH’ button, and the door slides shut.  Upon the 
           panel, a light flashes behind the numbers 2, 3, 4...

                                 WINTER
                        Lucas and Briggs or Danford and 
                        Friedman?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Briggs is on vacation and Danford 
                        and Friedman are in court wrapping 
                        up the Alvarez case.  Could be 
                        Lucas, but she would’ve told us.  
                        It’s not a gumshoe from Precinct 
                        Nineteen.

           Upon the panel, the numbers 12, 13, 14 shine; the men, hands 
           upon their weapons, ruminate.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        They’re from another Precinct or 
                        private dicks...or something else.

           The numbers 19, 20 and 21 shine, followed by the ‘PH’ button.  
           A bell BINGS.  The door slides open.  Hands on their weapons, 
           the detectives exit.

           INT. ZENITH TOWER / HALLWAY ON PENTHOUSE FLOOR - SAME

           The floor and walls of the hallway are of white marble, 
           illuminated by dim track lighting.  Across the cool surface 
           stride Winter and Benjamin.

           The two men reach the oaken front door.  Benjamin steps to 
           the left, into a small Japanese rock garden.  Beneath his 
           shoes, stones CRACKLE.

           Winter withdraws his revolver from his shoulder holster, 
           reaches his free right hand to the doorknob, grabs it and 
           twists.  The door is locked.
           Winter glances at his partner and receives a nod of assent.  
           The blonde man presses the doorbell; glassine chimes RING 
           within the penthouse.

           The detectives listen.  In the hallway sits a heavy silence.

           Winter presses the doorbell again; the glassine chimes RING.

           Silence follows.  The detectives exchange a nod.

           Winter withdraws his brass star from underneath his shirt and 
           lets it hang by its chain like a pendant.  Presently, he 
           clenches his right fist and KNOCKS.

                                 WINTER
                        This is the police!  Open this door 
                        right now!

           FOOTSTEPS resound inside the penthouse; a distant door SLAMS.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                            (whispered to Benjamin)
                        Two gaits.  One’s heavy.

           The FOOTSTEPS grow louder and suddenly stop.  A ponderous 
           silence expands.

           Winter takes a step to the right; Benjamin trains the muzzle 
           of his weapon upon the door.  With a clenched fist, the 
           blonde man POUNDS, POUNDS, POUNDS the oak.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Open this door right now or we’ll 
                        force it open!

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        Don’t ulcerate.  It’s gumshoes in 
                        here-- Lawrence and Menendez from 
                        Precinct Twenty-Four.

           Winter and Benjamin relax.  The bolt lock CLICKS and CLACKS.

                                 WINTER
                            (whispered to Benjamin)
                        Play it tight.

           The door slides open to reveal MENENDEZ, a heavyset forty-six 
           year old Mexican-American with a thin mustache and sad eyes.  
           His substantial physique--which is equal parts muscle and 
           flab--is covered by a dark burgundy suit.  At the far end of 
           the foyer stands LAWRENCE, a pale and gaunt man with a teal 
           jacket, silver hair and weary blue eyes.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        Great.  Now we can play volleyball.
           INT. PENTHOUSE / FOYER - SAME

           Through the foyer, Winter and Benjamin follow Menendez.  
           Ahead of them, Lawrence disappears into the next room.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Think I left my charger here last 
                        night.  What brings you guys down 
                        from the Heights?

           INT. PENTHOUSE / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           Winter, Benjamin and Menendez walk into the living room.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        Anonymous tip.  Narcotics.  Sounded 
                        unlikely, but we were in the area 
                        and decided to sniff.
                            (to Lawrence)
                        We’re about done here, right?

           Lawrence nods.

                                 MENENDEZ (CONT'D)
                        Want us to help you look for your 
                        charger?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Two detectives should suffice.

           Lawrence disappears into the foyer; Menendez nods at Benjamin 
           and Winter.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        See you.

                                 WINTER
                        Can you give us the keys?

           Irritation flashes momentarily upon the Mexican-American’s 
           face.  From his pocket he fishes out a metal ring with three 
           steel keys.  He hands the CLINKING trio to Winter.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        Here you go.

                                 WINTER
                        Thanks.

           Winter secrets the keys into his pocket, where they CLINK.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        Be home by eleven or you’re 
                        grounded.
           Winter conjures an unconvincing smile.  The Mexican-American 
           looks away.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        If you get any more tips about 
                        O’Connor, pass them along to us.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        Certainly.  We were just in the 
                        area.

                                 WINTER
                        Sure.  Thanks for checking in.

           After an awkward pause, Menendez joins his partner in the 
           foyer; the two depart through the front door and close it 
           behind them, THUNK.

           Winter and Benjamin are stunned and disturbed by the 
           implications of their interaction.  For a ponderous moment, 
           they stare at the door.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck and double fuck.

           INT. WINTER’S CAR - TWILIGHT

           Winter drives the blue hybrid, his mind racing.  Benjamin is 
           on his cellphone.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        R.W.?  You still there...?  The 
                        connection’s not-
                            (he listens)
                        Don’t talk about the O’Connor case 
                        with anybody, okay?
                            (he listens)
                        If I wanted to tell you the reason, 
                        I would’ve told you the reason.
                            (he listens)
                        Thanks.  And tell Sheryl to keep it 
                        cinched.
                            (he listens)
                        Depends on who they’ve got in the 
                        bullpen-- their closers have been 
                        gift-wrapping pitches for the last 
                        ten games.
                            (he listens)
                        Bye.

           Benjamin SNAPS his phone shut and glances at Winter.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        You think R.W. or Sheryl tipped our 
                        investigation to P Twenty-Four?
                                 WINTER
                        I don’t, but those gumshoes 
                        certainly weren’t there on some 
                        “anonymous tip.”  I bet they’re 
                        connected to the blackmailers in 
                        some way.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Blackmailers?  It’s a plural?

                                 WINTER
                        I’ve ruled out singular.

           Winter guides his blue hybrid onto Seventy-Second Street; 
           twilight turns the windshield bright gold.  The detectives 
           lower their visors; black shadows cover over their faces, and 
           for a moment, they both appear to be headless.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Where do we go with this?

           Pondering the situation, Winter stares at the red and white 
           car lights, which are frozen by rush hour congestion.  His 
           ruminations are dark.  Dismayed, he rubs his face and shakes 
           his head.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        What?

           Winter looks at his partner and returns his gaze to the inert 
           cars that lie before him, stuck in traffic.

                                 WINTER 
                        We need to go off the grid.

           Benjamin is surprised by the suggestion.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That seem drastic-- especially this 
                        close to the World Series.  Maybe 
                        we should bring it to Sergeant 
                        Arthur?

                                 WINTER
                        I’m uneasy with why he was at 
                        O’Connor’s the night of.  At the 
                        time he said that he-

                                 BENJAMIN
                        “Was in the area.”
                            (he frowns)
                        I didn’t think anything of it then.  
                        You think he’s involved?
                                 WINTER
                        I’m not allowing for any 
                        coincidences right now.  We know 
                        these blackmailers have sway.

           Benjamin ponders the tableau and shakes his head, grimacing.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        “Off the grid.”

                                 WINTER
                        Officially, we let the case fizzle--
                        move on to something else--but 
                        privately we watch Menendez, maybe 
                        Lawrence, see where they lead us.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yankee stadium would be nice.

           Winter turns the hybrid south, onto Lexington Avenue; a 
           building throws a heavy shadow over the entire vehicle.  
           Benjamin surveys the street and furrows his brow.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Why’re you going this way?

                                 WINTER
                        Let’s talk to Olivetti.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Do I have to shake its hand?

                                 WINTER
                        Be nice.

           INT. CROOKED STAIRWELL - EARLY EVENING

           The door at the bottom of the stairwell BUZZES and the lock 
           CLICKS.  From the blue dusk walk Winter and Benjamin.  They 
           climb crooked steps, each of which CREAKS a different pitch.

           The detectives round the landing and ascend toward the third 
           floor, teetering occasionally upon the tilted stairs.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        It’s like a funhouse-- sans fun.

           Winter reaches the third floor landing, followed by Benjamin.

           INT. IMPASTO HALLWAY - SAME

           The green walls have been covered with so many layers of 
           paint that they resemble cake frosting.  
           Across CREAKING boards, the two detectives walk.  They stop 
           before a gray door labelled ‘A.G. Olivetti’ by a strip of 
           blue plastic.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Is that a sticker?

           Benjamin presses the doorbell, eliciting a sound akin to that 
           of an angry hornet-- BUZZZZZZZZ...

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                            (Brooklyn Accent)
                        Don’t be egregious!

           Benjamin withdraws his finger.  FOOTSTEPS sound within the 
           space beyond, and wood CREAKS.  A bolt CLACKS; a bolt SQUEAKS 
           and CLACKS; a metal gate CREAKS; a chain RATTLES; a bolt 
           CLACKS; a doorknob SQUEAKS.  The door retreats from the 
           hallway and reveals OLIVETTI, a short man with black and 
           silver hair, a big nose, large eyes and thin black eyebrows 
           that seem like the offspring of his mustache.  He wears gray 
           slacks and a blue cashmere sweater.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Detective Winter.

           Olivetti extends one of his oversized hands; Winter clasps 
           the proffered appendage and shakes it.

                                 WINTER
                        Mr. Olivetti.

           The men release each other.  Olivetti looks at Benjamin and 
           then glances back at Winter.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Is he going to behave?

           Benjamin extends his hand and Olivetti clasps it for a 
           moment.  The diminutive man steps back from his door and 
           motions for the detectives to enter.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Welcome to World War II.

           INT. OLIVETTI’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           The detectives walk into Olivetti’s living room, the walls of 
           which are covered with glass display cases that are filled 
           with painted miniature tanks and planes (Panzers, Zeros, 
           Oscars, Mustangs, Corsairs, etc.) and 1/24 scale soldiers.

                                 WINTER
                        Looks like the Germans are going to 
                        win this time.
                                 OLIVETTI
                        I’ll admit that I’ve a 
                        disproportionate amount of Panzers 
                        in my collection.  

           Olivetti shuts the door, THUNK, pulls the chain, RATTLE-
           RATTLE, twists a bolt, CLACK, closes a metal gate and bolts 
           it twice, CLACK-CLACK.  He faces the detectives.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Non-alcoholic beer?  I know you’re 
                        on duty.

           Benjamin suppresses a shudder and shakes his head.

                                 WINTER
                        No thank you.

           Olivetti walks to a small desk, sits down and points out the 
           two folding chairs on the opposite side.  The detectives walk 
           underneath the Luftwaffe, which depends from the ceiling by 
           fishing line (ready to bomb England), and seat themselves.

                                 OLIVETTI
                            (to Winter)
                        Whenever you visit, you sit on my 
                        right side and Williams sits on my 
                        left.  Like a married couple going 
                        to sleep at night, you each have 
                        your place.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I prefer holding his right hand 
                        when things get romantic.

           Olivetti’s smile disappears, and his face hardens.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Is that a gay joke?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Don’t get diagonal-- you were 
                        comparing us to a married couple.

           Olivetti’s face does not soften.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        And how would you feel if I made a 
                        remark about African Americans?

           (Winter shuts his eyes and shakes his head.)
                                 BENJAMIN
                        Actually, I feel that that term you 
                        just used--African American--is 
                        racist: It presupposes a person’s 
                        heritage based on his or her skin 
                        color.  My dad was born in England 
                        and my mother’s parents were from 
                        Barbados: I didn’t swing here from 
                        the dark continent.

                                 WINTER
                            (to Olivetti)
                        We want to hire you to observe a 
                        detective named Menendez.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        What am I looking for?

                                 WINTER
                        Illicit meetings.  Phone calls at 
                        odd hours.  A second address.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        A second car.  A P.O. box.  Junk 
                        cellphones.  An evil cape.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        It’ll help if you say what you 
                        suspect him of.  If you can’t, you 
                        can’t.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (to Winter)
                        Your call.

                                 WINTER
                        He might be connected to some very 
                        mean extortionists.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        How mean? 

                                 WINTER
                        We believe that they mutilated and 
                        killed a fourteen year-old girl 
                        simply to set the hook for their 
                        blackmail.  And that they pulled 
                        that hook until their fish shot 
                        himself in the head.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Twice.

           Olivetti leans back in his seat; he picks up a half-assembled 
           Zero (a Japanese war plane) and contemplates it for a moment.
                                 OLIVETTI
                        Do you think Menendez is behind 
                        this blackmail operation or that 
                        he’s been coerced into helping out?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Could go either way.  We don’t know 
                        him very well and can’t speak for 
                        his character.

                                 WINTER
                        We’d like for you to start tonight.

           Olivetti sets the plane down, nods his head and slides a card 
           with a phone number on it across the table.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Put all calls to me through my 
                        virtual switchboard-- it goes to an 
                        unlisted I have.

           Winter takes the card.

           EXT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 - EVENING

           Winter’s blue hybrid is double-parked alongside Benjamin’s 
           brown sedan.  Between the vehicles stand the two detectives, 
           gazing across the street at their precinct, an edifice of old 
           and worn stone.  The majority of its windows are dark.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Isabella’s making paella if you 
                        want to come over.  Chorizo and 
                        shrimp.

           Upon the third floor of the precinct, a dark window turns 
           into green fluorescent light.

                                 WINTER
                        Thanks for the invitation, but I’ve 
                        got to feed Empress.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I’m please you’ve hired an Asian 
                        hooker, but the best ones can feed 
                        themselves.

                                 WINTER
                        Empress is O’Connor’s cat.  Mine 
                        now, I suppose.  Unless his 
                        daughter turns up.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I don’t think she’s still got a 
                        pulse.
                                 WINTER
                        Neither do I.

           The handsome black man scratches his sideburns with a thumb 
           and index finger and looks at his partner.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Are you sure you want to do this?  
                        This way?
                            (quietly)
                        Off the grid--hiring a P.I.--going 
                        after police?

           Winter looks down from the facade of the building, folds his 
           hands together and nods his head.

                                 WINTER
                        I knew that she was cheating on me.

           Benjamin, surprised, turns his head and looks at his partner.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I didn’t know that the affair was 
                        ongoing, but I knew that she’d been 
                        unfaithful.

           Winter looks up from his hands and at the precinct; two 
           illuminated windows on the top floor flicker and go dark.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        There was a night about six months 
                        ago when she came home late and 
                        stirred things up-- pushed me to be 
                        aggressive with her during 
                        intercourse.  Next day, I saw some 
                        minor bruises on her wrists and 
                        thighs, but I knew I didn’t use 
                        enough force to cause them-- I’m 
                        not really into dominance games.
                            (he shakes his head)
                        I knew she’d been with somebody 
                        else.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Why didn’t you say anything to her?

                                 WINTER
                        Same reason I didn’t say anything 
                        to you-- I hoped I was wrong.  I 
                        wanted to believe I was wrong.  And 
                        as upset as I was with her, I was 
                        embarrassed-- I felt I was 
                        partially to blame for it.  I 
                        hadn’t touched her much since the 
                        Lisa Grand case.
                                 BENJAMIN
                        It’s understandable-- that woman 
                        could’ve been Evelyn’s twin sister.

                                 WINTER
                        Raped and mutilated.

           Tears sparkle in Winter’s eyes and he exhales slowly.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I couldn’t shake that image--you 
                        remember that awful scene--and I 
                        couldn’t tell Evelyn about it 
                        either.  I hoped her indiscretion 
                        was a single bad moment, but 
                        afterwards, I tuned her out even 
                        more-- I just didn’t want to know.  
                        I didn’t want my marriage to become 
                        a case-- some investigation.  I 
                        hoped it would get better, but...

           Winter shakes his head and points at the precinct.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        That’s my home.  This job--what we 
                        do--this is my life, this is what I 
                        am.  I will not look the other way 
                        while gumshoes and our Sergeant 
                        collude with some blackmail 
                        organization.  If you want, I can 
                        do this on my own and-

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck you.  That’s not how it is 
                        with us.

                                 WINTER
                        This one’s different.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That’s like saying I don’t have to 
                        be married to Isabella when a fancy 
                        escort throws her ass at me.  I am 
                        a faithful husband and I am your 
                        partner.  These are my unqualified 
                        absolutes.  Fuck you for suggesting 
                        otherwise.

           Winter looks at Benjamin, grins morosely and nods.

                                 WINTER
                        Thank you.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        And I want to get these guys, same 
                        as you do.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 BENJAMIN  (CONT'D)
                        Any organization that does 
                        something like that to a fourteen 
                        year-old girl-
                            (he shakes his head)
                        It’s terrifying to think that they 
                        exist and can sway police.

           INT. KEARNEY’S TAVERN - SAME

           Seated in the back of the dimly-lit tavern and by himself at 
           a booth for two is JOSEPH ANDERS, a fifty-year-old man with 
           blonde hair and glassy red eyes.  He stares at the 
           typewritten note that is clutched in his shaking hands.

           “Examine the enclosed pictures.  They are of Thomas Anders, 
           your nephew.  If you disregard our demands, one of your 
           children will be stripped, handcuffed and thrown to the dogs.

           If you tell anybody about this note, you are endangering that 
           person’s life.  If you contact the police, we will find out 
           and execute your entire family.”

           Trembling and ill, Joseph Anders secrets the letter inside an 
           envelope that contains Polaroid pictures depicting his 
           nephew’s evisceration and dismemberment by frenzied, starving 
           Rottweilers.  The hooked man GULPS a glass of Scotch.

           INT. BENJAMIN AND ISABELLA’S APARTMENT / BEDROOM - NIGHT

           Candlelight shines upon the burgundy walls, the rose curtains 
           and the nude occupants of the bed, Isabella and Benjamin, who 
           lie atop a maroon blanket, intertwined.

                                 ISABELLA
                        You were distracted.

           Isabella’s fingertips play across her husband’s chest.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I took you to the crystal castle.  
                        Twice, I believe.

           Isabella ruminates and looks into her husband’s eyes.

                                 ISABELLA
                        I have seen you bolt the front door 
                        and pull the chain and lock the 
                        windows and check on Sofia four 
                        times.  You will talk about it now.

           Benjamin nods, acquiescing.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I want you to take Sofia to school 
                        tomorrow and pick her up.  
                                 (MORE)
                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        And I want you both to have some 
                        luggage packed-- in case you need 
                        to go somewhere.

           Isabella appraises Benjamin’s face for a serious moment.

                                 ISABELLA
                        You would like for me to call you 
                        every two hours?  Like when 
                        Bornelli was on trial?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I would.  And set the DVR thing to 
                        record the game-- last time I 
                        tried, I spent twenty minutes and 
                        recorded some show about wombats.

                                 ISABELLA 
                        Is it very likely?  That Sofia and 
                        I will need to hide?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        No, but I’d like for you to be 
                        prepared-- I don’t know where this 
                        investigation’s going.  Sorry.

           Assailed by guilt, Benjamin looks away from Isabella and at 
           the burning candles.  The petite woman puts her hands on his 
           square chin and reclaims his attention.

                                 ISABELLA
                        This is the price.  To be married 
                        to a wonderful man who makes the 
                        city safe.  It does not happen very 
                        often, and I accept this.

           Benjamin looks into Isabella’s eyes.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I love you.

           Isabella places Benjamin’s right hand upon her left breast 
           and wraps her legs around him.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Show me.
                            (she smiles)
                        Slow.

           INT. HAPPY PANDA CHINESE FOOD - SAME

           Winter walks into the take-out restaurant where he formerly 
           returned the ripped-up menus.  The Chinese Man at the counter 
           eyes him warily.
                                 CHINESE MAN
                        I told delivery boy not to put the 
                        menu in two four five.

                                 WINTER
                        Thanks.  I’d like the number thirty-
                        seven-- it’s great here.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           Winter, carrying a bag decorated with a green panda and a 
           Chinese ideogram, enters the dark apartment, reaches for the 
           light switch and CLICKS it up.  Light burgeons.  

           From the study strides Empress, MEWLING piteously.  Winter 
           shuts the front door, SNIFFS the air and grimaces.

                                 WINTER 
                        So you’re not one of those 
                        prodigies that can use a human 
                        toilet?

           Empress glares at Winter and the man grows defensive.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        There’s a website.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / STUDY - MOMENTS LATER

           Sitting at his work desk, Winter listens to the phone that is 
           pressed to his left ear.  He opens a plump takeout container 
           and reveals perspiring brown rice.

                                 WINTER
                        He’s home?
                            (he listens)
                        Good.  Most likely he’s not going 
                        to make contact with his associates 
                        until his family’s asleep, but keep 
                        on him.
                            (he listens)
                        Don’t get diagonal-- I know that 
                        you know what you’re doing.

           Winter opens another takeout container: It is filled with 
           rice and torn up menus.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Dammit.
                            (he listens)
                        No, nothing.  Call if there’s an 
                        event-- my phone’ll be on.  I’ve 
                        gotta go get dinner again.
           INT. OLIVETTI’S BLACK VOLKSWAGON - LATER

           Olivetti, wearing an earplug in his left ear and his charcoal 
           outfit, sits in the front seat of a black Volkswagon, which 
           is parked upon a residential Harlem block.  Across the 
           dashboard lies an umbrella within which is nestled a 
           hyperfocal cardioid microphone that points through the half-
           open window to the three-story brownstone on the other side 
           of the street.

           The little private investigator raises his matte-black 
           binoculars to his bulbous eyes and glances at an illuminated 
           window on the second floor of the building.  He sees a 
           smiling MEXICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN walk past the kitchen window.  
           A hand lands upon her buttocks, followed by an arm and the 
           heavyset Mexican-American to whom they are attached-- 
           Detective Menendez, clothed in a sleeveless t-shirt and boxer 
           shorts covered with cupids.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        This isn’t a good look for you.

           The light within goes dark.  Olivetti pans his binoculars and 
           observes the adjacent window.  The room brightens, but 
           becomes a dim watercolor when the woman draws a diaphanous 
           curtain across the pane.  Olivetti sucks his teeth.

           The private investigator lowers his binoculars and glances at 
           the clock; it is 12:16.  From the seat next to him he claims 
           a magazine entitled, ‘World War II...Today!’  He flips to a 
           dog-eared article, ‘Il Duce Deluxe Model Kit.  A 1/8 Scale 
           Figure with 28 Points of Articulation.’  Upon the right side 
           of the page is a picture of a Benito Mussolini action figure.  
           In one of the images, the Italian dictator is break-dancing.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Il Duce’s got moves.

           INT. OLIVETTI’S BLACK VOLKSWAGON - LATER

           A light shines upon the second floor.  In an instant, 
           Olivetti has his black binoculars pointed across the way.  
           Menendez’s YAWNING head fills a small open window that is 
           between the bedroom and den.  Presently, he shimmies and 
           reaches down.  The muted sound of a toilet FLUSHING is 
           audible through Olivetti’s earpiece.

           The bathroom window goes dark.  Olivetti surveys the facade 
           of the brownstone.  He glances at his clock; it is 3:23.
           INT. OLIVETTI’S BLACK VOLKSWAGON - LATER

           Olivetti SNAPS the cap onto a container into which he has 
           just urinated and sets the receptacle on the floor of the 
           back seat.  He plucks a sanitary wipe from the door and 
           cleans his hands.

           Across the street, the front door opens.  Menendez, wearing a 
           gray jogging outfit with a stained left sleeve and a torn 
           collar, emerges and descends the front steps.  Olivetti 
           glances at the clock; it is 4:42.  The Latin detective hits 
           the pavement and jogs west.  Olivetti watches.

           Menendez reaches the end of the street and hastens north.  
           Olivetti twists his ignition, shifts into drive, CLICK-CLICK, 
           and rolls onto the street in the opposite direction.

           With calm and precise movements, Olivetti guides his car onto 
           the adjacent avenue and up the street that runs parallel to 
           the one on which Menendez lives.  Parked cars, unlighted 
           buildings and leafless trees glide past.

           Olivetti reaches the intersection, brakes and surveys Lenox 
           Avenue.  On the opposite side of the road and three blocks to 
           the north stands Menendez with his right hand in the air.  A 
           yellow cab pulls to the curb beside him and he climbs inside.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Not gonna get in shape like that.

           Olivetti follows the cab.  He plucks out his cardioid 
           earplug, inserts a hands-free device and punches two numbers 
           on the phone that is mounted on his dashboard.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Connect to line six.
                            (he listens)
                        Winter.  The subject came out of 
                        his apartment in jogging attire, 
                        ran three blocks and got in a cab.
                            (he listens)
                        Yes, yes, I’m following-- don’t be 
                        pedantic.  I’ll call when I’m 
                        somewhere.

           Olivetti CLICKS off his phone, his large eyes focused on the 
           rear of the cab that is ten car-lengths in front of him.

           EXT. BROADWAY IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - JUST BEFORE DAWN

           The city is azure, but flecked with lights from last night.  
           Olivetti watches the cab stop beside a boarded-up building 
           that has the phrase ‘Da Peeplez will Rize’ written upon it.
           The private investigator parks his Volkswagon near an Off 
           Track Betting facility, raises his binoculars and observes.  
           Across the avenue, Menendez walks onto a desolate and 
           unlighted block that slopes downhill.  The quarry drops from 
           Olivetti’s line of sight.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Sheiza.

           Olivetti shifts his car into drive, CLICK-CLICK, steps on the 
           gas, sweeps his car around a median of bleak plant-life and 
           cigarette butts and shoots down a parallel street.

           Vacant lots and crumbling tenement buildings blur past on 
           either side of the car.  The perpendicular avenue ahead 
           expands; Olivetti slows, turns a corner and parks his 
           vehicle.  The private investigator looks up from the bottom 
           of the hill and sees his descending quarry.

           Menendez surveys the area and walks off of the street, toward 
           a decaying three-story brownstone that has boarded-up windows 
           and an exposed upper floor from which pipes jut like bones.  
           The man climbs five steps, inserts a key into a lock and 
           enters the abandoned building.

           Olivetti raises his binoculars and examines the blank facade 
           of the decaying brownstone.  He dials a connection.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Connect to line six.
                            (he listens)
                        Guten morgen.  The subject entered 
                        an unnumbered three-story 
                        brownstone on one-six-one street.
                            (he listens)
                        Right, right.  West of Broadway. 
                        South side.

           Olivetti pans his binoculars to the north side of the street 
           and sees a tall gray building with gates on every window and 
           a ruined playground.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        It’s across the street from a gray 
                        building.  Twelve stories.  
                        Abandoned project.  The-

           Something glints within a top window of the gray building.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        Wait a second.  I’ll call you back.

           Olivetti CLICKS off his phone and focuses his binoculars on 
           the twelve-story project building.  His view suddenly goes 
           black; he lowers his binoculars.
           Standing directly outside of the car is a SILHOUETTED MAN, 
           pointing a gun at Olivetti’s head.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, wearing boxer shorts and a King Crimson t-shirt, 
           GRINDS coffee beans.  His cellphone lies beside a window that 
           is foggy with dark blue early dawn.

           He dumps the coffee grounds into his steaming French press, 
           secures the lid, CLICK, and eyes the silent cellphone.  The 
           detective is anxious.

                                 WINTER
                        Call back.

           Winter grabs his home phone from the wall and begins to dial.

           INT. BENJAMIN AND ISABELLA’S APARTMENT / BEDROOM - SAME

           Benjamin sleeps alongside Isabella, his arms wrapped around 
           her back, her head nestled underneath his chin.  A cellphone 
           BUZZES.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck.

           The device BUZZES again.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Double fuck.

           Benjamin sits up, grabs his cellphone, flips it open and 
           SLAPS it to his ear.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - DAWN

           Benjamin, wearing jeans and a loose olive sweatshirt, YAWNS 
           enormously and rubs his red eyes as he drives toward the 
           lower east side apartment building, where stands Winter, 
           clothed in black jeans and a gray long-sleeve t-shirt, 
           holding two travel mugs.  The black man stops the car, leans 
           over and opens the door for his partner.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        None of that fake sugar shit in 
                        there?

                                 WINTER
                        It’s authentic.

           Winter sits down, hands Benjamin one of the two travel mugs 
           and shuts the door, THUNK.
                                 BENJAMIN
                        Olivetti hasn’t been in touch?

                                 WINTER
                        No.  And when I called, I got 
                        voicemail.  It could be a dead 
                        phone battery or a problem with the 
                        virtual switchboard, but-

                                 BENJAMIN
                        He doesn’t make mistakes like that.

           With one hand, Benjamin guides the vehicle onto the street.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        I’m still hoping this’s a dream.  I 
                        didn’t even get four hours of sleep 
                        last night-
                            (he YAWNS enormously)
                        You know how Isabella gets whenever 
                        I’m imperiled.

                                 WINTER
                        Playful.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        With a capital F.

           Winter sips his coffee, closes the latch, CLICK, and sets his 
           travel mug into a cup holder.  He pulls off his loose long 
           sleeve t-shirt, sets it in his lap and turns to face the 
           backseat.  Lying upon the leather upholstery is a white 
           bullet-resistant vest.

                                 WINTER 
                        Yours is on?

           Benjamin KNOCKS upon his chest and guides the brown sedan 
           onto a wide avenue that is empty, excepting sporadic freight 
           trucks and taxi cabs.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Washington Heights?

                                 WINTER
                        Unless we hear from him.

           Winter dons the white vest and cinches its straps tight.

           INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM - SAME

           Water DRIPS.  Olivetti awakens, seated in an iron chair, arms 
           handcuffed behind his back, and surveys his prison.  
           Flickering florescent light shines upon the turquoise tiles 
           that cover the walls, floor and ceiling; 
           beside a steel door hangs a coiled black hose that DRIPS.  
           Underneath his fettered bare feet is a large rusty drain.  
           Fear seizes the private investigator, but he suppresses it.

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        The faggot’s awake.

           Metal CLANKS.  The florescent light flickers and dies.  
           Darkness swallows the room.  Hinges GROAN.  The sound of 
           Olivetti’s tense WHEEZING resounds throughout the enclosure.

           The florescent light burgeons, pushing back the darkness.  A 
           fifty-year-old JAPANESE MAN WITH WHITE HAIR stands opposite 
           Olivetti.  Atop the Asian man’s black pants and shirt is a 
           dark green rubber apron.

           Olivetti manages an unconvincing smile.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Konichiwa.

           From underneath the rubber apron, the Japanese Man withdraws 
           an empty syringe.  Olivetti stops breathing.  The tacit 
           captor passes by his captive and continues toward the far 
           side of the room.  Olivetti attempts to turn around and 
           observe the man, but the legs of the iron chair are bolted to 
           the ground and do not yield.

           The private investigator turns his gaze forward and looks at 
           the open door, beyond which lies pure darkness.  In an 
           adjacent room, something SQUEAKS rhythmically.

           Olivetti stares into the darkness, fists clenched, gritting 
           his teeth.  SQUEAKS follow SQUEAKS in steady oscillations.  A 
           pungent odor causes the private investigator to wrinkle his 
           nose and COUGH out foul air.

           Light strikes a wheelchair and the misshapen person who is 
           seated within it.  Olivetti pales and averts his gaze.

           Wheels SQUEAK.  Olivetti stares at the ground, his body 
           shaking as if thrust naked into a blizzard.  A shadow covers 
           the rusty drain and his feet.  For a moment, the room is 
           silent, excepting the private investigator’s WHEEZING.

           The Japanese Man grabs Olivetti’s hair and yanks his head up, 
           forcing him to look forward.  Sitting directly before the 
           private investigator is a person in a hospital gown whose 
           legs have been amputated at the knee and whose arms have been 
           wholly removed.  Teardrops drip from the individual’s empty 
           eye sockets, and his ratty silver hair is pulled back in a 
           ponytail. (This is the wealthy man who watched his girlfriend 
           swim in acid seven months prior.)  Olivetti stares at the 
           AMPUTEE, terrified.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        My God.
           Standing directly behind the wheelchair is the Burned Man 
           with Mismatched Eyes, wearing slacks and a black sweatshirt.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        This is an example of what happens 
                        to an uncooperative individual.

           The Burned Man withdraws a handkerchief from his pocket, 
           wipes tears from the Amputee’s cheeks and pushes the cloth 
           into the mutilated individual’s left eye socket.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        He’s been here for seven months.

           Nauseated and fearful, Olivetti focuses upon the rusty drain.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        If you cooperate, we will let you 
                        go-- though you’ll have an 
                        obligation to our group.  If you 
                        are obstinate, you’ll become the 
                        next example.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        I’ll cooperate.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Look at me.

           Olivetti raises his gaze from the drain and stares forward 
           with frightened, glimmering eyes.

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        Are you a police detective or a 
                        private investigator?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        P.I.

           The Burned Man reaches into his rear pocket and withdraws 
           Olivetti’s cellphone.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        There are no numbers in here or any 
                        records of incoming calls.  Why?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        I go through a virtual switchboard.

           The Burned Man wedges the phone in-between the Amputee’s 
           gums, which no longer contain any teeth.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        What is your name?
                                 OLIVETTI
                        Angelo Olivetti.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Why were you on one-sixty-one?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        I was observing Detective Menendez.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Why?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        His wife believed that he was 
                        playing around.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        At five o’clock in the morning?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        I was hired to monitor all of his 
                        suspicious activities.  He went for 
                        a morning jog, but hopped into a 
                        cab after three blocks-- that’s 
                        suspicious.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        You were hired by his wife?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        I was.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Her name is?

           Olivetti’s eyes widen momentarily.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Marta.

           The phone lodged in-between the Amputee’s gums BUZZES.  The 
           Burned Man and Olivetti look at the device.  It BUZZES a 
           second time and wiggles forward, extruding like a tongue.  
           Olivetti’s heart pounds.  The phone BUZZES a third time, 
           tilts and falls into the Amputee’s lap, CLACK.

           The phone is silent.  The Burned Man gazes at Olivetti.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        That must have been “Marta.”

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Possibly.

           The Burned Man looks over Olivetti’s shoulder.
                                 BURNED MAN 
                        Right eye.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        No!

           The Japanese Man pokes his needle into Olivetti’s right eye.  
           The private investigator YELLS.

           The Japanese Man pulls the plunger, drawing ocular fluid into 
           the syringe.  Olivetti SHRIEKS.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           Benjamin drives.  Winter SNAPS his cellphone shut and clips 
           it to his belt.

                                 WINTER
                        Goddammit.

           A heavy silence sucks the air from the car.  Outside the 
           vehicle, dawn has broken.  Tenement houses, garbage cans, 
           cracked sidewalks and store facades glow blue.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Let’s circle the area, look for his 
                        VW.  If we don’t see anything, 
                        we’ll hit the building he detailed.

           Winter nods his weary head.

           EXT. BROADWAY IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - MOMENTS LATER

           Benjamin’s brown sedan passes by the two Dominican-American 
           Teenagers who sit upon the stoop of the boarded-up building 
           that proclaims ‘Da Peeplez will Rize’.  Today, their skullies 
           and sneakers are bright orange.

                                 DOMINICAN MAN
                            (to the sedan)
                        Get a spoiler on that!

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           Benjamin and Winter monitor their respective sides of the 
           avenue.  Upon the wires that suspend traffic lights, perched 
           pigeons have ideas.

           Winter observes.  Several PEOPLE stand outside an Off Track 
           Betting storefront, drinking beer wrapped in brown bags or 
           sipping coffee.  Upon a bench, a VAGRANT imitates a corpse.
           Benjamin surveys rows of run down buildings.  He reaches an 
           intersection, steers onto a side street and drives downhill.

           Winter sees a black car parked behind a building, but the 
           vehicle is revealed to be a hatchback with chrome rims.  The 
           blonde man sits back in his seat, concerned and frustrated.

           EXT. BROADWAY IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - MOMENTS LATER

           For the second time in five minutes, Benjamin’s brown sedan 
           passes by the Dominican duo.

                                 DOMINICAN MAN
                        Where’s the spoiler nigga?

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           Benjamin guides his car up the avenue and turns onto a side 
           street.  Winter checks his revolver, slides it into his waist 
           holster and pulls the bottom of his shirt over the firearm.

           Ahead of them, the avenue expands.  Benjamin applies the 
           brakes, turns to the left and stops the car.  Both detectives 
           insert wireless devices into their ears and look through the 
           driver’s window, uphill.

           Winter sees the decaying three-story brownstone, looks across 
           the street and notes the gray twelve-story project complex.  
           At the smaller building, he points.

                                 WINTER
                        It’s that one.

           Benjamin draws his semi-automatic pistol, CLICKS the safety 
           off, slots a bullet into the chamber, CLICK-CLACK, and 
           holsters the live weapon.  The black man clips his badge to 
           his collar; the blonde man pulls out the chain that holds his 
           badge and lets it dangle like a pendant.

           The detectives unbuckle their seat-belts, CLACK, CLACK.   
           Benjamin shifts the car into drive, CLICK-CLACK, and pulls 
           the wheel around.  The vehicle climbs up the incline, toward 
           the abandoned three-story brownstone, engine THRUMMING.

           Winter puts his left palm on the dashboard and grabs the 
           strap with his right fist.  Benjamin cuts the wheel hard 
           right; the tires strike the curb, THUD; the hood bounces.   
           The brownstone expands across the windshield.
           EXT. DESOLATE STREET IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - SAME

           The sedan stops.  The passenger door swings open, and Winter 
           runs out of the vehicle, across the cracked pavement and up 
           the stoop steps.

           Within the car, Benjamin draws his gun; after a momentary 
           assessment of the surroundings, he glances at the facade.

           Winter presses his shoulder to the wall beside the front 
           door.  He reaches out, tries the knob, finds that it is 
           locked and POUNDS a fist against the wood.

                                 WINTER
                        Open up!  Police!

           Benjamin, seated in the car, aims his semi-automatic pistol 
           at the front door.  Again, Winter POUNDS the door.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Police!  Open up right now!

           No sounds emanate from within the brownstone.

           Winter eyes the lock, which is reinforced stainless steel, 
           and gauges the door frame, which is old wood.  He points his 
           gun at the latter and squeezes his trigger, BANG; wood 
           CRACKLES; splinters fly pell-mell.  He fires again, BANG; 
           rotten wood BURSTS apart.  He squeezes off a third shot, 
           BANG; metal CLANKS-- the housing for the bolt is exposed.

           Winter opens his revolver, dumps shells into his pocket, 
           reloads with an autoloader and CLICKS the full cylinder into 
           place.  He kicks the door; wood BURSTS; hinges CREAK.

           Winter withdraws from the open doorway and SLAMS his right 
           shoulder against the outside wall.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        This is the police!  I will shoot 
                        any person who does not identify 
                        himself right now!

           Benjamin, gun raised, looks into the dark hallway of the 
           brownstone.  He does not see anything.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (into his wireless)
                        Front area’s empty.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FRONT ROOM - SAME

           A pointed revolver stabs into the dark space, held aloft by 
           Winter.  
           He advances two strides and waits for his eyes to adjust to 
           the darkness.   At the far end of the hallway, shards of blue 
           dawn shine like pieces of stained glass.

           Calmly, the detective strides up the hallway.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FIRST FLOOR LANDING - SAME

           Winter reaches the landing.  To his left are rusty mailboxes 
           and to his right is a stairwell that leads up into pure 
           darkness.  He points his gun up the steps.

                                 WINTER
                        This is the police!  I will shoot 
                        any person who does not identify 
                        himself right now!

           The brownstone is silent, excepting the sounds of DRIPPING 
           water.  From his belt, Winter plucks his penlight.  He CLICKS 
           it on and shines it up the stairwell; thick cobwebs glow.  
           The first seven steps look solid, but beyond them lies a 
           black chasm.  A drop of water falls through the void, 
           glinting.  A tiny tin voice BUZZES in the detective’s ear.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                            (into his wireless)
                        I’m okay.

           Winter turns from the stairwell and trains his beam upon the 
           rusty mailboxes; light glares upon their stainless steel 
           locks.  He puts the penlight in his mouth, and with his free 
           right hand, tries to open the left door.  It remains shut.

           He SLAMS the butt of his revolver into the mailbox; something 
           CLANKS upon the other side.  Winter’s brow wrinkles.

           EXT. DESOLATE STREET IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter SLAMS the trunk of the sedan.  In his right hand, he 
           hold a crowbar, and in his left hand, he grips his revolver.  
           Benjamin monitors the block from within the car, his semi-
           automatic down in his lap.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FIRST FLOOR LANDING - MOMENTS 
           LATER

           Winter, holding the penlight in his mouth, holsters his 
           pistol and swings the crowbar against the left mailbox, 
           CLANK; the sound ECHOES behind the wall.  He swings the 
           crowbar again, CLANK; the sound ECHOES.  The edge of the 
           rusty mailbox is warped, no longer flush with its setting.

           Winter jams the edge of the crowbar into the niche and 
           presses forward.  The mailbox bulges and GROANS.  
           He applies more force.  The lock SNAPS.  Sparks spray and the 
           door swings open.  He sets the crowbar down, CLINK.

           Into the mailbox, Winter shines his penlight.  The interior 
           is a receptacle of bright stainless steel.

           Winter examines the edges of the mailbox and sees a small 
           round button.  With his index finger, he presses the raised 
           circle, CLICK.  The bottom of the mailbox drops away, CLANK.

           Winter looks into the opening and sees a chute that goes deep 
           into the ground, far beyond the reach of his penlight.

           EXT. DESOLATE STREET IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - SAME

           Benjamin surveys the gray twelve-story building across the 
           street and the adjacent playground, which looks as if it 
           (barely) survived a wartime bombing.  Something catches the 
           detective’s eye, further up the road.  He looks west.  At the 
           end of the block, a MAN rolls a RATTLING shopping cart.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (into his wireless)
                        A guy just eyed me-- a penniless 
                        shopper.  Could be a lookout.  Or a 
                        member of the Red Sox.

           Benjamin watches the Man push his cart to the next block.

           From the front door, Winter emerges, his gun hidden by his 
           shirt, the crowbar in his hands.  He walks down the stoop 
           steps, surveys the lot and strides to the two metal doors 
           that lie upon the ground beneath a boarded-up window.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Watch out for rats-- up here 
                        they’re jumbos.

           Winter opens the basement doors; metal hinges SQUEAK.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / BASEMENT - SAME

           Winter walks down stone steps and into the dark enclosure.  
           He pans his penlight around and sees cobwebs, a soiled 
           mattress, some sodden boxes, several used condoms, a 
           collection of wine bottles (one of which contains a dead 
           mouse) and a mildewed head that once sat prestigiously atop a 
           stone statue.  A pink tail slides between cinder blocks.

           Holding his breath, Winter walks toward the far wall.  He 
           shines his light on the five metal tubes that run from the 
           brownstone above down into the stone floor.
           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           Benjamin surveys the barred and dark windows of the twelve-
           story building that is across the street.  Behind him, Winter 
           emerges from the basement and closes the doors, CLANG-CLANG.

           The black man watches his partner enter the vehicle and shut 
           the door, THUNK.  Both men remove their wireless earplugs.

                                 WINTER
                        No idea where Olivetti is.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck.
                            (he points to the 
                             brownstone)
                        What’s in there?

                                 WINTER 
                        It’s drop-off.  Chutes carry 
                        whatever’s put in the mailboxes to 
                        some underground receptacle.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That’s where O’Connor dumped his 
                        pots o’ gold?

                                 WINTER
                        And other people, I’d bet.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        How deep do they go-- these chutes?

                                 WINTER
                        Don’t know, but past the basement.  
                        Probably someplace that’s not 
                        accessible through the brownstone.

           The detectives ruminate for a moment.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        The project building across the 
                        street-- it would be a good place 
                        to watch the drop-off.  Might have 
                        a tunnel to the receptacle too.

                                 WINTER
                        It would have a deeper foundation.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Maybe that’s where they took 
                        Olivetti?
           The detectives look at the twelve-story project building.  
           Benjamin shifts into drive, CLICK-CLACK, and steps on the 
           gas.  The sedan rolls forward, engine THRUMMING.

           The car climbs and Winter gauges the bleak gray edifice.  
           Presently, Benjamin brakes and looks at his partner.

                                 WINTER
                        Back way?

           Benjamin nods.  Winter unfolds his phone, dials and presses 
           the device to his ear.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        R.W.?  Get a pen and-
                            (he listens)
                        I know.  But when you are awake, I 
                        want you to pull up info on four-
                        four-five west one-six-one street-- 
                        it’s an abandoned project building.  
                        See who’s responsible, if it was 
                        sold to private sector, etcetera.
                            (he listens)
                        And see if there’s a deed on the 
                        brownstone across the way.  Doesn’t 
                        have a number, but should be four-
                        four-six or four-four-four.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Unless it’s got a fucking fraction.

                                 WINTER
                        Check for a fraction if neither-
                            (he listens)
                        Nobody likes those.
                            (he listens)
                        And keep all of this tight.  Okay?  
                        This is dangerous.
                            (he listens)
                        I’ll try to get her to put cream 
                        cheese frosting on it next time.

           Winter dials off, CLICK.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Never.

                                 WINTER
                        I tried.

           EXT. CHURCH OF THE HOLY CHRIST - MOMENTS LATER

           The brown sedan glides into the empty lot of an old stone 
           church that is surmounted by four lichen-covered spires.  
           Benjamin turns the wheel, stops and backs into a space beside 
           a display case wherein plastic letters arranged on delineated 
           felt proclaim, ‘Join Us For Serv ces and Feel His Vo ce.’  
           Numerous flyers have been taped to the rear of the board, 
           depicting cats, bikes, dogs and children.

           The THRUMMING engine stops.  The trunk yawns like an 
           alligator.  Car doors open and admit the detectives, both of 
           whom have their weapons concealed by their shirts.  They shut 
           the doors, THUNK, THUNK.  Winter grips the crowbar in his 
           left hand.  Benjamin walks to the rear of his car, withdraws 
           bolt cutters and shuts the trunk, THUNK.  Toward the side of 
           the building--which is the entrance--the detectives stride.

           Winter and Benjamin pass the closed doors of the church, 
           where stands a headless stone statue of Jesus Christ.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That doesn’t seem like an 
                        endorsement.

           Winter looks away from the decapitated savior, toward the 
           adjoining property in which stands the gray project building.  
           Surrounding the weedy lot is a rusty iron gate, adorned with 
           sodden and sun-bleached newspapers, rags and boxes.  Atop the 
           fence are narrow spikes.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        That’ll keep the Negroes in.

                                 WINTER
                        Vlad Tepes did good work.

           EXT. BEHIND THE GRAY PROJECT BUILDING - SAME

           The detectives reach the gate, which is nearly a yard taller 
           than they are, and look through.  The mildewed back of the 
           gray building is riven and gripped by lichens; all of the 
           dark windows are either barred or boarded-up or both.  After 
           a brief survey, the men slide their tools through the bars of 
           the gate and drop them.

           Winter withdraws his gun, but keeps it close to his side.  
           Benjamin jumps up and grabs a spike with his right hand; his 
           sneakers SLAM the bars.  He grabs another protrusion, raises 
           himself and swings his left leg over two sharp points.

                                 WINTER
                        Be fucking careful.

           Benjamin leans on his planted left foot, lifts his other leg, 
           sets his right foot, balances and jumps down.  Sneakers 
           impact the terrain on the far side, THUMP.  Benjamin rises 
           and withdraws his gun; Winter holsters his revolver.
           The blonde man grips the iron bars and rises, hand-over-hand.  
           At the top, he grabs two upthrust spikes and raises the lower 
           half of his body.  He sets his feet on the crossbar, turns 
           around and lowers himself to the ground, gently.

           The detectives reclaim their tools and hasten toward the pair 
           of chained doors upon the rear face of the building, sneakers 
           flinging dirt as they jog.

           Presently, they reach the back entrance.  Benjamin pulls the 
           handles, but the doors do not open.  Winter points out a 
           boarded-up window on the second floor and the air-conditioner 
           that juts from the wall directly below it.

           INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM - SAME

           Olivetti trembles and his collapsed eye drips.  The Japanese 
           Man with white hair squirts the ocular contents of his 
           syringe into the rusty drain.  Nearby, the Burned Man with 
           Mismatched Eyes writes upon a note pad, which is resting upon 
           the Amputee’s head.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Garret Winter and Benjamin 
                        Williams.  Both married.  One has a 
                        daughter.
                            (he looks up at Olivetti)
                        How old is the daughter?

                                 OLIVETTI
                        D-don’t know.  Young.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Would she fit in a suitcase?

           Olivetti, horrified, looks at the man with his remaining eye.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        She’s a f-fucking ch-child!  A 
                        little girl.

           The Freckled Driver (the square-faced fellow who drove the 
           van to the hungry dogs two nights prior) walks into the room.

                                 FRECKLED DRIVER
                        I’m going.  Gotta get to work.

           The Burned Man tears the top sheet of paper from the note 
           pad, RIP, and examines it momentarily.

           “Detective Garret Winter, married.  Detective Benjamin 
           Williams, married, one young daughter.  They were 
           investigating Menendez and the 161 drop-off.  Coerce or 
           Execute?  -Y4”
           He folds the neatly-written note in half and writes the 
           letter ‘Z’ upon it.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Give this to the Typist.

           The Freckled Driver takes the note from the Burned Man, 
           enters the hallway and is absorbed by darkness.

           EXT. BEHIND THE GRAY PROJECT BUILDING - SAME

           Standing atop the security bars of a first floor air 
           conditioner, Winter twists his upraised crowbar.  The wood 
           covering the second floor window CRACKS; grit falls.  He 
           turns away from the airborne detritus.

           Upon the ground nearby, Benjamin watches the open lot with 
           quick eyes.  His gun is out, but held close and pointed down.

           Winter repositions the crowbar, SNEEZES and presses forward; 
           the wood CRACKS and falls to the ground, THUMP.  He drops the 
           tool, THUD, grips the edges of the sill and pulls himself 
           toward the window.

           Benjamin looks up at his partner’s dangling legs.  A moment 
           later, the limbs disappear inside the dark window.

           INT. ABANDONED LIVING ROOM - SAME

           Covering his nose, Winter surveys the room he has just 
           entered.  It is dirty, covered with cracked mint-green paint 
           and furnished with an overturned sofa and a rolled-up rug.

           He returns to the window, reaches out, grabs the upraised 
           crowbar and bolt cutters and carries them inside.  A moment 
           later, Benjamin hoists himself through the window.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Stank.

           INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM - SAME

           The Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes turns away from Olivetti 
           and rolls the Amputee toward the dark hallway; the wheelchair 
           SQUEAKS.  The captive watches the duo depart.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        Pizza face.  Hey.  Listen to me.  
                        I’m a private eye, connected to 
                        cops and loaded with intel.  I can 
                        help your organization in a big, 
                        big way.  I promise.
           The Burned Man does not respond.  He enters the hallway and 
           is absorbed by darkness; the wheelchair SQUEAKS.  On the far 
           side of the room stands the Japanese Man with White Hair.

                                 BURNED MAN (O.S.)
                        Hose down everything when you’re 
                        through.

           Olivetti pales.

                                 JAPANESE MAN
                        I will.

           The wheelchair SQUEAKS like a distant rodent.  Presently, an 
           unseen door CREAKS.

           A fury builds within Olivetti, replacing his fear.  He SPITS 
           and looks over at the Japanese Man.

                                 OLIVETTI
                        After you do this, you should swing 
                        by my place and take a look at my 
                        collection of pewter figurines.

           The Japanese Man withdraws a syringe from beneath his apron.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        I have Japanese Zeros and a one 
                        ninety-sixth scale model of 
                        downtown Hiroshima that’s fun to 
                        play with.

           Japanese Man walks forward, frowning.

                                 OLIVETTI (CONT'D)
                        The victims’ faces are so detailed 
                        and realistic-
                            (he shakes his head)
                        -it’s like you were there.

           The Japanese Man draws the plunger and the needle WHISTLES.  
           Olivetti forces a grin to his face.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - SAME

           The door to apartment 2H opens, CREAK.  A gun and the blonde 
           detective who wields it advance into a long blue hallway that 
           is illuminated by barred windows.  The floor is covered with 
           warped and curling pieces of gray linoleum.  Winter scans 
           either end of the passage and sees that he is alone.

                                 WINTER
                            (quietly)
                        Clear.
           Benjamin enters the hall, gun in hand.  He points to the 
           nearby stairwell and proceeds toward it.  Winter follows.

           INT.  PROJECT BUILDING / STAIRWELL - SAME

           The detectives hasten down the steps, toward a landing that 
           is illuminated by a narrow cracked window.  Presently, an 
           upright shape moves across the broken glass.

           The detectives race to the shattered pane and look through.  
           Outside, a big man with a square head and fair skin covered 
           with freckles walks away from the building, toward the 
           street.  He is smoking a cigarette.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (whispered)
                        I’ll tickle him.  You look for 
                        Olivetti.

                                 WINTER
                        Fine.  Meet in the lobby in ten 
                        minutes.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yep.

           The detectives glance at their watches--it is 7:38--and 
           hasten down the stairwell.  At the next landing, Benjamin 
           opens a door labelled, ‘Ground Floor.’  Winter continues into 
           the dark ground.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / LOBBY - SAME

           From the stairwell, Benjamin emerges.  He hurdles a turn-
           style, circumvents a dented security booth and races through 
           a corroded metal detector.  As he nears the front door, he 
           descries the thick chain that is wrapped around the crossbars 
           (and mouths the word, ‘fuck’).

           Benjamin opens his bolt cutters, wedges a link and shears it, 
           CLANK.  The chain drains away like water, RATTLING.  He opens 
           the door, sets the bolt cutters on the ground (to keep the 
           door from closing all the way) and runs outside.

           EXT. PROJECT BUILDING / PAVED COURTYARD - SAME

           Benjamin withdraws his pistol as he races toward the fair-
           skinned man, sneakers SCUFFING the pavement.  The Freckled 
           Driver turns around.  Benjamin points his gun.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Hands in the air!  Police!  
           The Freckled Driver raises his hands.

                                 FRECKLED DRIVER
                        Don’t ulcerate.

           Benjamin jogs toward him, gun upraised.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Keep your hands up and identify 
                        yourself!

                                 FRECKLED DRIVER
                        Can I pull out my badge?  Or do you 
                        want to do that?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You’re an officer?

           The Freckled Driver drags on his cigarette and nods.  
           Benjamin, wary, keeps his gun forward, but no longer points 
           it directly at the man’s chest.  The suspect flexes his meaty 
           upraised hands, CRACKING knuckles.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        Why’re you out here?

                                 FRECKLED DRIVER
                        Looking for a missing kid.

           Benjamin, doubtful, reaches the Freckled Driver, whose head 
           is diffused by exhaled smoke.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Produce your badge.  Slowly.

           The Freckled Driver reaches his right hand into a rear pocket 
           of his jeans and withdraws a wallet to which a brass badge is 
           affixed.  A folded piece of paper--the Burned Man’s note--
           falls to the ground.

                                 FRECKLED DRIVER 
                        Here.

           The Freckled Driver gives his wallet over to the detective, 
           leans over and picks up the fallen note.  Benjamin inspects 
           the badge and looks at the man’s driver’s license.

           The Freckled Driver replaces the note in his pocket and drags 
           upon his cigarette.  Benjamin returns the wallet.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Lieutenant Janacek.

                                 JANACEK
                        What’re you doing out here-- 
                        running around with a gun?
                                 (MORE)
                                 JANACEK (CONT'D)
                            (he exhales a cloud)
                        This isn’t your district.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I’m not at liberty to discuss it.

           Janacek TAPS his cigarette; ash falls to the cracked pavement 
           and bursts.

                                 JANACEK
                        That’s okay.
                            (he shrugs)
                        Wasn’t really interested.

           Janacek looks away and drags on his cigarette; Benjamin sees 
           that the man’s hands are shaking.  An exhaled cloud thickens 
           the air in-between the police officers.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Don’t listen to what the doctors 
                        say-- those’re healthy.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / BOILER ROOM - SAME

           Winter CLICKS his penlight and shines the beam upon boxes, 
           heaps of fabric, the skeletons of chained bicycles, corroded 
           canisters, cobwebs and a tipped-over washing machine.  Behind 
           the water heater stands an upright white shape.

           The detective puts the penlight in his mouth, grips the 
           crowbar and withdraws his revolver.  Cautiously, he circles 
           around the water heater.  The beam of light illuminates an 
           open, moldering refrigerator.

           Winter approaches the appliance, shines the light on the 
           ground nearby and sees scuff marks.  Presently, he looks 
           behind the refrigerator and sees a dark vertical line.

           EXT. PROJECT BUILDING / PAVED COURTYARD - SAME

           Benjamin watches Lieutenant Janacek (the Freckled Driver) 
           climb the hill.  The fair-skinned man walks toward a blue 
           sedan that is parked at the end of the block, a phone pressed 
           to his right ear.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (muttered)
                        “Don’t ulcerate.”

           INT. JANACEK’S BLUE SEDAN - MOMENTS LATER

           Janacek sits upon a Mets seat-cover and shuts the door, 
           THUNK.
                                 JANACEK
                        He identified me, I didn’t have-
                            (he listens)
                        After work?  I was going to get a 
                        pie, do laundry, nothing sp-
                            (he listens)
                        Okay.  See you then.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / BOILER ROOM - SAME

           Winter, holding his penlight in his mouth, shoves the 
           refrigerator aside--it SCRATCHES stone--and reveals a hidden 
           door.  He sets the crowbar into the doorjamb and presses 
           forward.  The lock GROANS.  He repositions the claw and 
           pulls.  Metal SNAPS.  The door swings wide.  Beyond the 
           portal lies a dark hallway.

           Winter steps aside, sets his penlight upon the floor and 
           slides it up the pitch black passage.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / PASSAGE BEHIND BOILER ROOM - SAME

           The penlight SKIDS up the hallway, illuminating the mildewed 
           cinder block walls as if it were a miniature motorcycle.  It 
           halts and glares brightly upon the metal door at the far end 
           of the passage.

           Winter emerges from the dark, gun upraised, crowbar in his 
           right hand.  He collects his penlight and examines the door, 
           which has a bolt on the side facing him.  He slides the 
           latch, CLICK.

           The door shifts.  Winter CLICKS his penlight and is swallowed 
           by absolute darkness.  The door CREAKS.  Water DRIPS.  Quiet 
           FOOTSTEPS follow.

           A moment later, something CLICKS.  The penlight beam stabs 
           through the dark, illuminating the turquoise tiles of the 
           subterranean room.

           INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM - SAME

           Winter finds a switch upon the wall and flips it, CLICK; dim 
           fluorescent light illuminates the enclosure.  Standing in the 
           center of the room and bolted to the floor is an iron chair 
           from which water DRIPS.  The detective’s stomach sinks.

                                 WINTER
                        Hell.

           Winter CLICKS his penlight, pockets it and walks across the 
           wet tiles to the draconian furnishing.  
           After a brief visual inspection, he presses his palm to the 
           underside of the chair and withdraws his damp hand.  A 
           silver, six-inch long strand of hair lies in his palm.  He 
           examines the underside of the chair once more and claims two 
           darker hairs of a similar length.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Goddammit.  Goddammit.

           Winter sets the hairs upon the chair, SLAMS the crowbar into 
           the drain and yanks it hard.  The grating warps, WHINES, 
           SNAPS and comes loose.  He flips the latticework over, 
           withdraws a white handkerchief and rubs it along the filthy 
           metal.  Amidst the grime and algae is a bright red streak.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Fuck.

           The discovery weighs heavily upon the detective.  His blue 
           eyes sparkle sadly.  He shakes his head and SNORTS.

           Presently, he puts the strands of hair into the sodden 
           handkerchief and rises.  He inserts the bundle into his 
           pocket, grabs the crowbar and hastens from the room.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / BOILER ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Penlight in hand, the detective strides past dead bikes, the 
           tipped-over washing machine and a door with four locks and a 
           warped sign that reads, “Electrical Room: Authorized Persons 
           Only!”  He glances at the door, looks at his watch and 
           continues toward the stairwell.  He CLICKS off his penlight.

           INT. PROJECT BUILDING / LOBBY - SAME

           Benjamin, seated atop a security turnstile, watches the 
           stairwell, within which FOOTSTEPS echo.  He raises his gun.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Identify yourself.

                                 WINTER (O.S.)
                        Julius Caesar.

           Winter emerges from the darkness and points to the exit.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        In the car.

           Winter hastens toward the front door; Benjamin follows.
           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER

           The detectives, glazed with sweat and breathing heavily, sit 
           inside the vehicle and shut their doors, THUNK, THUNK.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yeah?

                                 WINTER
                        Olivetti’s hurt or dead.  Looks 
                        like they interrogated him.  
                        Tortured him.

           A terrible fear expands within Benjamin’s stomach.  His mouth 
           goes dry.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        We should assume that he divulged.

           Benjamin yanks his cellphone from his belt, scrolls down a 
           menu to the name ‘Isabella’ and thumbs the connection.  He 
           opens his door, steps outside of the vehicle and walks toward 
           the headless Christ.

           Winter looks away from Benjamin and withdraws his own phone.

           EXT. CHURCH OF THE HOLY CHRIST - SAME

           Benjamin presses his cellphone to his ear and SLAPS the wall 
           of the church with his free hand.

                                 BENJAMIN
                            (muttering)
                        Pick up, pick up, pick-
                            (he listens)
                        Isabella?  Thank fucking God.
                            (he KISSES the church 
                             wall)
                        Where are you?
                            (he listens)
                        Okay.  Stop.  Don’t drop her off.  
                        Take her directly to Lisa’s-
                            (he listens)
                        No.  I’ll pick up the luggage.  I 
                        will.  Do not go back home.  Go to 
                        Lisa’s and call me when you get 
                        there.  And don’t talk to anybody 
                        else, okay?  Nobody.  No cops, 
                        nobody, but me.
                            (he listens)
                        I love you.

           The detective folds up his cellphone and wipes tears of 
           relief from his eyes.  His entire body is shaking.
           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           For a ponderous moment, Winter stares at the name ‘Evelyn,’ 
           which is highlighted upon his cellphone menu.  He SNORTS and 
           thumbs the connect button.

           INT. GOLDSTEIN’S APARTMENT / BEDROOM - SAME

           Evelyn SNEEZES.  She lies alone in a large tan bed that is 
           set against the west wall of Goldstein’s beige bedroom.  From 
           a nearby carton, she snatches a tissue.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (O.S.)
                        Bless you.

           Evelyn blows her red nose and glances at the bedroom door, 
           which is ajar.

                                 EVELYN
                        Thanks.

           From the adjacent room comes the sound of a phone RINGING.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (O.S.) 
                        That’s yours.

           Evelyn wipes her nose.

                                 EVELYN 
                        See who it is.

           FOOTSTEPS resound beyond the door.  The phone RINGS.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (O.S.) 
                        It’s the cat owner.

                                 EVELYN
                        Fuck him.  He can leave a message.  
                        And turn off the ringer.

           Evelyn blows her nose again.  Outside the window, dark clouds 
           coalesce.

           INT. ISABELLA’S LIME GREEN HYBRID - LATER

           Isabella, wearing blue jeans and a black sweater, drives a 
           lime green hybrid up Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn.  In the 
           seat beside her is Sofia, wearing denim overalls, sparkling 
           sneakers and a bright smile.  The Spanish-American woman eyes 
           her mirrors more than she typically would, but is otherwise 
           wholly composed.  She glances at her daughter.
                                 ISABELLA
                        You are happy that we are going to 
                        Lisa’s.

                                 SOFIA
                        Today was arachnids.

                                 ISABELLA
                        What if Bryan Chan gives his chips 
                        to some other girl?

                                 SOFIA
                        Salt and vinegar is disgusting.

           A red light glares.  Isabella applies her brakes and stops 
           the car.  She surveys the neighboring vehicles, sees nothing 
           that concerns her and KISSES her daughter upon the forehead.  
           The light turns green.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - LATER

           Benjamin steers onto an avenue.  Winter SNAPS his phone shut 
           and shakes his head, frustrated and concerned.

                                 WINTER
                        She’s not picking up her cell, and 
                        she’s not at work.  They said she’s 
                        out for the day.

           Benjamin ponders an unsavory idea.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        What?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Do you know his name?  The guy?

           Winter grimaces and nods.

                                 WINTER
                        It’s Goldstein.  They work 
                        together.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I can call him if you’d rather-

                                 WINTER
                        No.  I’ll talk to him.

           Winter scrolls down his cellphone menu, highlights ‘Evelyn 
           Work: Front Desk’ and presses the connect button.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        “Don’t ulcerate.”
           Winter puts his phone against his ear and looks at Benjamin.

                                 WINTER
                        “Don’t ulcerate”...?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        That’s what Janacek said.

                                 WINTER
                        Somebody else- Wait.
                            (into the phone)
                        I’d like for you to connect me with 
                        Shelley Goldstein.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Shelley?

                                 WINTER
                        This is Detective Winters from 
                        Precinct Nineteen.
                            (he listens)
                        Thank you.
                            (he covers over the 
                             receiver)
                        Jewish people use that name for 
                        men.
                            (into the phone)
                        This is an urgent police matter.  I 
                        need to speak with him immediately.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Or his brother Rachel.

                                 WINTER
                        I do not want to wait for him to 
                        return my call.  Please connect me 
                        to him right-
                            (he listens and becomes 
                             frustrated)
                        Then I will come in and show you my 
                        badge.

           Annoyed, Winter SNAPS his phone shut.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Want me to call and do my smooth 
                        black man thing?  I can-

                                 WINTER
                        Menendez.  He’s the one who said 
                        that.  “Don’t ulcerate.”  When we 
                        goosed him at O’Connor’s.

           Benjamin recalls the moment and nods.
                                 BENJAMIN
                        So Janacek knows Menendez-- they 
                        share a catchphrase and hang out at 
                        one-sixty-one.

                                 WINTER
                        That’s the arithmetic.

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        Christ.  How many cops are tied to 
                        this thing?  How big is it?

           EXT. WASHINGTON HEIGHTS / UNDERPASS NEAR - LATER

           Cars RUMBLE above the blocked-off underpass, the walls of 
           which are comprised of porous riven stone.  Within a recessed 
           area stands a thick metal door.  Something CLANKS behind it.

           The door opens, GROANING.  From the darkened portal emerges 
           the Japanese Man with White Hair and the Burned Man with 
           Mismatched Eyes.  Behind them is a stone stairwell that leads 
           down into the earth.

           INT. FRONT ROOM OF TAYLOR, GATINO, GOLDSTEIN & FERGUSON, LLC. 
           - LATE MORNING

           Winter, wearing his black jeans and begrimed gray t-shirt, 
           strides into the carpeted front room of the law firm at which 
           his wife works.  The SECRETARY, a twenty-six-year-old black 
           woman with short wavy hair, looks up from her desk and grows 
           anxious.  The detective withdraws his badge and changes the 
           woman’s initial concern into a second--and more serious--one.

                                 WINTER
                        I’m Detective Winter.  I need to 
                        speak to Shelley Goldstein right 
                        now.

           Two LAWYERS in iridescent suits stride from a room holding 
           glasses of sparkling water.  They glance at Winter.

                                 KOREAN-AMERICAN LAWYER
                        Garret?  How are you?

                                 WINTER
                        Fine.
                            (he holds up his badge)
                        Official business.

           The Secretary dials an inside line.

                                 KOREAN-AMERICAN LAWYER
                        Oh...okay.  Tell Evelyn I hope 
                        she’s feeling better.
           Winter considers the remark and nods a polite affirmation.

           INT. TAYLOR, GATINO, GOLDSTEIN & FERGUSON, LLC. / CONFERENCE 
           ROOM FOUR - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter enters a conference room that is furnished with 
           leather chairs and an oval table.  On the far wall is a 
           picture window that admits a view of other tall midtown 
           buildings.  The detective stops a foot from his own 
           reflection and looks north, towards Washington Heights, where 
           he spent the morning.  Sullen clouds gather overhead.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (O.S.)
                        Detective Winter.

           Winter turns around and faces the tall, neatly-bearded man 
           with whom his wife has been having an affair.  A coolness 
           spreads throughout the detective’s interiors.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (CONT'D)
                        My secretary said that you are here 
                        on official business.

           Goldstein adjusts his green tie and clears his throat.

                                 WINTER
                        Close the door.

           Goldstein gauges Winter for a long moment.  The detective 
           remains still, silhouetted against the gray city.  The lawyer 
           shuts the door to the room, CLUNK, and motions to the table.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Please have a seat.

                                 WINTER
                        Is Evelyn at your apartment?

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        She is.

           Winter is unsettled by the presented image, but relieved to 
           know the whereabouts of his ex-wife.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (CONT'D)
                        Her allergies are acting up.  For 
                        reasons unknown.

           Winter cannot tell if Goldstein is being facetious, and he 
           lets the remark go.

                                 WINTER
                        I am currently involved in a case 
                        that may put her life in jeopardy.
           Concern flashes upon Goldstein’s face.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Are the people here--at the firm-- 
                        aware of your relationship with 
                        her?

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        They are not.

                                 WINTER
                        Who knows about it and where do 
                        they live?  This is important.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Some friends of mine in Jersey.  My 
                        mother, who’s down in Boca Raton.
                            (he thinks)
                        Sylvia-- a waitress at Jeremy’s 
                        Delicatessen.

                                 WINTER
                        Do any of these people know that 
                        Evelyn’s at your place?

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        No.

                                 WINTER
                        Then she should stay there until 
                        the situation’s been resolved.  
                        Check on her, make sure she’s okay.  
                        Don’t go more than two hours 
                        without some contact.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Okay.

           Winter walks toward Goldstein.  The tall lawyer grows tense, 
           but holds his ground.  The detective flings the door wide and 
           exits the room without another word.

           INT. OAKS FINE DINING - LATE MORNING

           The walls of the restaurant are burnished mahogany and the 
           ceiling is supported by curved oak arches from which depend 
           asymmetrical brass chandeliers.  Seated at the two score 
           tables are BUSINESSMEN and WOMEN.

           A SOMMELIER, a handsome thirty-three-year-old French fellow 
           carrying two bottles of wine, walks toward a closed door 
           marked, ‘Reserved.’  He removes a key from his belt, inserts 
           it into a bronze lock and twists; the mechanism CLICKS.  Into 
           the amber space beyond, the man escorts the bottles.
           INT. OAKS FINE DINING / PRIVATE ROOM - SAME

           The Sommelier enters a luxurious chandelier-illumined room 
           and shuts the door.  Seated at a cloth-covered table in a 
           wheelchair of brass and ivory is VICTOR, a sixty-seven-year-
           old man with a prosthetic left hand, a glass eye and a gray 
           suit.  Opposite him sits CANDACE JONES, a slender black woman 
           of a similar age who has sad eyes, silver hair, a blue dress 
           and plentiful pearls.  In front of the woman lies a half-
           eaten steak and before the disabled man rests an untouched 
           mixed green salad.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        Were you a vegetarian before 
                        Vietnam?

                                 VICTOR
                        No.

           Candace Jones sympathetically appraises the disabled man.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        Was it because of what happened 
                        over there?

           Victor pokes the small forest of variegated lettuces with the 
           tines of his silver fork.

                                 VICTOR
                        Yes.
                            (he nods)
                        Those experiences changed my 
                        beliefs.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        Paul had nightmares about it.  
                        Especially the prison camp.

                                 VICTOR
                        I still do.  Sometimes, even when 
                        I’m awake.

           Candace Jones has no reply for this remark.

           Victor motions to the waiting Sommelier.  The server walks to 
           the table, presents the label, pours a tablespoon of red wine 
           into the bulb, swirls it around and dumps the liquid into a 
           metal cup, SPLASH.  Candace is perplexed by the ritual.

                                 VICTOR (CONT'D)
                        That removes the residues without 
                        adding any new impurities.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        Oh.  I see.
           The Sommelier pours a small amount of wine into the bulb.  
           Victor drinks, glances at the Sommelier and nods.  Summarily, 
           two inches of wine grow inside the crystal glass.  The server 
           gestures toward Candace Jones, but she politely declines.

           The Frenchman hastily departs.  After the door shuts, Victor 
           leans to the right side of his wheelchair, grips the handle 
           of a black briefcase, raises it and sets it upon the table.

                                 VICTOR 
                        This is the amount owed to your 
                        husband.

           Candace Jones cracks open the briefcase; it is filled with 
           tall bundles of one hundred dollar bills.  Taken aback, she 
           closes the lid and fastens its latches, CLACK-CLACK.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        Paul made sure I was provided for 
                        before he died.  I don’t need-

                                 VICTOR
                        Paul helped me set up the system.

           Victor TAPS the briefcase with his prosthetic hand.

                                 VICTOR (CONT'D)
                        This is his.  Yours.  Paid in full 
                        on the fifteenth anniversary of his 
                        passing.

                                 CANDACE JONES
                        This “system” still makes money?  
                        After all of these years...and in 
                        this economy?

           With his prosthetic hand, Victor raises his bulb of wine.

                                 VICTOR
                        It’s not connected to the economy 
                        or the government.
                            (he SIPS)
                        It is a separate thing that lives 
                        and endures.

           INT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 / WINTER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, wearing a gray suit, and Benjamin, wearing a mustard 
           colored button-up shirt and brown corduroys, sit at the desk, 
           looking at the interior window.  On the far side of the 
           precinct, Sergeant Arthur emerges from an office.  In his 
           hands is a thick manila envelope.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Fuck.
           When the gray-haired Sergeant departs, he reveals R.W., the 
           obese clerk who is fond of woolen sweater-vests, slumped 
           forward in his chair, unhappy.

           Winter picks up his desk phone and dials an extension.  After 
           a moment, R.W. picks up his receiver.

                                 WINTER
                        That was the O’Connor file?

           Across the hallway, R.W. nods and says the word ‘yes.’

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Don’t come in here and don’t fuss-- 
                        just do whatever the Sergeant 
                        detailed.

           Across the hallway, R.W. asks a question.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        For your own safety, I’m not going 
                        to answer that.

           Winter hangs up his telephone, CLICK.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Double fuck.

           Through the window, the detectives survey the CLERKS and 
           OFFICERS who mill about the central area, uncertain whom they 
           can trust.  Benjamin rises from his chair and snatches his 
           brown jacket; Winter stands and slots his revolver into his 
           shoulder holster.  Towards the door, the partners walk.

           INT. OAKS FINE DINING / PRIVATE ROOM -  LATER

           Victor is alone in the private room.  From his pocket, he 
           withdraws a typed letter, which he unfolds and peruses.

            “Detective Garret Winter, married.  Detective Benjamin 
           Williams, married, one young daughter.  They were 
           investigating Menendez and the 161 drop-off.  Coerce or 
           Execute? -Y4”

           Victor ruminates.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - LATER

           Benjamin, seated on the sofa, drinks a glass of tomato juice.  
           Empress lands on a cushion, THUMP, and glares at Winter, who 
           sits on an opposing chair.  Benjamin pats the cat’s head and 
           it PURRS.
                                 WINTER
                        I wasn’t aware she could make that 
                        noise.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        What’re you thinking?

                                 WINTER 
                        We should grab your buddy from this 
                        morning and step on his neck.

           Benjamin is stunned by the suggestion.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        No.  Underlined and in bold.  No.

                                 WINTER 
                        We need to reach them before they 
                        can leverage us.  Our-

                                 BENJAMIN 
                        But we can’t do that to a cop-- 
                        interrogate him like...like that.

                                 WINTER
                        Our wives might be safe right now, 
                        but we certainly can’t hide every 
                        single person we care about for 
                        some indefinite period.  Remember 
                        O’Connor’s niece? 

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Don’t do that.  Don’t try to 
                        manipulate me.

                                 WINTER
                        This is what I meant by “off the 
                        grid.”  

           Benjamin sets down his glass and ponders the grim tableau.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        If Janacek was coerced, he’ll crack 
                        quickly-- he will want to confess.  
                        If he’s a willing member...fuck 
                        him.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        “Fuck him?”  You’re okay to torture 
                        him?

                                 WINTER
                        We don’t have the luxury of being 
                        nice.
           Benjamin looks away from Winter’s cold gaze and pets Empress.  
           The cat PURRS.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Will you call the Dhanikovs?

           Benjamin frowns and SIGHS.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I’ll call the Dhanikovs.

           INT. LISA KILNER’S DEN - DUSK

           LISA KILNER, a stout woman with spiky platinum hair, walks 
           from the kitchen into the shag-carpeted den, carrying a tray 
           with broccoli, carrot sticks and a bright yellow dip.  She 
           approaches the plaid sofa upon which Isabella and Sofia sit 
           and look at a children’s book that has illustrations of an 
           adorable octopus in a fireman’s uniform holding four hoses 
           and four axes as it enters a burning skyscraper.

                                 SOFIA
                            (to Isabella)
                        You drawed- I mean drew him?

                                 ISABELLA
                        Yes.  And Lisa wrote the words.

                                 SOFIA
                        He’s got a lot of hatchets.

           Lisa sets the platter on the table, CLICK.

                                 LISA
                        Snacks.

           Sofia appraises the “snacks.”

                                 SOFIA
                        Is that paint?

                                 LISA
                        Saffron aoli.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Say thank you to-

           Isabella’s phone RINGS.  She looks down at the digital 
           display and sees the name ‘Ben.’  The Spanish-American woman 
           places the receiver to her ear.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        Hello.
                            (she listens)
                        Okay.
                                 (MORE)
                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                            (she closes her phone and 
                             looks at Lisa)
                        He’s here with the luggage.  Will 
                        you take Sofia?

           Lisa scoops up Sofia, but the little girl proclaims-

                                 SOFIA
                        I want to see Daddy!

                                 ISABELLA
                        Sofia.  Go with Lisa.  Behave.

           The chime RINGS.  Isabella walks to the peephole, looks 
           through, smiles, undoes the chain, unbolts the lock, CLACK, 
           twists the handle and opens the door.

           In the hallway outside stands Benjamin, holding a heavy 
           suitcase in each hand.  Parked on the quaint cobblestone 
           street behind the detective is the brown sedan, tenanted by 
           Winter.

           Isabella KISSES Benjamin as he enters the apartment and waves 
           at her husband’s partner, who returns the salutation.  After 
           she shuts the door, she twists the bolt, CLACK.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        How serious is this?

           Benjamin sets the suitcases upon the carpet, directly beside 
           the paisley couch, and turns to look at his wife.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Very.

           Concerned, Isabella walks toward Benjamin.

                                 ISABELLA 
                        Be careful.  Please.  What you do 
                        is important...but it is your job.
                            (her hands shake and she 
                             clasps them together)
                        I do not want to be like Nancy, 
                        raising her child alone.

           Benjamin glares at Isabella.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I don’t need to hear something like 
                        that right now.  I really don’t.

                                 ISABELLA
                        I think you do.  
                            (she points at the window)
                        Garret gives it all to his job--
                        look at what his wife did--but you 
                        have a life.
                                 BENJAMIN
                        Thanks to him.

           Isabella shakes her head in refutation.

                                 ISABELLA
                        No, Ben.  No.  You cannot-

                                 BENJAMIN
                        It’s a fact.  If he didn’t spot 
                        that shooter it would’ve been me in 
                        the hospital instead of him.  Or 
                        the morgue.

           Isabella takes Benjamin’s hand and looks into his eyes.

                                 ISABELLA 
                        Ben...mi rey...please.  You cannot 
                        ever repay that kind of debt.

           Benjamin nods his head and averts his gaze.  For a heavy 
           moment, he ruminates.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I don’t have a choice.  Not 
                        anymore.  The organization that 
                        we’re going after, it’s like...it’s 
                        like a mollusk.  It’s slimy, 
                        repulsive and hidden, and it 
                        doesn’t exist until you go looking 
                        for it in a dark place.  But once 
                        you know it’s there...
                            (he looks into Isabella’s 
                             eyes)
                        I have to do this.  Please don’t 
                        make me defend myself to you.

           Isabella presses her face to her husbands chest and hugs him. 

                                 ISABELLA
                        Okay.  Okay.

           Benjamin pulls her closer, his eyes sparkling with concern.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Next time it’s mollusks, I’ll let 
                        Sofia skip.

           INT. SPANISH HARLEM APARTMENT BUILDING / STAIRWELL - EVENING

           Lieutenant Janacek (the Freckled Driver) climbs up the brown 
           and red stairwell of the Spanish Harlem apartment building.  
           He is wearing jeans, sneakers and a shiny blue and orange New 
           York Mets jacket.  In his arms is a pizza box with a moist 
           mark besmirching the face of a grinning Italian caricature.
           He rounds the fourth floor landing, rebalances the pie and 
           withdraws his keys, which are attached to a NY Mets pendant.

           INT. JANACEK’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           The apartment is pitch black.  The lock CLICKS and the front 
           door opens, CREAK.  Janacek looks inside the unlit enclosure, 
           puzzled.  The silencer of a gun presses against his neck.

                                 RUSSIAN-ACCENTED MALE VOICE
                        Be quiet.  Walk inside.

                                 DEEPER VOICE
                        Now.

           Janacek wrangles his fears and enters the apartment.  A jet 
           black hand shuts the door, THUNK.

           EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, wearing a black windbreaker and jeans, and Benjamin, 
           wearing an olive sweater and slacks, sit in the sedan, which 
           is parked down the street from Janacek’s red and brown 
           building.  From the edifice emerge the DHANIKOV BROTHERS, two 
           strong men with serious eyebrows, gray trench coats and long 
           black ponytails.  The older sibling holds Janacek’s pizza box 
           and eats a lengthwise-folded slice; the younger fellow tosses 
           a roll of duct tape into a garbage can, CLANG.

                                 WINTER
                            (to Benjamin)
                        If there’s a problem call.

           Benjamin, frustrated, nods his head.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        You met him already.  If this gets 
                        ugly and somebody puts you at the 
                        scene, Isabella is going to be 
                        married to a security guard.

           The Dhanikovs pass by the sedan; the older sibling tosses the 
           pizza box onto the roof, THUMP.

           Winter opens his door and exits the vehicle.  He lifts the 
           lid of the pizza box and sees, replacing the purloined slice, 
           a NY Mets key chain and a separate, smaller handcuff key.

           INT. JANACEK’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter walks into Janacek’s unlighted apartment, shuts the 
           door, locks it, CLICK, and draws the chain.  For a moment, 
           the darkness is absolute. 
           A switch CLICKS and an overhead light glares.  Winter adjusts 
           the black ski mask that now covers his face.

           He surveys the apartment.  The windows are covered by black 
           garbage bags that are secured with duct tape.  Upon the 
           ground in the corner sits the freckled lieutenant; his arms 
           are bound behind his back, handcuffed to a HISSING radiator; 
           a black hood covers his head.

           The blonde detective walks toward the officer; boards CREAK 
           beneath his feet.  Janacek MUMBLES.

                                 WINTER
                        I’m going to remove your gag.  If 
                        you yell, I will break your front 
                        teeth with a hammer.  Do you 
                        understand?

           Janacek MUMBLES and nods.  Winter lifts the bottom of the 
           hood, yanks the gag and pulls out what appears to be a long 
           white tongue, but is actually a sock, and discards it.

           After lowering the hood, Winter walks away from the bound 
           man, toward the kitchen.  Janacek clears his throat.

                                 JANACEK
                        What...what do you want?

           Winter opens a drawer filled with utensils; cutlery CLINKS.  
           From the metal collection he withdraws a long chef’s knife.

                                 WINTER
                        I know that you work with a group 
                        that blackmails, tortures and 
                        murders people.

           Winter reenters the living room, drags a chair beside the 
           bound man and sits upon it.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Your group murdered my wife.  Took 
                        her away from me.

                                 JANACEK
                        I never-

           Winter TAPS the tip of the knife into Janacek’s forehead.  
           The captive jerks away.

                                 JANACEK (CONT'D)
                        Hey!  Stop, I-

                                 WINTER
                        Tell me what you know.  I would 
                        rather torture somebody more 
                        significant than you.
           Janacek raises his covered head.

                                 JANACEK
                        You don’t know shit from bullion if 
                        you think you can go against them.

           Winter sets the point of the knife against the man’s forehead 
           and presses it in.  Janacek YELPS and jerks back.

                                 WINTER
                        Edify me.

           For a long moment, the hood covers an inert, cogitating lump.  
           Blood drips from the tiny aperture.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Does this group have a name?

           A mirthless CHUCKLE emerges from beneath the hood.  Janacek 
           shakes his head, ‘no.’

                                 JANACEK
                        A name would be a way to identify 
                        them.  This thing...it’s nebulous.  
                        Big and nebulous.

                                 WINTER
                        Who runs it?

                                 JANACEK
                        I don’t know.

                                 WINTER
                        How’d you get pulled in?

                                 JANACEK
                        Pictures.  They sent Polaroids of 
                        my girlfriend.  They’d dismembered 
                        her...and...well...worse.

           The hooded head sags forward; a crimson drop slides from the 
           forehead aperture like a tear.

                                 JANACEK (CONT'D)
                        And they sent me a photo of my 
                        sister that was taken beside her 
                        bed, while she was sleeping.  And a 
                        list of names--about twenty people 
                        I know--friends, relatives.

                                 WINTER
                        Targets they’d go after if you 
                        didn’t go along?
                                 JANACEK
                        Yeah.  How can you protect that 
                        many people from some invisible 
                        fucking evil?  You can’t.  So you 
                        go along.

           INT. BENJAMIN’S CAR - SAME

           Benjamin watches a MAN who has an odd limp walk toward the 
           brown and red apartment building at the end of the block.  
           Concerned, Benjamin reaches for his phone.  The car window 
           SHATTERS, and a gun presses against his forehead.

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        Police.  Don’t move.

           Benjamin looks to his left.  Upon the other side of the 
           pistol is the Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes, dressed in a 
           dark gray suit.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Let me see some-

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Hands on the wheel.  Now.

           The passenger door swings open and a Big Blonde Man wearing a 
           black jogging suit climbs inside the car.  He points a pistol 
           at Benjamin’s stomach, holding it below the dashboard so that 
           it cannot be seen from outside.  The Burned Man holsters his 
           gun and looks up and down the street; the distant pedestrians 
           are oblivious.  The Big Blonde Man shuts his door, THUNK.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Show me your identification.

           The Blonde Man pistol-whips Benjamin; his nose SNAPS.  The 
           detective drops his cellphone and admits a pained GRUNT.

                                 BIG BLONDE MAN
                        Wanna see it again?

           The Burned Man stabs a syringe into Benjamin’s shoulder and 
           presses the plunger.  The detective pulls away--residual 
           fluid squirts from the needle into the air--and elbows the 
           Big Blonde Man in the neck.  An open hand SLAPS Benjamin’s 
           face, and he punches the Big Blonde Man’s mouth, SMACK.

           Benjamin wavers, loses consciousness and collapses.  The Big 
           Blonde Man spits blood.  The Burned Man opens the rear door, 
           sits inside and pulls the handle, THUNK.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Give me his cellphone.
           The Big Blonde Man reaches beside Benjamin’s right foot, 
           picks up the cellphone and hands it over.  The Burned Man 
           opens the device and reads the menu,  ‘Contacts, Missed 
           Calls, Emails, Text Messaging,’ and highlights ‘Text 
           Messaging.’

           ‘From: Isabella 7:46    B, Things r quiet here.  Going to 
           help Lisa w dinner now.  Plz be careful.    Love u, I.’

           The Burned Man thumbs back to the main menu and highlights 
           the word ‘Contacts.’

                                 BURNED MAN (CONT'D)
                        Lisa...

           INT. JANACEK’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter sets a bandage upon the hooded man’s pricked forehead.

                                 WINTER
                        What do they have you do?

                                 JANACEK 
                        At first, I gave them information-- 
                        police intel.  I botched some 
                        evidence and steered some 
                        investigations.  But after a couple 
                        of years, they forced me to become 
                        more directly involved.

                                 WINTER
                        With the coercions?

           Janacek tilts his head down.  Winter looks at the man and 
           sees his shoulders hitch a couple of times.

                                 JANACEK
                        I work with a guy who picks 
                        targets, sets the hooks, who does 
                        the...the...
                            (he SNIFFS)
                        You ever want proof that no higher 
                        power’s looking out for us-- he’s 
                        the fucking proof.

                                 WINTER
                        What’d you do for him?

                                 JANACEK
                        Drive.  Clean up.  Deliver his 
                        messages to the Typist.

                                 WINTER 
                        Who’s the Typist?
                                 JANACEK
                        He’s the hub-- all of the 
                        communications go through him.

           Winter’s pulse races; he leans forward.

                                 WINTER
                        Where is he?

           INT. SPANISH HARLEM APARTMENT BUILDING / STAIRWELL - LATER

           Winter enters the hall, shoves his ski mask into his 
           windbreaker’s left pocket and removes a piece of gray putty.  
           He jams the malleable material into the door lock, wipes off 
           the excess and strides away from Janacek’s apartment.

           As he descends the stairwell, he opens his cellphone, thumbs 
           a preset and presses the device to his ear.  He traverses a 
           landing, cuts the connection and dials again, concerned.

           Presently, he descends the remaining flights and reaches the 
           front door.  He SNAPS his cellphone shut and pockets it.  
           Into his windbreaker, he slides his left hand.  He looks 
           through the narrow window that is beside the entrance, wary.

           An OLD SPANISH WOMAN pushes a cart filled with groceries past 
           the glass, glances at him and continues toward the end of the 
           block.  The moment that she turns the corner, Winter throws 
           the door wide and strides onto the sidewalk.

           EXT. SPANISH HARLEM APARTMENT BUILDING - SAME

           Winter’s stomach sinks.  A red car sits in the space 
           previously occupied by Benjamin’s brown sedan.  Cautiously, 
           he approaches the decked-out vehicle, glancing in all 
           directions, looking for any sign of his partner.

           Winter reaches the red car and inspects it, circling.  Upon 
           the street by the driver’s side are several shards of glass.  
           The detective kneels, hears FOOTSTEPS behind him and spins, 
           pointing his gun.  A TEENAGE LATINO throws his arms up.

                                 TEENAGE LATINO
                        Yikes, nigga, yikes!

           Winter appraises the youth momentarily.

                                 TEENAGE LATINO (CONT'D)
                        Don’t take my honey.

           Winter lowers his gun.

                                 WINTER
                        This is your car?
                                 TEENAGE LATINO
                        No, nigga.  That’s my wife!

                                 WINTER
                        When did you park your spouse?

                                 TEENAGE LATINO
                        ‘Bout ten minutes ‘go.

                                 WINTER
                        Did you see the car that was here 
                        before?

                                 TEENAGE LATINO
                        No, nigga.  This space was wide-da-
                        fuck open when I gives it to my 
                        shorty.

           EXT. SPANISH HARLEM / SECOND AVENUE - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter walks from the side street onto the wide avenue.  He 
           surveys the area, looking for Benjamin and the brown sedan, 
           but does not see either.  Within the blonde detective’s 
           stomach expands a terrible dread.

           He raises his hand.  A taxi driven by a frowning Indian-
           American CABBIE veers across three lanes and stops directly 
           beside him.

           INT. TAXI CAB - SAME

           Winter pulls the handle, climbs into the vehicle and shuts 
           the door, THUNK.

                                 WINTER
                        Circle around the block.

           The Cabbie SIGHS, shifts gears, CLICK-CLACK, and accelerates.  
           Through the windows, Winter surveys the parked vehicles all 
           along the avenue; the brown sedan is not amongst them.

           The Cabbie turns east onto the next side street; apartment 
           buildings and irrelevant cars scroll past.  The avenue ahead 
           expands and the Cabbie guides the vehicle north.  Winter 
           scans the environs, but sees no sign of Benjamin or his 
           vehicle.  His eyes sparkle and he shakes his head.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Goddammit.  Goddammit.  Goddammit.

           (The Cabbie glances at the blasphemer, but says nothing.)
           The vehicle turns west onto the next street; Winter sees the 
           red car, its protective Latino husband and the brown and red 
           apartment building whence he emerged five minutes earlier.  
           The Cabbie applies the brakes and looks in the mirror.

                                 CABBIE
                        Finished?

           Winter removes his note pad and looks at it.

                                 WINTER
                        Take me to Fort Washington and one 
                        hundred and eighty-seventh street.

           The Driver SIGHS.  The vehicle rolls forward.

           Winter replaces his note pad, withdraws his cellphone, 
           scrolls down the menu and thumbs a connection.  As he 
           listens, he CLEARS his throat and steadies himself.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Hello Isabella, this is Garret.  I 
                        know Benjamin told you not to call 
                        or talk to anybody, but please make 
                        an exception and call me when you 
                        get this.  Thanks.

           Winter SNAPS the phone shut; his deep dread burgeons.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Goddammit.

           Something SMACKS the windshield.  Winter flinches.

                                 CABBIE
                        Your words bring precipitation.

           Winter looks forward.  A drop of rain SMACKS the glass, 
           followed by another, SMACK.  Windshield wipers SQUEAK.

           EXT. TURQUOISE BUILDING - LATER

           Rain HISSES.  Upon the cracked street before a turquoise 
           building sits the yellow cab.  Winter pays the driver and 
           looks outside.  Blue light glows behind a handful of barred 
           windows and nearby, the turgid water within the Hudson River 
           bubbles as if boiling.

           The detective opens the door and shuts it, THUNK.  Rain soaks 
           his uncovered head and strikes his windbreaker, CRACKLING 
           like popcorn.  Across the flagstones, he hastens.

           Rain ROARS.  Underneath the cover of the overhang, Winter 
           withdraws the NY Mets key chain and selects a steel key.
           INT. TURQUOISE BUILDING / FRONT ENTRYWAY - SAME

           The lock CLICKS.  Winter pushes the door open and enters the 
           front hall.  A plaintive gust of wind flings the door into 
           his arm; a towel-wrapped oblong falls from his jacket to the 
           ground, THUMP.

           Winter shuts the door, CLACK.  Rain SPLATTERS upon the wire-
           reinforced glass.  He picks up the fallen bundle and replaces 
           it inside his windbreaker.  With the same key that he used 
           outside, Winter opens an inner blue door.

           The detective enters a foyer.  Dim light from a shielded bulb 
           illuminates the blue tiles that cover the walls.  Ahead of 
           him is a stairwell that leads up into the building and to his 
           left is a row of slender mailboxes.

           Winter raises the key chain, selects a small bronze key 
           labelled ‘4B,’ and inserts it into the corresponding mailbox.  
           He opens the door, SQUEAK, reaches to the back of the cavity 
           and opens a hidden panel, revealing three metal switches.  He 
           flips the middle one, CLICK.

           Winter shuts the mailbox door, SQUEAK, and locks it, CLACK.

           He steps back, closes the blue door most of the way and hides 
           behind it.  Presently, he withdraws his ski mask, pulls it 
           over his head and grips his revolver.

           FOOTSTEPS sound on the stairs on the other side of the door.  
           Winter listens.  The FOOTSTEPS get louder.  Winter holds his 
           breath.  The FOOTSTEPS grow louder and stop.

           The mailbox door SQUEAKS.  Winter throws open the blue door 
           and points his gun forward.  At the other end of his weapon 
           is a small OLD MAN who wears a yellow robe atop his pajamas.

                                 OLD MAN
                        Don’t sh-

                                 WINTER
                        Take me up to your apartment.  If 
                        we’re seen by somebody, I’ll shoot 
                        you and leave.

           Tears fill the Old Man’s eyes.  He appraises the masked 
           assailant, nods, turns and walks up the stairwell.  Winter 
           secrets his gun in his jacket pocket and follows.

           INT. TURQUOISE BUILDING / 4TH FLOOR HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER

           The Old Man leads Winter across the fourth floor hallway, 
           which is wallpapered with blue and gray fabric.  
           The floorboards are old wood that CREAK beneath Winter’s 
           boots, but not the slipper-shod feet of the lightweight Old 
           Man.

                                 WINTER
                        If you press a panic button or make 
                        a commotion I will execute you.

           The Old Man withdraws a key-ring from his robe.  In his 
           trembling hands, the keys JINGLE.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Don’t stall.

                                 OLD MAN
                        I’m not stalling-- I’m scared.

           The tip of a trembling brass key circles the lock.  Winter 
           steadies the Old Man’s hands.  The key slides home, CLICK.

                                 WINTER
                        Open it slowly.  Tell everybody 
                        inside to remain seated.

                                 OLD MAN
                        There’s nobody else here.

           The Old Man twists the key, CLACK, and pushes the door open; 
           hinges CREAK.  CRACKLING DOO-WOP MUSIC spills into the hall 
           like saccharine deja-vu.

           INT. WINDOWLESS APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - SAME

           Winter follows the Old Man inside, shuts the door, THUNK, 
           locks it, CLACK, and withdraws his gun.  He surveys the 
           apartment.  A standing lamp with a rose-hued silk shade 
           illuminates an enclosure that is covered by maroon wallpaper, 
           whereupon hang several sepia images of a handsome woman 
           wearing a dress that would have been fashionable in the late 
           fifties.  Winter looks west.

                                 WINTER
                        Is the typewriter in there?

           The Old Man blanches and his eyes widen.  Winter points to 
           the closed door on the west wall with the muzzle of his gun.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Show me.

           The Old Man walks toward the door; Winter follows.  Upon the 
           nearby turntable, the Doo-Wop singers harmonize richly.  The 
           Old Man grabs the doorknob.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Slow.
           The Old Man slowly turns the knob and pushes open the door, 
           CREAK.  Winter surveys the revealed space, which contains a 
           narrow twin bed, a rolling chair and a large metal desk upon 
           which rests a glaring lamp and a black cast-iron typewriter.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Get inside.

           The Typist leads Winter into the room.

           INT. THE TYPIST’S PRIVATE ROOM - SAME

           The detective focuses on the north wall, where sits a stone 
           fireplace that is filled with black ashes and charred bits of 
           paper.  For a moment, he ruminates.

                                 WINTER
                        People in the organization drop off 
                        letters--anonymous ones or with 
                        fake names--and you retype them, 
                        burn the originals, and put the new 
                        ones in pickup boxes.
                            (he approaches the Typist)
                        There are no names, no direct 
                        communications, no fingerprints or 
                        DNA samples-- nothing that can tie 
                        the bosses to the thugs or the 
                        thugs to the people who’re being 
                        blackmailed.  It’s all wiped clean 
                        by this-

           Winter KICKS the desk; the typewriter RINGS.  The Typist, 
           frightened, stares at the masked intruder.

                                 THE TYPIST
                        I n-never did anything wrong.  All- 
                        all- all I did was type.  I just-

                                 WINTER
                        Who runs this organization?

                                 THE TYPIST
                        I don’t know.

           Winter takes the bundle from his jacket, unrolls it, 
           withdraws Janacek’s chef knife and pokes the point of the 
           blade into the Typist’s forehead.  The old man YELLS, 
           stumbles back and falls onto his buttocks, THUMP.

                                 WINTER
                        Tell me!

                                 THE TYPIST 
                        I don’t know, I swear!
           Winters believes the Typist.

                                 WINTER
                        How are the letters sorted?  Each 
                        is from somebody and to somebody.

                                 THE TYPIST
                        A letter--X, Y or Z--followed by a 
                        number.

                                 WINTER
                        Are the letters separate groups-- a 
                        hierarchy?

                                 THE TYPIST
                        Yes.

                                 WINTER 
                        Which one gives the orders?

           A line of blood steals down the Typist’s mottled forehead, 
           pools in his left eyebrow and drips down his cheek.

                                 THE TYPIST
                        Z.

                                 WINTER
                        How many in that group?

                                 THE TYPIST
                        There’s only one now.  Been that 
                        way for fifteen years.

           Winter secrets the knife, helps the Typist to his feet, walks 
           him to the rolling chair and sits him down.

                                 WINTER 
                        When’s Z’s next pickup?

           The Typist looks at a slim grandfather clock; it reads 9:43.

                                 THE TYPIST
                        Seventeen minutes.  Every two hours 
                        they check their box.

                                 WINTER
                        Do they come by car?

           The Typist nods his head.  With the tip of his gun, Winter 
           points to a door on the far side of the twin mattress. 

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Is that a closet?
           INT. TURQUOISE BUILDING / FRONT ENTRYWAY - MOMENTS LATER

           Car headlights shine through the HISSING rain and into the 
           hallway.  The dual beacons die.

           A moment later, a car door shuts, THUNK.  Hard-soled shoes 
           SPLASH and CLACK upon flooded flagstones.  The front door 
           CLICKS and swings open.  A BLACK MAN of thirty, wearing a 
           trench coat and collapsing a wet umbrella, walks inside.

                                 BLACK MAN
                            (into his wireless phone)
                        And how did that make you feel?

           He shuts the door, sets the umbrella down, slots a key into 
           the next lock and twists.

                                 BLACK MAN (CONT'D)
                        And how did that make you feel?

           The Black Man enters the tiled foyer.  From his JINGLING 
           keys, he selects one marked 4C and inserts it into the 
           mailbox next to the one that Winter examined.  He opens the 
           door--it SQUEAKS--raises a hidden flap in the rear and sees 
           two small sealed envelopes, each of which is marked, ‘Z.’

                                 BLACK MAN (CONT'D)
                        And why do you think you did that?

           The Black Man closes the mailbox, locks it, CLICK, and 
           pockets his keys.  He walks through the blue door, picks up 
           his umbrella and exits the building.  The deluge ROARS.

           EXT. TURQUOISE BUILDING - SAME

           Underneath the overhang, the Black Man opens his umbrella, 
           and raises it.  He SPLASHES across the wet flagstones to his 
           blue truck, opens the door and climbs inside.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        And why do you think you did that?

           INT. BLUE TRUCK - SAME

           The Black Man closes his umbrella, shakes it, tosses it in 
           the backseat and shuts the driver’s door, THUNK.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        And how did that make you feel?

           A hand grabs the Black Man’s wireless device and phone; the 
           muzzle of a gun presses into his nape.  He glances into the 
           rearview mirror and sees a person wearing a black ski mask.
                                 WINTER
                        Be still and be quiet.

           Winter opens a back door and tosses out the phone; it skips 
           across the flooded street and is submerged.  He shuts the 
           door, THUNK.

                                 BLACK MAN 
                        Take the keys-- it’s a rental and y-

                                 WINTER
                        Where are you taking those letters?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        Over to the mansion.

                                 WINTER
                        Whose mansion?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        I don’t know.

                                 WINTER
                        You don’t know who you work for?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        I’m a therapist-- I’m covering for 
                        Chris while he’s in Thailand.  He 
                        didn’t tell me who lives there-- I 
                        just drop the letters off at the 
                        gate and go.

           Winter points his gun at the windshield.

                                 WINTER
                        Drive.  Do the regular drop-off.

           The Black Man starts the engine.  Winter sits back, points 
           his gun at the driver’s leg, and with his right hand 
           withdraws his cellphone.  He opens it, dials to the ‘Contact’ 
           menu, highlights the name ‘Benjamin’ and presses connect.  As 
           the truck glides forward, Winter sets the phone to his ear.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Call me.

           Winter cuts the line.  He looks at the menu, scrolls down, 
           highlights the name, ‘Isabella’ and presses connect.  After 
           he CLEARS his throat, he presses the phone to his ear.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Please call me as soon as you get 
                        this message-- it’s urgent.  Your 
                        husband has gone missing and I want 
                        to make sure you’re okay.
           Winter SNAPS the cellphone shut and looks out into the 
           HISSING night.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        Sounds like you’re involved with 
                        some situations.

           Winter ignores the comment.

                                 BLACK MAN (CONT'D)
                        How does that make you feel?

                                 WINTER
                        Shut up.

           EXT. WESTCHESTER / WINDING ROAD - LATER

           Headlights flash upon a dripping sign that reads, 
           ‘Westchester’.  Along the winding and flooded road, the blue 
           truck ROARS; HISSING water sprays from its thick tires.

           INT. BLUE TRUCK - LATER

           The Black Man guides the vehicle toward a wooded area.  
           Winter (holding his gun with his right hand) writes on his 
           note pad, “--make left @ sunken pond --follow winding road.” 

                                 WINTER
                        No street names in this area?

           Headlights play upon dripping trees, but cannot penetrate the 
           deep woods.  Rain HISSES.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        None.

           Onto an unlighted side street, the Black Man steers the 
           vehicle.  Branches CLICK against the windows like arboreal 
           fingers.  The truck tilts backward as it ascends.

           Winter looks ahead.  Through the windshield he sees a huge 
           white mansion that is surrounded by a ten foot tall stone 
           wall of the same color.  Neither display a numerical address.

                                 WINTER 
                        Go slow.

           The blue truck creeps at a speed no faster than that of 
           walking; the driver points to the rolling iron gate.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        The box is next to that.
                                 WINTER
                        There’s a camera?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        Yes.

                                 WINTER
                        Lock the doors.

           The Black Man presses a button; locks constrict, CLACK, 
           CLACK, CLACK, CLACK.  Winter looks forward.  Beyond the 
           windshield, the white wall and the mansion grow.  The 
           detective crouches behind the driver’s seat, out of view.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Drive up to the mailbox, drop off 
                        the letters and drive away.  If you 
                        unlock these doors or give a 
                        signal, I will shoot you.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        I’m not an idiot.

           Winter watches skeletal tree branches glide past the windows.  
           In his pocket, his cellphone BUZZES.  He pulls out the 
           device, looks at it and is stunned.  Flashing upon the 
           display is the name ‘Benjamin.’  The cellphone BUZZES again.

           The Black Man lowers his window and raises the letters.  
           Winter unfolds his phone and presses it to his ear.  In front 
           of the gate, the blue truck stops.

                                 WINTER
                            (whispered into the phone)
                        Are you okay?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        I’m here drop off some letters.

                                 MALE VOICE THROUGH SPEAKER (O.S.)
                        Go ahead.

           Relief floods through Winter as he listens to his partner.

                                 WINTER
                            (whispered into the phone)
                        Where are you?

           Winter glances forward; the Black Man slides the letters into 
           a stainless steel mailbox.

                                 BLACK MAN
                        Thanks.  ‘Night.

           The truck veers around the driveway.  Winter observes the 
           driver as he listens to his partner.
                                 WINTER
                            (whispered into the phone)
                        You shot them?
                            (he listens)
                        But your family’s okay?  Your wife 
                        and girl are-
                            (he listens)
                        Thank God.

           The rain dwindles.  Wet tree limbs reach toward the windows 
           and claw at the glass, CLICK-CLICK-CLICK-CLICK.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                            (whispered into the phone)
                        Any officers on the scene yet?
                            (he listens)
                        You’re right.  I’ll head down there 
                        right now.
                            (he listens)
                        Twenty, twenty-five minutes.

           Relieved, Winter SNAPS his phone shut.  The blue truck 
           emerges from the trees; rain CRACKLES upon the glass.  The 
           crouching detective reclaims his seat.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Do you have any more pickups 
                        tonight?

                                 BLACK MAN
                        No.  Somebody else starts at 
                        midnight.

                                 WINTER
                        Drive to Brooklyn.

           The Black Man mutters inaudible imprecations and accelerates 
           onto the cross street.  Winter looks at the pale circle that 
           his wedding band left upon his ring finger and ruminates.

           INT. BLUE TRUCK - LATER

           Rain HISSES.  The truck speeds down Franklin D. Roosevelt 
           Drive, which is flooded and nearly empty.  Winter, wearing 
           his ski mask, watches the watery lights of the Manhattan 
           skyline.  He looks down, highlights the name ‘Isabella,’ 
           thumbs a connection and raises the cellphone to his left ear.

                                 WINTER
                        It’s me again.  Call whenever you 
                        get this-- it’s urgent.  Bye.

           The detective cuts off the connection and pockets the phone 
           inside his windbreaker.  Suspicion clouds his eyes.  
           Rain CRACKLES upon the windows and turns the city into 
           stained glass.  The cuckolded man stares at his naked ring 
           finger.

           EXT. COBBLESTONE STREET WITH GAS LANTERNS - LATER

           Rain HISSES.  Winter secrets his ski mask as he walks onto 
           the quiet Brooklyn street, his left hand nestled within the 
           pocket of his windbreaker, his mind full of dark suspicions. 
           Upon the cobblestones, his shoes SPLASH.  The gas flames of 
           street lanterns flicker behind dappled glass, turning the 
           Victorian facades into amber and black bas reliefs.  He 
           surveys the shadows as he strides.

           From a darkened space at the end of the block emerges a MAN 
           whose top half is thrown into black shadow by the umbrella he 
           holds.  Winter pauses, adjusts his left hand within his 
           jacket and appraises the wraith through the HISSING rain.

                                 WINTER
                        Benjamin?

           Water runs down Winter’s face as he gauges the distant, 
           shadow-obscured Man who holds the umbrella.  The rain HISSES.  

                                 BENJAMIN
                        It’s me.  You okay?

                                 WINTER
                        Wet, but fine.

           Winter walks toward his partner.  His shoes impact the 
           flooded cobblestones, SPLASH, SPLASH, SPLASH.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        There’s a device that helps defend 
                        against precipitation.

                                 WINTER
                        A roof?

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Smaller.  You can carry it around 
                        and poke people with it.  Do 
                        musicals.

           Winter forces a grin.  Across the flooded stones, his shoes 
           SPLASH.  Benjamin’s top half remains concealed by shadow.

                                 WINTER
                        You must mean an umbrella.

           A distance of sixty feet separates the two men.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        You’ve heard of it?
                                 WINTER
                        There’s a website.

           A distance of fifty-five feet separates the detectives.  
           Winter looks underneath the umbrella, but can see neither 
           Benjamin’s face nor hands.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        How’s Isabella doing?

           Rain HISSES.  Winter walks, shoes SPLASHING.  The silhouette 
           underneath the umbrella is silent for a brief duration.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        She’s fine.  Shaken up...but doing  
                        better.

           A distance of forty-five feet separates the detectives.  
           Winter walks, shoes SPLASHING.  Apprehension tugs his guts.

                                 WINTER
                        Thank God you were able to get free 
                        and overpower the guys.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Yeah.

           The shadowed-obscured man pivots and extends his left arm.  
           He points at the nearby brownstone.

                                 BENJAMIN (CONT'D)
                        It’s a mess in there.

                                 WINTER
                        Whatever’s in there we can take 
                        care of together.

           A distance of thirty-five feet separates the two detectives.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Right?

           Reflected lamp light glimmers underneath the umbrella.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Don’t!

           A gun barrel emerges from the shadow.

           Winter’s left pocket bursts, BANG.

           Benjamin GRUNTS and tumbles backward.  The umbrella falls 
           away and reveals his red-eyed face, covered with tears.  His 
           back SLAMS into a street lantern, and he raises his gun.
                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        No!

           Winter squeezes his trigger, BANG.  The bullet slices across 
           the side of Benjamin’s head; blood sprays.  The black 
           detective stumbles to the side, falls upon his back, SPLASH, 
           and fires his gun into the air, CRACK.  A lantern SHATTERS.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Ben!

           Winter races to Benjamin’s side and drops to his knees, 
           SPLASH.  Agonized eyes stare up at the blonde man.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Th-three guys in there.  They 
                        have...have Isabella, Sofia and 
                        Lisa.

           Winter looks at the side of Benjamin’s skull and sees white 
           bone and the matter that lies beyond.  A terrible despair 
           fills the blonde detective.  Rain POPS as it strikes the open 
           flames of the broken gas lantern.

                                 WINTER
                        You’re going to be okay.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        The fuck I will.  Save them.  Now.  
                        Please, please.

                                 WINTER
                        I will.

           Benjamin closes his eyes and trembles.  Rain POPS.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        I’m sorry that I-

                                 WINTER
                        You don’t need to apologize.  I 
                        know what happened.

                                 BENJAMIN
                        Thanks.
                            (he trembles)
                        I’ll...I’ll see you in-

           Benjamin does not complete his sentence.

           For a horrible moment, Winter is suffocated by the death of 
           his partner and closest friend.  Rain POPS and HISSES.

           Winter inhales and looks at the brownstone in which Lisa 
           Kilner lives.  Across the sidewalk and into the enclosed 
           patio, the detective drags the body.  
           Falling rain washes Benjamin’s wounds clean, revealing white 
           bone and pink tissue.

           EXT. ALLEYWAY BEHIND LISA’S BROWNSTONE - MOMENTS LATER

           Rain HISSES.  Winter reaches a dripping iron gate against 
           which swollen plastic bags of garbage and recyclables are 
           huddled like obese jellyfish.  He climbs up the bars, throws 
           his right leg over the top and slips on the wet metal, 
           SQUEAK.  A spike pierces his left thigh.  He grimaces, 
           suppressing the yell that would normally come.

           After repositioning his grip, Winter jerks his leg free, 
           GRUNTS and leaps to the far side.  His feet strike plastic 
           bags; his knees buckle, and he keels over, THUMP.

           Winter stands up, wobbles, pulls a jutting pencil out of his 
           shoulder and tosses it.  From his punctured left thigh drains 
           dark blood.  He tears open a garbage bag and surveys its 
           contents: Amidst rotten vegetables and fruit is an old shirt.  
           He takes the garment and ties it around his leg wound.

           Gun in his left hand, Winter limps forward, gritting his 
           teeth, pained.  He passes a window, two blue mopeds, another 
           window and reaches his destination, the far apartment.

           He peers through the window.  The room beyond--Lisa’s den--is 
           dark and quiet.  Winter tries to open the pane, but finds 
           that it is locked.

           The detective presses his right shoulder against the adjacent 
           wall, withdraws the chef knife and taps the edge of the pane 
           with its tip, CLICK-CLICK.

           Holding the blade in his left hand and the gun in his right, 
           he waits.  Water drips from his face and the knife and the 
           revolver; nearby, rain washes his blood from the spike.

           Muted FOOTSTEPS sound within the apartment.  Presently, a 
           dense shadow fills the window.  A latch CLICKS.  The window 
           slides open.  Winter, flush against the adjacent wall, 
           watches.  The Big Blonde Man, holding a gun in his right 
           hand, leans his head outside and surveys the alley.

           Winter plunges the chef knife into his throat.  The Big 
           Blonde Man tries to scream, but his severed vocal cords only 
           admit a brief wet SQUEAK.

           The detective releases the knife handle, grabs the GURGLING 
           fellow’s hair and yanks him outside.  The large man SLAMS 
           onto the alley floor.  Winter kicks the man’s jaw; bone 
           SNAPS.  The Big Blonde Man loses consciousness.

           Winter looks into the dark den: It is quiet and still.  
           He turns back to the Big Blonde Man, draws the knife from his 
           neck and turns him over.  Blood drains from his sliced throat 
           into the garbage-strewn alley.

           Presently, Winter sets his knife and revolver upon the window 
           ledge, grabs the sides of the frame and pulls himself up.  
           The exertion causes his hurt leg to twitch.

           INT. LISA KILNER’S DEN - SAME

           Winter climbs through the portal, steps onto the shag rug, 
           shuts the window, reclaims his weapons and examines the dark 
           den.  Upon the far side of the room, he sees a closed door.  
           Light glows at its bottom edge.

           Gun raised, Winter limps forward.  He passes by the 
           children’s book that features the fire-fighting octopus.

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.)
                        Go check.

           Winter pauses.  Beyond the closed door, FOOTSTEPS echo.

           The detective prostrates himself beside the paisley couch.  
           The FOOTSTEPS stop and a doorknob RATTLES.

                                 MALE VOICE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        Leave it open.

           A door CREAKS.  Winter peers around the bottom of the sofa.  

           The Japanese Man with White Hair, holding a semi-automatic 
           pistol, walks into the den.  Inside the lighted bedroom and 
           facedown on the floor are Sofia and Isabella, stripped naked. 
           Upright syringes jut from their backs, filled with drawn 
           blood or--above their kidneys--urine.  Upon the bed lies 
           Lisa, unconscious, her face covered with blood, a piece of 
           cartilage jutting from her right nostril and a syringe in her 
           left eye.

           Sickened and enraged, Winter turns from the hideous tableau.

           The Japanese Man cautiously walks toward the couch.  He 
           descries the wet marks on the carpet--Winter’s footprints--
           and pauses.

           A hand reaches out, grabs the Japanese Man’s right wrist and 
           points his gun at the ground.  A knife pierces his throat.  
           The Japanese Man GURGLES and fires a muted shot into the rug, 
           POP.  Winter twists the buried blade; vertebrae separate, 
           CRACKLING.  The horrified Asian falls onto his back, THUMP.

           Winter looks at the bedroom. 

           The Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes SLAMS the door.
           A lock CLICKS.

           Winter points his gun, runs to the door, raises his boot and 
           KICKS the handle.  Wood CRACKS.  On the other side of the 
           barrier, something CREAKS and CLACKS.

           Again, Winter KICKS the knob.  Wood CRACKS.  He SLAMS his 
           shoulder into the middle of the door.

           INT. LISA KILNER’S BEDROOM - SAME

           The frame bulges.  Wood SHATTERS and the door flies open.  
           The detective, pointing his gun forward, surveys the room.

           Across from him is a large window that faces an alleyway.  
           Slanted rain HISSES through the open portal.  Outside, a red 
           light shines.

           Winter races to the open window and looks through.  On the 
           far side of an abutting alley are two red taillights, bright 
           demon eyes.  A moment later, they vanish, accompanied by the 
           sound of SQUEALING tires.  Rain HISSES.

                                 WINTER
                        Goddammit.

           Winter turns around and kneels beside Isabella.  The gagged 
           woman lifts her head and looks at the detective, her eyes 
           wide with fear.  Upon her back, red and yellow syringes 
           quiver like porcupine quills.

           Winter removes the gag from Isabella’s mouth.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Let me take these out before you 
                        try to get up.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Okay.

           Winter plucks a urine-filled syringe from her right kidney 
           and sets it aside.  Isabella glances at her pale and 
           unconscious daughter and Lisa, who is beaten but breathing.  
           After a brief appraisal, the Hispanic woman glances at her 
           husband’s partner.  He draws and discards a second syringe.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        You were not fooled...by Benjamin.

                                 WINTER
                        I wasn’t.

                                 ISABELLA
                        He is...he is gone?
           Winter opens his mouth to reply, but is momentarily 
           speechless.  He pulls another syringe from Isabella’s back 
           and discards it.

                                 WINTER
                        He’s gone.

           Isabella lowers her face to the floor.  Upon the wood below 
           her eyes, tears DRIP and collect in small pools.  Her 
           shoulders hitch.  Winter withdraws another syringe.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I’m sorry.

                                 ISABELLA 
                        You had to push and push and push 
                        until...until...this...
                            (she SNIFFS and shakes her 
                             head)
                        I wish...I wish you weren’t such a 
                        good detective.

           Winter extracts the remaining two syringes from Isabella’s 
           back and discards them.  Tears sparkle in his eyes.

                                 WINTER
                        Me too.

           INT. WINTER’S CAR - LATER

           Numb and withdrawn, Winter drives his blue hybrid up the West 
           Side Highway.  The windshield wipers struggle against the 
           precipitation, and the Hudson river percolates.  The additive 
           meter instrumental section of a progressive rock song combats 
           the sound of CRACKLING rain.

           Winter glances at the CD player and CLICKS a button.  The 
           music dies, and he drives in silence.

           INT. THE TYPIST’S PRIVATE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Winter, wet and wearing the ski mask, enters the Typist’s 
           private room.  He walks to the closet, twists the turn-key, 
           CLACK, and opens the door.  Handcuffed and fettered to the 
           rolling chair is the gagged Typist.  The trembling old man 
           squints.  Winter yanks the gag.

                                 THE TYPIST
                        I was-

                                 WINTER 
                        Group X.  These are rich people and 
                        policemen who were coerced, right?
           The Typist nods.  Winter grabs the back of the chair and 
           rolls the old man out of the closet.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        How many people are in group X?

                                 TYPIST
                        Three hundred and eighty-nine.

           Winter is surprised by the figure.

                                 WINTER
                        All of them pick up here?

                                 TYPIST
                        No.  The X letters are picked up en 
                        masse--at noon and midnight--and 
                        distributed to other drop-offs.

                                 WINTER
                        You’re going to type letters to the 
                        people in group X and inform them 
                        that organization has folded.

           Winter rolls the Typist to the desk.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Group Y.  These are the guys who 
                        pick the targets, set the hooks, 
                        right?  The thugs who profit?

           The Typist nods.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        How many of them are there?

                                 TYPIST
                        Twenty-nine.

                                 WINTER
                        Tell them to halt operations and 
                        refrain from any further 
                        correspondence.  On January second, 
                        two thousand twelve, they are to 
                        contact Sergeant Arthur of Precinct 
                        Nineteen.  He is part of the group 
                        and will explain the new 
                        communications system to them.

           The Typist opens a deep metal drawer that contains thousands 
           of blank envelopes and twelve reams of paper.  He takes a 
           single sheet, slides it into the cast iron typewriter and 
           twists the roller, CLICK-CLICK-CLICK-CLICK-CLICK.
                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        First, you’re going to type a 
                        letter to Z.

           INT. VICTOR’S MANSION / LIBRARY - JUST BEFORE DAWN

           Upon the oblong skylight that is embedded in the ceiling of 
           the dark library, erratic raindrops SPLATTER.  Victor, seated 
           in his brass-and-ivory wheelchair, stares at the protective 
           glass; the dark purple light of the predawn sky colors his 
           face, highlighting veins.  The disabled herbivore wears 
           neither his glass eye nor his prosthetic left hand, but 
           instead a weathered gray robe.

                                 VICTOR
                        What time is it over there?

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        About midnight.

           Victor glances at the white speakerphone that sits upon a 
           table of petrified wood.

                                 VICTOR
                        Did I wake you?

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        It’s okay.  Did you have another 
                        nightmare?

                                 VICTOR
                        I did.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Was it about the war?  In the camp?

           Victor’s lone eye surveys the massive private library and 
           fixes upon the stump at the terminus of his left arm.  Above 
           him, raindrops TAP the glass.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        Victor?

                                 VICTOR
                        It was so real.  So much more vivid 
                        than all of this.  Like this life 
                        is the dream- or the afterlife of 
                        back then.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                            (concerned)
                        Do you want me to come back?  I can-
                                 VICTOR
                        No, absolutely not.  You and Aunt 
                        Beatrice should enjoy Hawaii.  I 
                        just...I just wanted to hear your 
                        voice.
                            (he rubs the end of his 
                             truncated arm)
                        It helps me tell what’s real.

           Victor looks at the east wall, upon which hang six framed 
           black-and-white pictures of his army platoon.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        Thank you for flying us out here.  
                        It’s so gorgeous, you wouldn’t 
                        believe it.

                                 VICTOR
                        You’re welcome.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        You should come out next time.

                                 VICTOR
                        Maybe.  Go back to sleep Ma-- I’m 
                        sorry that I woke you.

                                 ELDERLY WOMAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
                        You can always call.  I love you.

           Victor looks at the white speakerphone.

                                 VICTOR
                        I love you too.

           Victor reaches out and cuts the connection, CLICK.  Upon the 
           skylight, rain TAPS like an insistent insect.

           INT. VICTOR’S MANSION / DINING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER

           Victor emerges from an elevator and rolls into the vast 
           dining room, equally employing his stump and right hand for 
           the task.  Upon the table lies a cup of steaming coffee, a 
           sectioned grapefruit, an envelope that is marked with the 
           letter ‘Z’ and a letter opener.  He glances at the missive.

                                 VICTOR
                        Gloria?

                                 GLORIA (O.S.)
                        Yes, Mr. Victor?

                                 VICTOR
                        When did this letter arrive?
                                 GLORIA (O.S.)
                        About two hours ago.

           Victor reaches the dining room table, withdraws a pair of 
           glasses (which have a regular lens and a black lens) and 
           slides them onto his weathered face.

                                 GLORIA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                        Should I have gotten you up?

                                 VICTOR
                        No, no.  It’s hard enough for me to 
                        sleep as it is.

           Victor claims the letter opener, inserts it into the sealed 
           envelope and slices open the flap, RIP.  A folded letter and 
           two driver’s licences fall upon the table.  The faces that 
           stare up at him are those of the Japanese Man with White Hair 
           and the Big Blonde Man.  The laminates are flecked with dried 
           blood.

           Victor slides the driver’s licenses into the left pocket of 
           his gray robe and examines the type-written letter.

           “October 17.  We will kill these two men unless you meet us 
           today in front of the Typist’s building at 3PM.  Come alone.”

           Calmly accepting the threat, Victor secrets the letter in his 
           robe pocket.  He looks at the kitchen doorway.

                                 VICTOR (CONT'D)
                        Gloria?

                                 GLORIA (O.S.)
                        Mr. Victor?

                                 VICTOR
                        Set the fire in the parlor.  And 
                        please pack my suitcase.
                            (he rolls back from the 
                             dining room table)
                        I am going to meet my Mother and 
                        Aunt Beatrice in Hawaii.

           EXT. WHITE MANSION SURROUNDED BY TEN FOOT WALL - DAWN

           The dawn sky is a deep lavender hue that paints the wall and 
           limousine the color of a bruise.  In the center of the 
           barbican is an iron gate that slowly rolls to the east.  Like 
           something aquatic, the luxury vehicle glides forward and 
           passes through the opening.
           INT. VICTOR’S WHITE LIMOUSINE - SAME

           Victor, seated in the isolated rear of the limousine and 
           wearing a dark gray suit, opens the wooden box that lies in 
           his lap, revealing a Smith and Wesson .38 Army revolver.

           The car tilts forward.  The disabled man looks at the bank of 
           television monitors embedded in the ceiling and sees the 
           purple wall, the purple street and the purple woods.  Outside 
           the tinted windows, leafless tree branches sweep past.

           The luxury vehicle continues down the wooded road, smoothly, 
           as if afloat.  The monitor that depicts the rearview shows 
           the gate reverse directions and close.  Victor’s lone eye 
           observes the digital images and the sides of the road.

           The vehicle slows down.  Victor looks at the forward monitor 
           and sees something lying across the road-- a dark oblong.  He 
           CLICKS the intercom button.

                                 VICTOR
                        Do not slow down.

                                 DRIVER (O.S.)
                        There’s a tree in the middle of the 
                        road.

           Victor looks at the rearview monitor; the iron gate closes, 
           CLANK.  He presses the intercom button, CLICK.

                                 VICTOR
                        Drive onto the side of the-

           A dark blue cargo van emerges from the woods, ROARING, and 
           blocks off the street.

           INT. BROWN CARGO VAN - SAME

           Tires SCREECH.  Seated on the bench of the van is Winter, 
           wearing his ski mask and gripping the Japanese Man’s pistol.  
           The Dhanikov brothers, wearing stockings over their faces and 
           coiled ponytails, sit up front.

           The younger sibling leans through the passenger window, aims 
           his machine gun and squeezes the trigger.  Gunfire CRACKLES 
           and scores of expelled shells CLINK against the interior 
           roof.  Outside, the limousine’s tires BURST.  Lavender smoke 
           rises from the perforated hood.

           Winter throws the sliding door wide and presses his right 
           shoulder to it, gun in his left hand.

                                 WINTER
                        Come out right now!  Hands raised!
           The limousine’s front door opens.  From the vehicle emerges a 
           silver-haired DRIVER, a Hispanic man with a bloody nose and a 
           busted lip.  His trembling hands are upraised.

                                 DRIVER
                        Please don’t hurt us!  You can-

                                 WINTER
                        Tell your passenger to step outside 
                        of the vehicle right now!

                                 DRIVER
                        He can’t.

                                 WINTER
                        Why not?

                                 DRIVER
                        He’s disabled.  He has a wheelchair 
                        in the trunk.

                                 WINTER
                        Then go help him.

           The Driver walks toward the rear of the limousine.  Winter 
           watches him closely, as does the younger Dhanikov.  The 
           Hispanic man reaches the trunk.

           Two gunshots ring out, BANG, BANG.  Winter and the Dhanikovs 
           shield themselves; the Driver drops to the pavement.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Throw down your weapon or we will 
                        obliterate your fucking car!

           A ponderous silence follows.

           Winter glances outside and sees two bullet holes in the roof 
           of the limousine, from which climb dual wisps of lavender 
           smoke.  A grim thought occurs to the detective.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Driver.

           The prone Hispanic lifts his head and looks at the van.

                                 DRIVER
                        Yes?

                                 WINTER
                        Go check on your passenger.

           The Driver, shaken and fearful, rises to his feet and walks 
           to the rear door.  Inside the van, Winter and the Dhanikovs 
           watch.  The Hispanic fellow looks into the tinted window and 
           freezes.  His face pales.
                                 DRIVER
                        No.  He...he...he-

                                 WINTER
                        Open up the door and step away.

           The Driver opens the door and withdraws.  Inside the vehicle 
           is a dead man who has one hand and thin warped legs; the top 
           of his head is a blasted crater in which the barrel of a 
           revolver is lodged.  Gore drips from the car ceiling.

           Winter SLAMS the sliding door, looks at the older Dhanikov 
           and nods.  The Russian-American shifts the van into drive, 
           CLACK-CLICK, and steps on the accelerator.  Bare branches 
           SCRATCH against the hull.  Winter sits on the bench.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        Drop me off at my car and chop this 
                        van.

           The engine ROARS.  Skeletal branches release the vehicle.

           EXT. POLICE PRECINCT 19 - EARLY MORNING

           The blue hybrid is parked on the street outside Precinct 19.  
           Seated within the vehicle is Winter, alone, cradling a travel 
           mug of coffee, his eyes focused on his rearview mirror.  
           Sergeant Arthur, wearing corduroys pants and a brown sweater 
           with blue stripes, approaches the detective’s car.

           INT. WINTER’S CAR - SAME

           The gray-haired black man enters the vehicle, sits down and 
           shuts the door, THUNK.  He looks at the weary blonde 
           detective and shakes his head.

                                 SERGEANT ARTHUR
                        I’m sorry about Benjamin.  I can’t 
                        believe these guys went after his 
                        family like-

                                 WINTER
                        I know about the extortion ring, 
                        and I know that you were involved.

           Sergeant Arthur freezes.  He look at his top detective, 
           guarded and fearful.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        I know you didn’t have a choice.  I 
                        was at your wedding-- what do you 
                        have, about sixty people in your 
                        family?
                                 SERGEANT
                        More now.

                                 WINTER
                        Benjamin and I got at the source.  
                        The group’s been dismantled.

           Hope glimmers in the Sergeant’s eyes.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        The next letter that you get will 
                        confirm this.

           The Sergeant wipes tears from his eyes, SNIFFS and nods.

                                 SERGEANT
                        Thank you.  Thank you.  My God.  
                        This-
                            (he pats his gray hair)
                        This was black when those creeps 
                        first hooked me.

                                 WINTER
                        On January second, the remaining 
                        kidnappers and murderers will 
                        contact you.  Twenty-six guys, I 
                        believe.

           The Sergeant is unsettled by this information.

                                 SERGEANT
                        For what...?

                                 WINTER
                        They’ve been told that the group is 
                        reorganizing and that you are their 
                        new contact.

           The Sergeant’s eyes narrow.  After a moment of dark 
           contemplation, he nods his head.

                                 SERGEANT
                        I understand.

           INT. TAYLOR, GATINO, GOLDSTEIN & FERGUSON, LLC. / CONFERENCE 
           ROOM FOUR - MORNING

           Winter stands in the conference room at the law firm where 
           his ex-wife and Goldstein work.  He stares at the city 
           outside, which scintillates after its long bath.

                                 GOLDSTEIN (O.S.)
                        Come back to punch me in the nose?
           Winter turns around and faces Goldstein, who enters the room 
           wearing a brown tweed suit and a guarded grin.  The tall 
           lawyer shuts the door, THUNK, and approaches the detective.

                                 WINTER
                        By Monday it’ll be safe for Evelyn 
                        to come back to work-- the 
                        situation’s been resolved.

           Relief lightens Goldstein’s face; his smile is young, boyish.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Thank you for telling me this.
                        I know it can’t be easy to deal 
                        with me directly.

                                 WINTER
                        It’s not easy.  But...well...it’s 
                        obvious that you care for her.

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        Deeply.

                                 WINTER
                        She should have that.
                            (he nods his head)
                        Is...is it a boy or a girl?

                                 GOLDSTEIN
                        It’s a girl.

                                 WINTER
                        That’s-

           Winter’s voice catches.  He turns away and faces the window.  
           Outside, the washed city shines.  Goldstein looks at the 
           weary detective and feels a deep pang of remorse.

           INT. WINTER AND EVELYN’S APARTMENT / BEDROOM - MORNING

           Winter, wearing bandages on his hurt thigh and shoulder and 
           also boxer shorts, limps across the sunlit bedroom and lowers 
           the blinds, CLICK-CLICK-CLICK-CLICK-CLICK.  Darkness expands.

           He looks at the empty bed and climbs underneath the blanket.  
           A white blur bounds onto the mattress, THUMP, and solidifies 
           as Empress.  The Persian cat walks in a circle, nestles 
           beside Winter’s hurt leg and PURRS.

           Titlecard: January 2, 2012.  New York City.
           EXT. GENTLE CARESSES - AFTERNOON

           Upon the gray concrete facade of the strip club is a woman’s 
           glove rendered in lavender neon.  The front door opens and 
           the Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes, wearing a long gray coat 
           and sunglasses, emerges.  After a momentary appraisal of the 
           area, he pulls leather gloves over his hands and walks east.

           The Burned Man stops beside a pay phone, withdraws a folded 
           note, opens it up, examines it and replaces it in his pocket. 

           Ten yards away, Tara, the dancer who inherited Winter’s 
           wedding band, STOMPS on a cigarette--eliciting sparks that 
           SIZZLE in the gray snow--and enters the club.

           The Burned Man raises the yellow receiver, surveys his 
           surroundings and reaches into his pocket.  Metal JINGLES.  
           Into the coin slot, he slides two quarters, which CLICK and 
           CLACK in the guts of the device.  

           The Burned Man dials and presses the phone to his purplish-
           red left ear.

                                 BURNED MAN
                        Sergeant Arthur.  This is Y4.
                            (he listens)
                        Yes.
                            (he listens)
                        Yes.  I am familiar with that drop-
                        off.

           EXT. DESOLATE STREET IN WASHINGTON HEIGHTS - TWILIGHT

           Twilight turns the dingy blankets of snow into gold clay.  
           The Burned Man with Mismatched Eyes walks downhill, 
           navigating a narrow, badly-rendered path in the accumulation.

           In front of the unnumbered three-story brownstone, he pauses.  
           He examines the boarded-up facade with his mismatched eyes, 
           wherein suns sit like dots of gold fire.  At the top of the 
           stoop stands the repaired front door.

           After a quick appraisal of his environs, the Burned Man 
           strides toward the building, snow CRUNCHING beneath his black 
           leather shoes.  He reaches the stoop, removes his sunglasses, 
           secrets his right hand underneath his coat and ascends five 
           steps, watchful.

           Withdrawing his silencer-fitted gun, he grabs the doorknob 
           and twists counterclockwise, CLACK.  It opens.
           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FRONT ROOM - SAME

           Gun pointing forward, the Burned Man enters the building.  He 
           surveys the dilapidate enclosure, but sees nothing that 
           concerns him.  Somewhere within, water DRIPS.

           Up the dark hall, he walks.  Twilight glows at the far end of 
           the passage, highlighting cracked paint and missing bricks.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FIRST FLOOR LANDING - SAME

           The Burned Man reaches the landing.  He looks to the right, 
           where lies the incomplete stairwell, and points his gun up 
           into the darkness.  He thumbs the hammer, CLICK-CLICK and 
           waits.  Nothing happens.  Water drips through the void 
           created by missing steps.  He lowers the hammer, CLICK-CLICK.

           With his free left hand, the Burned Man fishes inside his 
           pocket and withdraws a metal ring, which holds sixty JINGLING 
           mailbox keys, every one of which is numbered.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / SECOND FLOOR LANDING - SAME

           Standing on the landing above the chasm and concealed by 
           darkness are Janacek and Menendez, wearing bulletproof vests 
           and holding machine guns.  They aim their weapons at the 
           Burned Man, who is twenty feet away.

           The target selects a key from his JINGLING ring and turns 
           toward the mailboxes, secreting his gun.  Twilight glimmers 
           upon his waxy skin.

           The Burned Man inserts his key, CLICK.  Janacek and Menendez 
           squeeze their triggers.  White gunfire CRACKLES.

           The Burned Man SLAMS into the metal mailboxes; his nose 
           SNAPS.  Bullets CRACK his spine.  The gunfire stops.

                                 JANACEK
                        Fuck you, you sick fuck!

           Tears roll down Janacek’s face.  He points his gun at the 
           target’s head.

           INT. DECAYING BROWNSTONE / FIRST FLOOR LANDING

           Gunfire CRACKLES.  The Burned Man’s skull bursts open.  He 
           drops onto his knees and starts to fall, but his splayed head 
           snags upon a mailbox door and holds him upright.

           Into the landing strides Winter, wearing black rubber boots, 
           a black slicker, black rubber gloves and a grimace.  
           He drops a sprayer, which is attached to a long turquoise 
           hose, and approaches the dangling corpse.  The amber light 
           plays upon his gaunt face and haunted eyes.

           With SQUEAKING rubber fingers, Winter pulls the Burned Man’s 
           distended head skin from the mailbox.  The body drops, THUMP.

           Winter grabs the Burned Man’s right ankle and drags him 
           toward the incomplete stairwell.  Above the chasm and beyond 
           the veil of smoke, something CLICKS.  A flashlight beam 
           glares upon the Burned Man’s pulpy head.

                                 MENENDEZ
                        He didn’t get uglier.

           Gripping the Burned Man’s right ankle, Winter climbs the 
           CREAKING stairwell.  He stops on the seventh step and hoists 
           the body up to the precipice.  Dead legs dangle over the 
           edge.  In the darkness, Janacek weeps.

                                 JANACEK 
                        Go to fucking hell!

           Winter sets his foot underneath the Burned Man’s back and 
           rolls him into the hole.  The body falls thirty feet, into a 
           boiler room and SLAMS onto a pile of corpses.

           From the abyss, frozen and agonized faces stare up at Winter.

           Menendez CLICKS off his flashlight.  Darkness conceals the 
           charnel room.  Winter turns away, walks down the stairs and 
           picks up the end of the hose.

                                 WINTER
                        Turn on those fans and clear out as 
                        much smoke as you can.  The 
                        Sergeant said that the next one’s 
                        coming in twenty minutes.

           Winter squeezes the sprayer.  A jet of water removes the 
           remains of the Burned Man from the rusty mailboxes.

           INT. BENJAMIN AND ISABELLA’S APARTMENT / LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

           A bell RINGS.  Isabella, wearing a black sweater and gray 
           jeans, strides across the room toward the door.  Her face has 
           grown lean in the last few months, and gray circles haunt her 
           eyes.  She reaches the door and looks through the peephole.  
           The sight unearths myriad bittersweet memories, and she is 
           momentarily overwhelmed.  Trembling, she clasps her hands 
           together and clears her throat.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Just a moment.
           After a several deep breaths, she wipes her eyes, throws the 
           chain, unlocks the bolt, CLACK, twists the knob and opens the 
           door.  Standing in the hall and wearing clean jeans and a 
           woolen overcoat is Winter, holding a large brown briefcase.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        Hi.  Come inside.

                                 WINTER
                        I was just going to drop th-

                                 ISABELLA
                        Come inside.  Please.

           Winter, thoroughly uncomfortable, enters the apartment where 
           his partner and closest friend once lived.  Isabella shuts 
           the door, twists the bolt, CLACK, and pulls the chain.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        You smell like gunpowder.
                            (she points to the sofa)
                        Sit.

           Winter walks toward the sofa, sits and looks at the ground.  
           Isabella surveys the gaunt man and shakes her head.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        Garret, please.  I do not hold you 
                        responsible-- I told you at his 
                        funeral.
                            (she sits)
                        If you didn’t do what you 
                        did...perhaps none of us would be 
                        here.  Almost certainly things 
                        would be worse.

           Winter has no words.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        I am sure that he was not angry 
                        with you in the end.

           Winter sets the heavy briefcase upon the table.  Isabella 
           eyes it, circumspectly.

                                 WINTER
                        This is for you and Sofia.

           The Spanish American presses the latch release buttons, CLICK-
           CLICK, and raises the lid.  Inside are fifteen tall, neat 
           stacks of one hundred dollar bills.  Heart pounding, the 
           woman shuts the briefcase and locks it, CLICK.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Where...?  Where did you get this?
                                 WINTER
                        It’s lost money-- nobody’s looking 
                        for it.  Keep it in your safety 
                        deposit box or exchange it for 
                        Euros when you visit your family.

           Winter rises from the sofa.

                                 ISABELLA
                        Wait, wait.

           The petite woman stands up, puts her arms around the gaunt 
           detective and hugs him tightly.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        Thank you, Garret, thank you.  You 
                        give too much...but you have made 
                        things better.

                                 WINTER
                        Good.

           Winter withdraws, turns and walks toward the front door.

                                 ISABELLA
                        I have a friend I would like for 
                        you to meet-- a pretty blonde woman 
                        with a very cute body.

           Facing the door, the detective pauses.

                                 ISABELLA (CONT'D)
                        Do you think you can show her a 
                        good time?  Have some fun?

                                 WINTER
                        I’m not sure.

           Winter nods his head.

                                 WINTER (CONT'D)
                        But I hope so.

                                                        CUT TO BLACK:

           The End.
